Dear local newspaper, I think the effects of computers on people are great learning abilities / affects because they give us time to chat with friends / new people, help us learn more about the globe (astronomy) and keep us out of trouble ! Thing about! Do not you think? How would you feel if your teenager was always on the phone with friends  ! Do you already have time to chat with your friends or business partner about things. Well now - there is a new way of chatting on the computer, there are plenty of sites on the internet to do it: @ ORGANIZATION1, @ ORGANIZATION2, @ CAPS1, facebook, myspace ect. Just think that while you have a meeting with your boss on the computer, your teenager is having fun on the phone without rushing down because you want to use it. How did you find out about other countries / states besides your own ? Well I have by computer / internet it's a new way to learn what's going on in our time! You might think your kid spends a lot of time on the computer, but ask them about economics, seabed spread, or even @ DATE1, you'll be surprised how much they know. . Believe it or not, the computer is very interesting so in class all day reading books. If your kid is at home on your computer or at a local library, it's better than hanging out with friends cool or being forced to do something they know is wrong. You may not know where your child is, @ CAPS2 banned in hospital bed due to driveway. Rather than your child on the computer learning, chatting or just playing games, safe and sound in your home or community. Now hope you have come to a point to understand and agree with me as computers can have a big effect on you or your child as it gives us time to chat with friends / new people, helps us discover the world and believe or not keeps us out of trouble. Thank you for your attention.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, I believe that using computers will benefit us in many ways, like talking and becoming friends with others through websites like Facebook and Mysace. Using computers can help us find contact details, locations, and access millions of information. Computers will also come in handy by helping us with chores, like planning a house plan and entering a page report @ NUM1 for one of our jobs in less than writing it down. Let us now enter the wonderful world of technology. Using a computer will help us in life by talking or making friends online. Lots of people have myspace, facebooks, lens, it all benefits us by having conversations with each other. A lot of people think computers are bad, but how can you make friends if you can never talk to them? I am fortunate to have a computer that can help me not only with my schoolwork, but also with my social life and the way I make friends. Computers help us find our locations, contact information, and millions of pieces of information online. If we didn't go on the internet a lot, we wouldn't know how to access websites that @ MONTH1 help us with locations and contact details like @ LOCATION1. Would you prefer to use a computer or be at @ LOCATION3. When you are supposed to be on vacation at @ LOCATION2. Millions of information can be found on the Internet. You can like almost any question and a computer will have it. Would you rather easily draw a house plan on computers or take @ NUM1 hours to make one by hand with ugly eraser marks all over, you are guaranteed to find a job with a drawing like this. Also, when applying for a job, many workers have to write really long articles like essay @ NUM3 words on why this job is best for you, and many people I know don't like. writing @ NUM3 words nonstop for hours on end when it might take them, i have a computer. That's why we needed computers so badly these days. I hope this essay has had an impact on your design of computers, because they are great machines to work with. The other day I showed my mom how to use a computer and she told me it was the best invented sliced bread ! Now go out and buy a computer to help you chat with friends online, find locations and millions of information with just one click, and help you find a job with neat, prepared, and printed work your boss will love. .
Dear, @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 More and more people are using computers, but not everyone agrees that it benefits society. Those who support technological advancements believe that computers have a positive effect on people. Others have different ideas. Computers are used by a large number of people around the world today, some for work and some for pleasure. Computing is one of the greatest achievements of man. Computers are useful in many ways, @ CAPS4, news and live broadcasts. Don't get me wrong, a lot of people spend time on the computer and they should be interacting with others, but who are we to tell them what to do. When I grow up I want to be an author or a journalist and I know for a fact that these two jobs involve a lot of time on the computer, one @ MONTH1 spends more time than the other but you know exactly what @ CAPS5 is in arriving at. What if some experts believed that people spend too much time on the computer and don't exercise, enjoy nature, and interact with family and friends. For all the expert knows this is how people should make a living and we don't know why people choose to use the computer for a large chunk of time and to be honest it's not my responsibility and that should not be the so-called worry of the experts. People interact a thousand times a day on computers. Computers babysit a lot of street children instead of being out and causing problems. Computers help @ ORGANIZATION1 locate the most wanted criminals. As you can see, computers are more useful to society than you might think, computers benefit society.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 I have discovered that many experts say that computers do not benefit our society. In some cases this is true, but in most cases studies show that computers can help people. While nothing beats talking in person, computers can be very close, such as webcams or email. @ PERCENT1 of students with good grades refer to trusted websites for research or to find good books. Catalogs or online advertisements also contribute to the economy of stores around the world. People @ CAPS2 weren't allowed to use computers, most modern computers wouldn't exist. @ PERSON1 said the best form of modern communication is the computer because of the ability to write, speak or reply for much less ! Almost all the events I go to are scheduled on a computer by a communication such as the email "@ CAPS2 a student already needs homework because they are sick or need help studying for a test, then contact his teacher via the best form of communication for them always email. Even the post office uses computers to send letters and boxes to people. Post office chairman @ PERSON2 said "@ CAPS3 would be impossible to send mail to our clients @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 weren't for computers that tell us where a zip code is or how heavy a box is. "@ CAPS4 telling people what is going on the world would not exist @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 were not for the modern communication capabilities that the computer provides us. Because information can be communicated so fast. Research too. When the country of @ LOCATION2 has won a pole @ PERCENT2 of people u were using the computer for any kind of research, among these @ PERCENT3 were students currently in school and @ PERCENT4 of them have good grades. When the same survey was taken it @ LOCATION1 @ PERCENT5 people were using computers for reasons and @ PERCENT2 were students who had a good grade @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 I was unable to access documents from @ CAPS5 @ CAPS6 online I probably wouldn't have gotten an A + on my @ CAPS7 Mission! Can you imagine @ CAPS2 that your newspaper reporters couldn't use the internet to work on their stories ? The articles would likely be @ NUM1 after the events happened. Most businesses, including the newspaper, use the Internet for advertising, shopping, or reading. The @ ORGANIZATION1 association reported that @ PERCENT1 from @ ORGANIZATION1 was using a website and @ PERCENT5 was in a good position. The president of @ CAPS8 @ NUM2 imports stated that they are using an online catalog because @ CAPS3 is cheaper, but they can also promote that @ CAPS3 is used for saving trees, or for the convenience of the castomer. Small @ ORGANIZATION1 can create websites to promote themselves and explain their star to potential clients. @ PERSON3, the owner of @ ORGANIZATION2 said the internet saved her restaurant. @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 were not for Internet @ NUM3 more people would be unemployed at @ LOCATION3. In conclusion, the computer helps ordinary people and without them most of the amenities would not exist. They help to communicate around the world. Computers help people research subjects for report cards, and they improve today's economy every day. In moderation, computers are the most useful tool.
Dear @ LOCATION1, I know that having computers has a positive effect on people. Computers connect families, contain information useful for educating individuals, and are very practical. Computers are a step into the future and we must take advantage of it. First of all, the internet or email will help family members connect. My family, who live @ NUM1 hours away by car, love to email me. It helps me connect with my family and that's just another reason we should have computers. Another reason that includes family is that when the family is just sitting around and calling everywhere just to find a board game, it would just be easier to go online to find it. That way it would be quick and easy to find this board game. The last reason a computer would help a family is if a family wants to participate in all kinds of activities and they need the number they can just use online. On the Internet, the family could find the numbers, and some information about it. This way more and more families can do activities together. As we can see, the computer brings together more and more families. Another reason computers are good for society is education. With information at their fingertips, more and more people will want to learn. Nowadays people are trying to find out, but will all the tools on computers allow people to educate themselves. Second, computers are another way to go about collage. If you are not ready to go to school / collage because you are sick. You would not have anything to miss because with one click, you will have the necessary material for what was missed. Finally, everyone knows that at @ LOCATION2, most classes cannot afford a computer. Kids want computers so badly. If they were to get one, that would change so much. They could learn so much more than before. Children could look at different distant countries. As a result, computers would improve the way we learn. The last reason computers are so useful is user friendliness. Now let's say the world is crazy so if we don't have to go out or talk to someone we won't. The computer will offer the possibility of communicating with other people so that there is a communication between the working partners. Having the ability to speak with one another for work would make us a lighter nation. This is just one of the many reasons that computers are very convenient, therefore computers are convenient because you can book flights, vacations, rentals and more. With a single click you should go to @ CAPS1 or have a great vacation.
Dear @ LOCATION1, I think computers have a negative effect on us ! How many people have daily access to an RV in the United States. @ NUM1 and how many people spend at least one hour there by @ NUM2. Does this mean that @ NUM3 people cannot exercise and waste a lot of it have the option of physical @ CAPS1 that you think are okay ? Think about everything you have done when writing a letter. I got up, got all the equipment and sat down. Once you have finished writing, you need to put all the documents away, then put the letter in the letterbox and make your way home. Well, that's what I had to do. Now think about how you write an email while sitting down and wiggling your fingers. Do you see the difference? @ CAPS2 instead of taking a nice walk to your friends' house and just talking to him. Did you know you can literally but from your computer. Instead of using that which can add whatever your computer gives, the info goes there and then whatever you have would be gone. All of this so that you can go online. Believe it or not, you can be physically injured because you are on the computer for too long. @ NUM4 is when you are in front of a computer @ CAPS2 what happened to my grandpa is when you are in a wooden chair all day you can have arthritis in your muscles @ CAPS3 th thing.
Did you know that nowadays more and more people depend on computers for their security, natural education and social life? In my opinion, the increasing use of computers is not benefiting society. Initially, his safety when using a computer is threatened. For starters, when someone talks to another on a computer, they @ MONTH1 never know who is on the other end of it. For example @ CAPS1 a little girl was playing a game on the computer and someone started talking to her, it could be a predator. She'll never know unless they meet us somewhere. At this point, it may be too late. Additionally, studies show that @ PERCENT1 of people's information has been more widely exposed over the past @ NUM1 years due to new chat sites. Such as myspace and facebook. In these websites, people share their information. With this, their safety is threatened. Finally, people should stop using computers as much as they do now, in order to keep them safe. In addition, enjoying nature is a must, in our world full of immense landscapes, wide waters, dense forests and lush valleys. @ CAPS1 you depend on your computer to learn about the world, you must stop this use. You have to be outside, feel the feel, the smell and even the taste of nature. A recent study shows that people who actually made it to the Grand Canyon could write an @ NUM1 page essay on what they learned. People who weren't just going to read the information on their computers couldn't write so much. Finally, society needs to get away from and stop at its computers. Third, a person's social life can be ruined by using computers for a number of reasons. One of the reasons for this could be that a person is spending all of their time on their computer instead of spending time with family and friends. Of course, you can chat with people online, but that has nothing to do with chatting in person. There is no need to talk to a friend or family member online, although you could do so in person. Finally @ CAPS1 someone takes an embarrassing picture of you and puts it on their computer, it's there forever. So you can lose friends whether you are the person in the picture or the drug addict who put the picture. With this, you can easily ruin your family / social life by using your computer too often. How would you think @ CAPS1 is your fault if someone's safety is in danger ? Wouldn't you rather enjoy nature in person rather than on your computer and not get the fall effect? Couldn't you be talking to your friends and family in person rather than ignoring them to use your computer ? There are many ways that the increasing rate of computer use is not benefiting society. I encourage you to agree with me that computers can endanger security, diminish their education in nature, and ruin their social life.
@ PERCENT1 of people agree that computers make life less complicated. I also agree with this. The use of computers teaches hand-eye coordination, gives people the opportunity to learn about distant places and people, and allows people to talk online with other people. I think this is all very important. Why wouldn't you want to have strong hand-eye coordination ? I think this is a very important skill. Computers help teach hand-eye coordination and keep it strong. As you watch the screen, your hand will move the mouse to where you want it to be. Good hand-eye coordination is used for a lot of things; especially everything. If you play sports like baseball, the eye-hand is one of the most important things. Why not make it stronger off the pitch ? In addition, the eye-hand can be used for @ ORGANIZATION1 while taking notes. The hand-eye is involved in almost everything you do. you cannot have poor hand eye coordination, otherwise you will not be able to function well. @ NUM1 on @ NUM2 Doctors agree that the eye-hand is very important for healthy living. I love to travel, but I want to know where I'm going before I phone to get there. "Said @ PERSON1, science teacher at @ ORGANIZATION1. He smells the way I'm sure a lot of people feel . They want to know where they are going and they want it to be up to date. The computer has a lot of information about a lot of different places in the world. Some books don't offer as much information or they have to be updated. Computers are also very useful for learning about other cultures and traditions. Nobody wants to be ignorant, do they? People want to know what is going on in the world quickly and easily. Computers do this . I remember when I was around @ NUM2 our phone broke in our house. We also couldn't go out and get one right away. The only way we could communicate with our family and our friends was by computer. Computer facilitated e-mail email everyone and tell them why we weren't answering our landline. This happens more often than you might think. need to communicate a lot by computer. At work, if you need to talk to an employee or colleague and you can't leave your desk, you can just email them the information. @ NUM4 employees on @ NUM2 say it is much faster and easier to email information instead of talking to them on the phone or in person. Many people agree that the computer makes life much easier. Computers teach hand-eye coordination and allow you to communicate with other people. The most important reason is that computers allow people to learn about faraway places and people. You can make a difference in the way people think about computers. Write to your local newspaper. It's now or never!"
Dear reader, @ ORGANIZATION1 has had a dramatic effect on human life. It changed the way we do almost everything today. The best known is the computer. This device has made it possible for people to buy things online, talk to people online, and also entertain some people. So many good qualities that make everyone's life easier. Imagine looking in your fridge and noticing that it is almost empty. Someone is using the car and you have to do your shopping and the store is too far away. What do you do? Now, you can go to a computer and look for food online. There are lots of great deals out there, and some companies even deliver for free! The amazing and easy way to buy food without leaving your home. But food isn't all you can buy. Many products are sold through the computer. Need new toys for kids? Or how about a new hat for your friend? Maybe even more curtains for your bedroom? Well, with easy access to the Internet on a computer, you can buy all of these items and more. The computer also has the means of communication. Let's say someone wants to talk to a friend or relative who lives far away in another country. @ CAPS1 someone doesn't have a phone or @ CAPS1 they can't make the call, it must all be in you on the computer. You can communicate with anyone just by using your email address. Now friends and family can talk to each other through the computer. Just type to mean and " boom " instantly on the chat. Let's face it. It doesn't matter what a child or even a teenager is. But now with a computer that can all change. With just one click, you can watch a movie in the comfort of your own home. But what is @ CAPS1 you don't want from a movie ? No entertainment like listening to music, watching fun and probably the most popular games. Everyone likes to play a game from time to time, and with the selection of thousands of games online, not one person who can at least shy away from our enjoyable game. There are even fun educational games that many children love. With all the entertainment a computer can produce; who could hate it? Overall, the computer is a revolutionary device that has changed the way we shop, communicate and find exciting entertainment. Being able to do so many things with just a few clicks ; again that I find extravagant. It amazes me to see and think, "@ CAPS1 we can do it now, I wonder what we can accomplish in the future.
In the @ LOCATION1 we have the technology of a computer. Some say computers are good for society. I disagree, I believe this is bad for several reasons. Some of the reasons are obesity, cramps, more sexual harassment and even cyberbullying. First of all, if people don't quit computers and go out to exercise, it will lead to obesity. Think of it this way, if you look at a kid who hasn't had to go to school all his life and has started @ NUM1 books. The only thing the child will want to do is play on the computer and he will gain weight. Then tip-top-tip-top is all you hear when a kid is on the computer teens @ CAPS1 come home from school and go straight to the computer and don't come down on a night out. 'school. These are the children who are @ CAPS1 likely to have bad cramps. they get cramps from typing too fast, too hard, and for too long. They may also get cramps from sitting for too long and then trying to stand up, but they can't because it hurts too much to decide to move anywhere. There is also a lot more sexual harassment from some kids who go to a chat room to tell their friends about good news, but when they leave the chat room they are all angry and pissed off. The reason is that someone was laughing at them and they didn't like it. This may be happening around @ PERCENT1 when teens and even parents hit chat rooms online. This is the third reason why computers have such a huge effect on people. The last reason computers have such a huge effect on people is cyberbullying. cyberbullying is when someone is bullying you, but just online instead. Have you realized that children have become poor or sick because they don't want to be hurt or killed for something very stupid? Well I did and it's not right and now god is if a kid goes to school online he / she @ MOIS1 is being cyberbullied because he is not not smart enough or if he / she doesn't have the money to go to school. Cyberbullying normally happens in an online chat room. This is where the whole family will go broke, with no money or food. They @ MONTHS1 even lose their child or the house they live in because someone wanted to play the big and the bad to be popular in school. In conclusion, these are just a few of the ways that computers affect people. Obesity, cramps, sexual harassment, and cyberbullying aren't a joke and it's not fun to be put through. Now it's your turn to tell us what you think about computers. Do you think computers are good and benefit society or is it bad for little children's brains to make life horrible for them to live ?
Dear @ LOCATION1, the folks at @ CAPS1 recognize the great advances that computers bring us, but they also place us at the disadvantages of @ CAPS1. Computers are known to help develop health problems. As people become more in tune with the online world, they tend to interact less with their families. Remember the danger of online predators - they are deadly. @ CAPS1 people who do nothing but watch TV are often called cauch potatoes. Those who are glued to their computer screens are no better. It is stated by many top doctors at @ LOCATION2 that too much time spent on the computer can be harmful to your health. Exercise is highly stressed by doctors all over the world and the only exercise a computer addict will do is hit a storm. They can dive into obesity. This often causes depression when it begins to set in. The addition itself is a serious health problem. I wouldn't be surprised if they added a computer wing to rehabilitation centers in the near future. These problems are slowly spreading and we must unite to end them! Time spent with family is of great value to the folks at @ CAPS2, but computers are ruining this tradition lately. With so many people @ CAPS1 engrossed in online dramas, friends, and even video games, family interactions are on the decline. People are slowly withdrawing from reality and entering an alternate world of cyberspace. They @ MONTH1 only leave their rooms to go to the bathroom and eat, barely resting. This can cause great tension or grief in @ CAPS1 families. Who can erase the horrific stories of kidnappings from their memories? Online predators are very dangerous and extremely intelligent. Your kids might talk to someone they believe is another teenager looking for a friend to console themselves when, in reality, it's a forty-year-old serial killer waiting to find the good time to attack. Studies show that a quarter of online users have had an encounter with a dangerous person.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 I think computers take people's lives away and are not as important as other life factors. First of all, you know that the world is getting obese because of the lack of exercise. Plus, people don't realize that @ CAPS3 warming is getting to be a big deal. Finally, families are not as close as they used to be. these are all the reasons why computers are not important to human society. The world's first becomes obese, and computers play a huge role in it. Computers don't make people exercise, they just sit on their couch and use the computer, it won't help Amarica get back in shape. Moreover, computers become a habit if a person uses a computer every day of his life, it will become addictive, then he will not be able to stop. Finally, when people use the computer, they don't realize how little exercise there is. This is the number one reason computers are a bad thing. Next @ CAPS3 warming is flourishing the polar ice caps. Computers play a role in @ CAPS3 warming because they use electricity and then the electricity melts the polar ice caps. If this continues to happen they will all melt and we will have no coastline and half the world will be devastated. Finally, computers are playing a huge role in the @ CAPS3 warming due to the fact that they are so popular. This is another reason why computers are bad. Finally, the last reason computers are bad is because they take away your family life. For example, there are more and more families going their separate ways now and the most obvious is that @ PERCENT1 of the time is because of technology. When someone is on the computer, other people feel that they love the computer more than they love themselves. Then they go their separate ways. This is the last reason I think computers are bad. In conclusion, you can see that computers are a bad thing. First of all, you can see that Amarica is getting obese because of the computers. In addition, computers cause @ CAPS3 to heat up and will eventually flood the earth. And finally, computers take away people's family life and cause them to break up and become miserable. These are all the reasons computers are bad.
Dear local newspaper, I read your argument about computers and I think they have a positive effect on people. The first reason i think they have a good effect is because u can do so much stuff with them like you live in Mane and your cuzin live in california you and him could have a chat with him. The second thing you could do is search the world for news where you might get stuck on a plane and it would be boring when you can grab your computer and go to your computer at work and start working. When you said that it takes away from exirsis, some people also use the computer for this to determine how fast they run or how many miles they want and sometimes what they eat. The third reason is that some work of people is on computers or making computers, for example when you did this article you didn't use a typewriter, used a computer and printed it if we didn't have computers, that would make your @ CAPS1 much more difficult. Thanks for reading and when you think about it, please consider my three answers.
My three details for this journal article are a statement of your opinion on the effects of computers. Second, give detailed answers that will persuade the local newspaper to agree with your position. These are my three ideas for the newspaper article. Basically, in my opinion, computer effects are a waste of time. Many people have wasted time with computers, like obese people, installed in the computer to go for a run or exercise. Insted to be computer go out for ur girlfriend or family or family or friends to have fun. So being incompetent for too long is bad, a lot of kids look at bad things like adults do. It's good to be in IT but not too long. To begin with, you must agree with me because my details and my reason. My resons are a lot of tunes low stuff like porn. Many children imagine that this mainly ruins them and the future. They become addicted to this observation. So, people who use the computer for good things, it's old for psychics for good things good. These are my details and my resonance for your with me. To bigin and go and organize my ideas well and present them clearly. It's good to be at the computer but not the long insted of coming out flat and exersus. abd yor can enjoy life instead of being in the computer. Bad things a lot of kids watch bad things and the computer has really bad staff. The computer is used for all things these days. This is how to organize my ideas. In conclusion, these are my ideas for the journal. Ols I give my opinion on the computer effects. I give details and answers that will persuade the local newspaper and agree with me. I think I organize my ideas as well presenting them clearly. These are my ideas so that the new daddy can create effects on computers.
Dear, In today's world, everyone should use computers. Computers have a positive effect on people. They teach hand-eye coordination, give people the chance to learn about faraway places and people, and even allow people to talk online with other people. Today, computers are like the greatest book of knowledge in the world. everything you need to know is on a computer. You can search for faraway places and skip whatever you need to know how to write in front of you. Computers are fast and easy, anyone can use them. Kids today are so addicted to computers every day that they are on them. There are so many websites for kids and teens to check out, like @ CAPS1, and facebook ect. on these websites, children as young as ten are chatting with friends and posting pictures. Thers also offers online chat sites that allow you to use a webcam and talk to people all over the world. Computers are a great way to connect with people. Everyone should have a computer at home today.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, the computer turned on and the image of a girl with blond hair filled the screen. It was easy to find out what life was like at @ LOCATION2, thanks to the real girl @ CAPS1 who explained it. Going to the library would not have fulfilled any of this invaluable information and human interaction. Computers are a necessity of life if society is to grow and expand. They should be supported because they teach hand-eye coordination, give people the opportunity to learn about faraway places, and allow people to talk to others online. First, computers help teach hand-eye coordination. Hand-eye coordination is a useful skill that is used to excel in sports. In a recent survey, @ PERCENT1 of children felt their hand-eye coordination improved after using the computer. Even a simple thing like tying can develop this skill. Famous neurologist @ CAPS2 @ PERSON1 said in an article last week that "@ CAPS3 and the computer strengthen @ CAPS2. When you're on the computer, you automatically process what the eyes see into a command for your hands. . " Hand-eye coordination @ CAPS4 can improve sports such as baseball and basketball. If someone doesn't want to get better at these sports, they just have to turn on the computer. Once people get better at sports, they are more likely to play it and become healthier. In fact, computers can help exercise rather than decrease it. In addition, computers allow people to access information about distant places and people. If someone wanted to search for @ LOCATION1, they would just type in a search presented to them, it would be a forever link to search for countless things. Additionally, having the ability to learn about cultures can make people and their cultures understand something about others. Increase people's tolerance. Computers are an ingenious tool that can help people in all aspects of life. Finally, computers and technology can enable people to chat. Computer chat and video chat can help different nations. Getting good terms to places other than those that can help us understand the story of something that happened at @ LOCATION3, people can just go to their computer and ask a @ LOCATION3 citizen what 'they think of the question. Plus, video chat and online chatting can cut costly phone bills. No one wants to pay more than they have to pay in this economy. Another good point is that you can access family members that you barely visit. It can help you connect more within your own family. Obviously, computers are a useful aid in today's age. their progress is pushing the world to a better place. Computers can help people because they help teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people, and allow people to talk online with others. Think of a world without computers and technological advances. The world would be sectorized and unified, contact between people would be fearful, and even information. Internet is like thousands or libraries put together. No one would know much about other nations, and news would travel more slowly. Is this the kind of place you want people to live in ?
Dear local newspaper, I believe that computers have a negative effect on people's lives. I believe so because those who spend too much time on the computer don't go out as much as they should, don't spend enough time with their families, and the computer can't do it all. My first reason is that I believe people need to go out more. When they are not going out they are not exercising and it is very unhealthy. Instead of looking at the games or the scores, they should go out and play. I also believe that they should enjoy nature because I feel like they are spoiling the beauty of nature all around them. We wouldn't want to waste our abilities and privileges, right? Another reason is that they don't spend enough time with their families. If you have family near you, you should take advantage and interact with each other. You can have fun with your family by playing games. You can also have fun by just hanging out which improves your social skills and the computer can't always do that which brings me to my next point. The computer can't do everything, so take advantage of what you have now. Some computer time is fine, but it can be very dangerous in addictted to it. The computer @ MONTH1 have a lot of information, but there is nothing you can't find in a book. Your computer can't like your dog, so there's a reason we should the computer. There are more than enough other things you can do that you can't do on the computer, including playing sports, taking care of family, and taking care of one of your hobbies. Remember that the @ MONTH1 computer gets big every now and then, but it can't live your life for you. That's why I belive that we should be spending less time on the computer, and more time going out and having fun with the family, and that the computer can't do everything.
Dear local newspaper, I have to admit that the experts are generally correct as I know people who stay on the computer all day and that is really not good if you ask me. Instead of being on computers to explore faraway places and talk to other people, you should be exercising, relaxing, and interacting with family and friends. Exercising is much better than being on a computer, and I mean this to say this. When you are on a computer sitting there playing online games and checking other things, or whatever @ MONTH1 you are on board and hungry, and I know there are some snacks around you while you are doing what you are doing. Instead of being on a computer for @ NUM1 or @ NUM2 hours or maybe even all day to put on weight. There are many ways to exercise. You can walk, jog, play sports, I mean there are a lot of things you can do when you are not at a computer. I know people who could work all day and come home with their computers. Rest is good too. You don't always have to jump on your computer, you can just relax watching a movie, eat popcorn and have fun, you can even take a nap for a little while or something, but you don't. You don't always have to go directly to your computer if you really don't need to use it. The way I see it is family, and the computers will always be there, but at the same time which is more important. Friends aren't always trustworthy, so you don't really need them for a few, but that's not the problem. Family and your true friends have feelings, and if you don't spend time with them on a computer that you will have when you leave and come home too, something is wrong. Tomorrow is not promised, we live for today. So enjoy life when you have the chance, and spend time doing something active, with your family and friends, and if you really like computers, try to balance your free time.
I agree with the evansmant ov tnachnolage. The evansmant ov tnachnolige is fined half a kohar froi alnsas. Tnanchnolage waf ot we are not going to the moon. Tnachnologe evans like us maech. People are in contact with the frchr for the good of life. Famas invanyor ues tnacholage leki lena orde dvanse and her fling mashine. Tnachologe is the free
Well, computers can be a good thing or a bad thing. I really don't see @ CAPS1 that @ CAPS2 computers can be a bad thing for me. I also know that @ CAPS2 computers can or will help people all over the world. I think computers have a positive effect on people like me. Computers teach hand-eye coordination. This can help you if you need to educate yourself on finding a school project. You can create a lot of things on computers like music, @ CAPS1 shirts, logos, banners, and a lot of other creative stuff. With the computer, you can search for available houses and apartments. You can even go online and fill out a job application and record trips to the cool @ CAPS2 stores, that's it !! Well, I'm an ordinary person, not rich, not famous, but computers provide a lot of information that people use today. That's why I think computers have positive effects on people and you don't have to @ CAPS1 be super smart to use one.
Dear @ CAPS1 of the daily @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3, I am writing to you to address the issue of computing in our society today. Every day new discoveries are made by the people who use computers in our society, yet many people say that computers are harmful to the community. Today I am going to convince you and society that computers are not as much of a problem as some people claim. To begin with, the discoveries in our country have progressed rapidly. Every day, new discoveries benefit our society, but they are only made possible by computers. Without computers, some diseases would never have been discovered and more people. Would be dead. Second, computers have also increased medical care and been the cave between life and death. Finally, computers make it possible to speed up the production rates of essential cars, and many other objects. Have you ever been bored at home and looking for something to do on that dark, rainy and cold night? Yes, exactly what I was expecting, new technological advancements in social media can help even the most bored and lonely people and give them something to do. Even if you are just looking to talk to someone, you can easily do so on the Internet. So, you who are looking for that special someone, you will always be able to look somewhere. With all the social networks like twitter, myspace, facebook and youtube you will always have something to do. During this economic recession, it seems like finding a job is so difficult, but the internet is once again coming to the rescue. The Internet can help you find a job twice or even three times faster. Many people also speed up their speech using the computer. With Microsoft, it's much easier to get the work you need to catch up on. Hope everyone can understand how much the computer helps you rather than hurts you. @ CAPS1 from the journal, I hope you and the rest of the community can see that this computer helps you more than it hurts you. Thank you very much for your time and effort to listen to me.
Dear local newspaper @ CAPS1, take your whole computer and give it to people all over the world to stay in their homes chatting with family and friends. Computers help people around the world connect with other people.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 have you ever seen a child on the computer for hours and nothing could take it away? Well i think it is very harmful for the kid as it does not allow him to exercise, interact face to face with people or use his mind to the best of his @ NUM1. The more we move forward in society, we become lazy and forget about these essential things. I think that taking a step back from the use of computers could benefit society more than using them. Obesity in @ LOCATION2 is at its highest @ PERCENT1 of the children in @ LOCATION3 agree that they only exercise once a week and prefer spending time on the computer. Think about this, @ PERCENT1 of the kids. It is more than @ NUM2 of @ CAPS2 children. I took it and compared it to @ CAPS3 some kids who don't benefit from this technology. I learned that @ PERCENT1 some kids exercise there only once a week. That's for less what these computers are doing at @ LOCATION3 @ PERCENT2 some children are overweight and @ PERCENT3 of them develop blood problems as adults. I exercise to go play with friends or cycle, or go for a jog. It doesn't sound difficult, does it ? If we spend that rather than on computers I think we can reduce that amount of obesity and I think @ CAPS2 has worked across the country. On the computer we have popular websites like @ CAPS5, @ CAPS6 and @ CAPS7. More and more websites allow you to interact with people from all over the island. It can be in more than one way. These computer websites allow anyone to talk to people who might have an interest in mind. More than @ NUM3 people on @ NUM4 in my school say they have one of these accounts and have posted personal information there. With this personal information, could and with these websites the crime rate increased by @ PERCENT4. Also, these websites get people to develop their social skills. People spend hours on these sites talking to people and forget how to talk face to face. @ PERCENT2 of @ LOCATION1 students say they would say something online that they wouldn't say in front of someone. This creates more problems in schools and could possibly result in someone hurting someone else or being injured. I heard the news about suicides and about computers everywhere and I think that with less of them people would spend more time with their families and / or the nation would be closer and safer. Computers do not allow you to explore nature and use your mind to the best of its ability. Computers make it easy and I myself think it makes me lazy because it allows me to read a book there or read about other people, instead of going to a library and buying a delivered. Computers take time to use your mind and solve problems in real life. Years ago and I learned that I could be on the computer for hours playing them without realizing it at all. Without them, it would make a difference. Children live on computers and we can change them.
Dear local newspaper, I have heard that not many people think that computers benefit society. I don't agree with that. Computers benefit society by teaching hand-eye coordination, allowing people to learn about foreign places and communicate with others online. Some people are basically born with hand-eye coordination, but most people weren't, like me, for example. But, thanks to computers, my hand-eye coordination has increased! “ On average, computers can increase a person's hand-eye coordination up to @ PERCENT1 says @ PERSON2. Think about it, just by learning to tie your hand eye coordination can increase by @ PERCENT1. ! It’s amazing ! Having a Good Hand - Eye coordination will get you a long way in life and help you with the little, everyday things like playing an instrument or doing household chores. She also helps in sports. You need good hand-eye coordination to throw, catch and aim. If more people spend more time on the computer, then the hand-eye coordination of the population would increase, and who wouldn't want that. Have you ever heard of @ LOCATION1 ? It is a country of @ LOCATION2 that no one really knows. By searching on the computer, you can become an expert on the country! The computer gives us access to a lot of knowledge, and will make us more people around the world. It can improve our trips. Instead of going to the same place every vacation, you can go to a place you've seen online that looks just as exciting. In addition, by learning about other countries and their people, we gain respect for them. We @ MONTH1 also learn about their traditions and culture. “The internet gives us access to the world, ” says @ PERSON1, “ we can learn so many new things that will make us more people, countries and the environment. » @ CAPS1 is right, we can also be aware of the environment. With global warming being a problem, we can learn to preserve foreign places by learning them on the internet. With the click of a mouse, you can have whose world virtually at your fingertips! In a recent study @ PERCENT2 people said they don't have time to meet old friends. However, the internet has made it quick and easy to talk to people online. Websites like @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3, and @ CAPS4 can keep your social life intact and can even reunite you with old friends. For example, @ CAPS2 suggests family. You can keep in touch with many people via @ CAPS2 ! Plus, you can make new friends. Most teens say they're always ready to meet new people, and the internet is a great way to do it! Sites like @ CAPS7 and @ CAPS8 can help you find friends by logging into a chat room with a random person just to talk. I once spoke with someone on @ CAPS7 for over an hour ! We found out that we both have @ CAPS4 accounts and keep in touch there ! It also helps you gain confidence, because you @ MONTH1 have the courage to say something on the computer that you wouldn't say in real life. The computer can really boost your social life. As you can see. Computers aren't just “ your boss, ” they improve hand-eye coordination, help you discover faraway places, and improve your social life by letting you talk to others. Computers benefit society more than ever!
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 off, I think computers are very useful for many people when looking for information or chatting with friends. Although many children should be spending their time outdoors, the computer is a busy environment that helps children learn and interact with others. I believe that children should be allowed to stay on the computer for as long as they want. However, they should always take the time to go out, hang out with friends, etc. The @ MONTH1 computer is fun, but getting out and enjoying nature is always important. Another reason why students shouldn't be spending all of their time on the computer is because of their health. If a child becomes addicted to computers it will affect the way they interact with others and @ MONTH1 will cause serious damage to their brain. Although I believe that children should be allowed to use the computer, it is still important to spend time outdoors to enjoy nature. Another reason I think children should have a right to computers is the information they learn and discover. Many children grow up with careers in computer manufacturing or program design. Some children @ MONTH1 have their education online or to teach others. The computer is a non-stop generation of intelligence based to help people learn, play and discover. Many people dream of one day building a computer or creating new programs. All students should have the right to spend time on the computer as well as to save time spent outdoors and with friends. Everyone has their own take on their thinking and whether sitting on the computer all day is a good thing. I don't think kids should be doing this because it might affect their health and the way others think about them.
Do you think computers are unnecessary? Or do you think they could be useful in a lot of ways ? I remember @ CAPS4, my older sister must have done some research on @ CAPS1, the computer gave her all the information she needed. The problem to be solved is that more and more people are using computers, but not everyone agrees that it benefits society. I strongly believe that @ CAPS2 benefits society in so many ways ! Here's why, the computer lets you connect with friends, search for people, places or things, and relax and play on a fun and entertaining website ! My first reason is that @ CAPS2 allows you to talk to your family or friends so that you all get back in touch if a friend of yours has moved to a different state, then you can easily get back in touch right from the computer. "@ CAPS2 is good to send e-mails or photos to friends, but if you do @ CAPS2 from the computer, then @ CAPS2 is done so much faster !" @ CAPS3 @ PERSON1, one of my neighbors. My next reason is that you can search for anything you want like people, places or things and all the references will show up. @ CAPS2 is good for finding school projects or homework that you have @ MONTH1. I remember @ CAPS4 my brother was working on his project. Everything he was struggling with, he found right on the computer! My last reason is that there are many fun and exciting websites that you can relax and play on ! These websites can keep you busy and you won't get bored while playing ! "@ CAPS4, I'm bored, I go to the computer and play games that I find on @ CAPS5.com", @ CAPS3 my young cousin, @ PERSON2. @ MONTH1 computers make people addicted to them. Yes, but you will learn some interesting things about how the Internet works. More and more people are using computers, but not everyone agrees that it benefits society. I strongly believe that they benefit society, here is why you can get in touch with people, research and play fun games ! @ CAPS2 is now or never to decide what you think ! Call me and we'll discuss it.
Computers are good because you can get information, you can play games, you can get pictures, but when you are on the computer you can find something or someone that is bad or that is viris . If there is a vris, you might want to turn off the computers so that it does not get worse. There are sites for children, like games, there are games for teens, there are games for adults. Also, pictures are bad for kids because most of the time they lead to inappropriate pictures. You should only look for the infermation as you don't need things like weapons or knives. There are also different types of companies like @ CAPS1 & t @ CAPS2. @ CAPS2 is a good place to get @ CAPS1 computers just like @ CAPS1 & t.
Dear Diary, Computers are high technology and have developed into everyday life. They play a big role in society. Computers have been upgraded to do a lot of different things without them we would hardly have anything to do. Although kids should start going out more, computers teach kids new things, and it's useful. With computers, children rarely go out. A large portion of our @ LOCATION1 population is obese, including children. For this reason, they stay indoors and on their computers. Children need to get out from time to time for fresh air and exercise. If they limit their time on the computer and do active play, it would be better for the child. Since computers grow quickly and adapt, kids spend half the day on them staring at the screen while playing a flash game, such as run escape. Instead of wasting their time doing what they should be out doing, go for a walk and do something! Computers teach new things to children. Google something like trees. You will get a bunch of websites with information about trees. Kids play games too, if they don't know some of the games they play teach them things, for example my little sister go to a site called nickeloden.com I can see and it teaches her things. stuff she didn't know before. from those types of games, it prepared her for kindergarten. Nowadays, more and more sites are adapting and becoming known as bing. Computers are really useful. suppose you want to know what's going on at work. So click your mouse on Internet Explorer and get your email. With computers, you can go to social networking sites, like Facebook, and connect with friends. You can also go to the instant messaging site to talk to friends and see what's going on. For your entertainment, you can play games. Remember, however, not to stay too long. Computers are big business in our community. Life would be very difficult without them. But remember not to stay too long! Although children should start to go out, computers teach children new things and are useful.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 people all over the world use or own computers. While there are people @ CAPS1 who think computers are good for you, others might say the opposite. While on the computer, you can get more socal by chatting with friends or family. Also, while you're on the computer @ MONTH1 doesn't notice it but ; your hand-eye coordination improves, and finally, you can search with the click of a button, instead of searching for your topic in dozens of books. Computers have some very @ CAPS1 advantages. One being chatting or talking online with friends and family. You @ MONTH1 have a distant friend that you haven't spoken to in a while. With a computer, you can reconnect with your friend. If you have an account that it is safe to chat with, you @ MONTH1 will be able to make new friends. It would be good for you, socially. It is always good to have friends and to keep in touch with your family. Some people find it difficult to play the piano because they cannot watch the music and have their hands doing something else. On a computer, your hand-eye coordination improves over time as you search for a subject while your hands are typing. Also, it is a great memory exercise for your fingers. You end up memorizing where all the keys are. People without a computer should search @ CAPS1 books to find information on their topic. Others with computers just have to type in their subject and all the information they need is right in front of them. You can see photos of your subject or even videos! Not @ CAPS1 books that I know of, can search for topic, show you photos and videos with just one resource ! The folks at @ CAPS1 are debating whether or not computers are good for you. If you ask me, computers are great for people. It allows people to be social and talk to old friends; it also improves your eye-hand coordination, and lastly; it gives you the ability to search for a topic without having to search dozens of books. So now the question is yours; are computers good for people or not?
Dear Journalists, I believe that computers benefit society for several reasons. Computers make work easier, they can do things people don't like to solve difficult problems, and kids like to play games on them. Computers make work easier and cleaner. Typing is often faster than writing and is always easier to read. Studies have also shown that people who use computers to work finish faster and have up to @ PERCENT1 more free time to do whatever they want. Computers also have email, so you can send the work you've done to your boss without printing it and wasting paper. Computers can solve difficult problems that people can't or don't want to waste their time doing. If you need to solve a math problem, you use a calculation or a computer. So you don't have to figure it out yourself. I have to do a lot of math problems for homework, and I think it's a lot easier to use a calculator. My last reason computers are good is that kids love to play games on them. A lot of people say that kids shouldn't be playing computer games, but some of them are educational. Even non-educational games help kids have fun and have something to look forward to after their work is done. @ PERCENT2 of children say they are happier when they have something fun to look forward to, and happier children do a better job. I hope after reading this you will understand how much computers contribute to society.
I agree that computers are definitely a benefit to our society. I think this is because they help us communicate and video chat with family and friends online, used as a great tool for school or professional work. Mainly for the enjoyment of children and now fun computer games are helping them prepare for real life consequences like how the Webkinz game teaches children to take care of pets. "@ CAPS1 do you have a @ CAPS2 ?" @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4, my @ CAPS5. “@ CAPS6, please ask me a friend,” I replied. Later that night I go home and check my @ CAPS2, a new notification pops up and I am now friends with my @ CAPS5 @ CAPS4. My whole family is on @ CAPS2 and I think it's very useful for a number of reasons, like making plans and having parties. I hate writing invitations, but now every year for my birthday party I just type them out, which takes less than five minutes. Or, for an even easier way to send invitations, you can even just type an email or @ CAPS2 message. In fact, I just got invited to a party yesterday on @ CAPS2. It's so easy, you just need to create an event and tag all your friends in the note. Moreover, it is so easy to get the @ CAPS13 because you are automatically notified. Technology like this makes life much easier. For example, have you ever received something new and can't wait to show it off to your friends ? Well, now you can, from the comfort of your own home. All you need is a webcam and you can instantly connect with any friend of yours who has one too. "@ CAPS14, @ PERSON1 ! Love what you did to your room, the pink wallpaper is so cute !" I said. "@ CAPS15 you! I love your hair today. It looks so pretty," @ PERSON1 said. I love webcam with my friends because you can see and hear them like they are exactly the same as you. As you can see the webcam is so much easier than spending more time and money, and my mom's time and taking a ride over her house. Computers make life so much better. Another example of how much easier it is now is that computers help you with schoolwork. Have you ever had to write a report? Well, many times teachers especially like them because many students have messy handwriting and most kids won't like to write it anyway. Like me, I type faster than I write and that's why I agree @ PERCENT1 that computers benefit society. Most importantly, computers can help you find a good job online and even write a great CV for you. Would that be impressive ? If I applied for a professional position, I know I will type my CV. In conclusion, this is how computers are so useful, beneficial, important and fun to our society.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 is called @ PERSON1 and I am a citizen of @ ORGANIZATION1. I believe computers are NOT for the benefit of everyone! In @ CAPS1's opinion, they are making our city worse. People are spending far too much time on their computers and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. All of these things are what @ CAPS3 Computers are doing to our society and it's time to end them ! First of all, people are on the computer too. Teens are on social networking sites, adults are on chat rooms, and children are playing computer games. Instead, people should be playing outside or taking a walk in the park. Did you know that @ PERCENT1 adults are overweight ? If people reduced the time spent indoors, we could probably reduce that number. Plus, who knows teens @ CAPS3 do on the computer. Computers have good things, but they can also be bad. For example, chat rooms that know the @ CAPS3 kind of people are in chat rooms. Children should be careful about @ CAPS3 they say or show on the internet. Instead of playing games or talking to boyfriends and girlfriends, teens should go out and exercise. Second, more citizens need to enjoy nature and the beauty of the landscapes around them. We were all so busy running around to check our emails we didn't notice @ CAPS3 a beautiful day it's out. On a beautiful day @ DATE1 or @ DATE2, people should take these kids to a local park or pond. Reminds me of the last @ DATE2 when I went to @ CAPS1 cousins. Aunt @ CAPS1 only allowed us to watch one hour a day, including the computer. We were outside everyday, even though we were just looking at the clouds. It allowed us to stay active and enjoy the environment. @ CAPS1 The last reason that computers are affecting society so badly is that computers take time to interact with family and friends. I know @ CAPS3 the way you think, when you're on the computer talking to your family and friends, but it's not the same. Instead of instant messaging, call them. Maybe even invite them to talk face to face. It reminds me of @ CAPS1's sister. When I get home she will normally be on @ CAPS2. Now, instead of getting up and coming over to talk to me, she'll text me "@ CAPS3's up?" or "@ CAPS4 was your day ?" Computers help people communicate, but they also suppress communication. As you can see I have given you three reasons why I firmly believe computers are wrong @ ORGANIZATION1. Not just @ ORGANIZATION1 but everywhere! You have to open your eyes and understand that people spend way too much time on computers, they allow people not to enjoy nature or to interact with their families. Please understand that our company will crash if we don't fix this problem. So @ CAPS3 are you going to do about it ?
Dear, @ ORGANIZATION1 I think the effects of computers on people are really positive. Computers can be used for all kinds of things. Examples like finding out about history. People who changed the world and other information. Computers empower children to learn. For example, there are many websites that offer online tutoring or great ways to help you succeed in your studies. Another positive medium is online dating. You can meet new people and it's a great way to make life even better. Popular sites like @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3, etc. are a good way to keep in touch with friends from your past, or even to make new ones. But the more I think the better in my opinion go to school online. Once you are done with colloge and are a nurse, for example, you can graduate as a registered nurse and then be an @ ORGANIZATION2. I think computers have a positive effect on people.
Dear @ LOCATION1, @ CAPS1 is a rumor going around that computers are a negative effect in a child's life. I do not agree. A computer can help a child in so many ways, it can help students with homework, let students talk to friends, and help with school projects. Plus, most kids don't stay on the computer very long anyway. Homework is a big role at school, if you don't do it or worse don't, you can fall. That's why computers have websites that help a child learn how to solve a social studies problem or question if he doesn't know it. If you go to the school webpage, there is a link that will take you to a math game. There is even a science website. It helps a child not to be stressed out about homework. A computer also helps students interact with their friends. Social life is very important for an @ NUM1 grater. This is where a computer can aim, facebook and even myspace help a child make an impact with their friends. If a child has fought in school, he can come home and be okay and not leave him without a place. A computer also new friends from other cities. Teens need to make new friends and support them just like in life. If a teenager is helping with one, he can turn to one for help. Each student is given a project to take away for a social time as they run to the store to buy paper and pencils. you can stay home, have the money, and type the try. Computers can help with a social or science studies project. You can print images and search for information. Drawing can be tedious and messy, saving time and mess. If @ CAPS1 are words you don't understand, you can check them. Computers are and the best way to do a project. Computers, everyone uses them, they help our parents as much as we do. They help us with our homework, allow us to chat with friends, and even help us with our plans! Computers are one of the best technologies we have @ DATE1.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, I think computers have a positive effect on people. Where would we be without them? Computers teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about any subject, and allow people to communicate with each other at any distance. Obviously, computers are good. I think computers have a positive effect on people. They teach hand-eye coordination, like I said earlier. I know people say where you are on the computer you spend less time exercising, but computers help you with your throwing skills. Hand-eye coordination also applies if you want to be a surgeon / doctor. You must have firm hands. What we are willing to do whatever is necessary. You see, they have a positive effect. I think computers have a positive effect on people. They give people the opportunity to learn whatever they want on the Internet. Suppose you wanted to be an engineer when you grow up, you might want to learn anything and everything to be successful later in this career. What about a doctor, you would like to know how many years of college and medical education are needed to get your medical degree. A computer helps you learn more about these things. It can teach you tons of other things as well. Again, how could they not be positive. I think computers have a positive effect on people. Another thing they can do among a hundred others is allow you to communicate with other people, regardless of the distance. So mail might be enough, yes, but @ CAPS3-mail is free and arrives in less than a minute where mail can take weeks to go. For example, what if you are from another country. You wouldn't want to lose touch with the people you grew up with. With a computer, you can use Skype to see the new person now. Talking on the phone or by mail doesn't even compare to that. You could never lose touch! Computers help people do all kinds of things. In conclusion, computers have a positive effect on people. They teach hand-eye coordination, give people the opportunity to learn about any subject, and allow people to communicate with each other no matter the distance. There is no bad reason that could surpass any of them. They make sense. So what do you think? Do you think they are good for us, or do we need fewer computers?
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, Have you ever wondered what effect computers have on people ? It is a very negative effect. Computers are one of the main reasons kids don't exercise and become obese, it can affect student grades, and being on @ CAPS6 isolates yourself from those around you. First of all, more and more children are using computers more often than they should. The result of this, you ask @ MONTH1 ? Since computers are used daily, especially by young adolescents, it is likely that this child will become obese. Research from well-known colleges, such as @ ORGANIZATION2 and @ LOCATION2, has found that @ PERCENT1 of children who spend more than two hours on the @ CAPS6 are obese or will become heavier when they are older. After talking with @ PERSON1, a graduate of @ LOCATION1, he told me that when kids spend more time on @ CAPS6, they are just staring at a bright screen that can damage their eyes, and not spending their time outdoors. to take advantage of the beautiful weather. As a result, kids start to gain body fat by sitting on a coach watching @ CAPS6 all day instead of exercising ! My second reason computers have such negative effects on children is that they can interfere with your grades ! After speaking with a current student at @ ORGANIZATION1, she told me that the reason her grades are dropping is because she is too busy on @ CAPS3, @ CAPS4, @ CAPS5, etc. She doesn't focus on her @ ORGANIZATION1 work as she should and because she doesn't, her grades range from @ NUM1 to low @ NUM2. This shows that even “A” students get bad grades for being on @ CAPS6. Also, being so on @ CAPS6 and not paying attention to @ ORGANIZATION1's work, it may affect your top grades on @ ORGANIZATION3 ! This shows that by always going on @ CAPS6, you are harming your academic skills. My last and final reason computers have such a negative effect on kids is that they interfere with your social skills to be an outgoing, talkative person ! Every time you log into this death trap device your self esteem drops because you never talk to your friends or call them. You are simply sitting in a hard chair, looking at an electronic device that will not get you anywhere in life. Also, you push your loved ones away by being on @ CAPS6 @ NUM3. You will end up never spending time with them and you will never call your friends to see what they are up to if you continue on @ CAPS6. Plus, if your mom or dad tells you to get off your @ CAPS6, you get cranky and rude to your family just because you want to get back on your favorite electronic device. Do you really want to do this to your family ? So in summary, computers have a negative effect on many young people, and the reasons are that you have less time to exercise, it hurts your grades and you can't be so interactive with people. by being on the @ CAPS6. The real question is, however, do you think computers have a negative or a positive effect on people?
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS1 has been brought to my attention that some people think computers are bad for us. Some people say they are a distraction for our physical and mental health. While I can see how some people might think this, I believe that computers are a blessing for all of society. I believe so because computers can help people learn, stay in touch with friends and family who live far away, and stay organized. Sometimes people are on the computer learning and they don't even know @ CAPS1. By simply visiting the @ ORGANIZATION2 homepage, you automatically see news feeds about events happening around the world. Other times people go online purposely to learn. If anyone is considering going to @ LOCATION1, they will probably go on the Internet to find out more about @ CAPS1. By simply searching for equadore, many choices will bring up climate, seasonal weather, hotel options, and other farts. But that's not the only way people learn on the Internet. Now, many students have the option of taking their courses online. This is because some students like the peace and quiet or have the distractions of sitting in class. Friends can be a big distraction in the classroom, but how can you stay in touch with your friends if they've moved? I remember in second grade my best friend, @ LOCATION2, walking away. I was so sad. I've spoken to her before, but one day our parents set up a video chat for us ! I felt like I was right with her! It was awesome, and I thought about how many people could use it to talk to relatives or friends. Email is another great way to stay in touch with friends and family. Writing a message and sending @ CAPS1 can make contact so easy, and your personal needs can chat and e-mails are an easy thing to send all over the world. So many people like to type on a keyboard too, but so many different papers you are typing could be lost. Personally, I hate clutter, and I have so many school binders to get lost in. That's why I take great advantage of typing my paper whenever I get the chance. My computer keeps me in place because I could never lose my job. Backing up files is a surefire way to keep all of your files safe. Then all you need to do is hit print to get a hard copy. I'm sure a lot of people like to use their computers for the same reason. Plus, I'm a much faster typist myself than I'm a writer, so my job requires a lot of computer work. As you can see, there are many reasons why using a computer is silly for our society. You can learn, stay in touch with friends and family, and stay organized. A lot of people could agree with me. Is not it ?
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 in the society we live in more and more people are using the computer, including me. The computer, in my opinion, has to be one of the best inventions of all time. The downside is that these "exports" think spending time on computers is a bad idea when they can't see the good in computers. The student can use computers to get information about almost anything, you can use a computer to talk to friends and family, and you confuse them as a browser to find directions to a certain place if you can't find your way or you are lost. One of the best things about computers is that you can find various amounts of information. This option is useful for children attending school, who are looking to find information for a certain project that they need to complete. You can also use the information on the computer to investigate if your textbook is not doing you that good. Also, if a student is looking for a job in their area, they search the Internet for jobs that require employees. Computers can also be used for communication. You might have a real lost-to-follow one that you haven't spoken to in a while, you can easily find it on the internet. Online communication is also useful for chatting with classmates if you forgot homework or need help with homework. I'm not a big fan of this, but online chat can be used for online dating if you are lazy to go out. One of my favorite options on the computer is that you can use it to navigate to a certain place you want to go. Let's just say you forgot where a relative's house is, you can easily enter your address and address and easily get directions. You can use this method almost anywhere you want to go. If that hasn't convinced you that a computer is great technology, then you are crazy. Computers are like a magic box that can be used for anything, so I suggest you buy one.
Dear Local Newspaper More and more people are using computers on a daily basis, but not everyone agrees that it benefits society. People who support technological advancements think that computers have a positive effect on people and I agree with some circumstances, but looking at the situation clearly, I disagree because it is better not to spend too much of time on computers. First because it's better for exercising, @ CAPS1 enjoys nature and finally interacts with the family. @ CAPS2 why I don't agree that people should be more on their computers to do better things in life. First of all, because it is useful to exercise. Talk about a walk around the neighborhood of just going for a hike with people you know. Better yet, going to the gym, it's a better way to spend your evening instead of sitting in front of a computer doing nothing but staring at a screen all day and, on top of that, exercising. exercise keeps you fit, healthy, and strong for as long as you live. A computer can just kill you, not actually, but sitting on the computer all day eating when you feel like it and no exercise is what is going to kill you and make you so lazy for doing nothing . I know no one would want this for sure. @ CAPS1, enjoy nature and live life as it should be. The divine creations of nature are the most beautiful thing in this world, don't let it go up to your waist. Jump from a waterfall or go to the park, let the wind hit you in the face. Make your imagination come true and just enjoy nature. Third, interact with your family and friends. Spend time with them and watch movies or sports channels. Go with them for an ice cream. Don't let them feel left out or unloved. The mall is a great way to hang out with your friends or family and go to water parks like six flags or a lake made up of places like nomads or chuckie cheese it's a great way to spend and interact with your family and friends, it can also bring it closer too. This is why I think that being sitting in front of a computer screen all day, first of all is a little time when you go to exercise or @ CAPS1 enjoy nature or finally interact with your family and friends, @ CAPS2 why sitting in front of a computer saves time and negatively why spend your days living life. Technology takes you away from the real things in life. Thank you for reading my letter and I hope you will take it into consideration. Have a good day!
Dear local newspaper, my name is @ PERSON1 I am @ NUM1 and I go to naylor school. I am writing to convince you that computers have a positive effect on people. Please read the following reasons. Computers have a positive effect on people. You are able to communicate with people all over the world. When my brother is using the computer he can talk to my family at @ LOCATION1 I like to use skpye because when we talk to the family at @ CAPS1.R we use a webcam to keep in touch with my family. They teach hand-eye coordination and help me with ping pong. It helps me watch the ball in the computer and I do the same in the wreak. You have a lot of access to different information, my mother found a job in IT. Everyone has access to the weather or the news, some say it's a lack of exercise. People are becoming addicted to computers. Some can become obese and ruin your love life. These are the reasons why I think computers are good for society. This is why people should agree that the technology is advancing. Technology continues to improve.
I think computers are good because you can talk to your friends and family on computers. People need computers to look for jobs. Some people spend too much time on computers and then on homework that people have to stop.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 : Computers have a negative effect on people and allow them to connect with others because they are always on the computer and never outside. My first reason is that computers hurt your eyes after sitting on them for a long time. People I know have complained that their eyes hurt after using the computer. Studies show that @ PERCENT1 of all people who use the computer after a long time are more likely to lose their sight than people who are outdoors all day. Another of my reasons is that people who are indoors on electronics all day are less likely to have good relationship skills. If you don't have good people skills you probably won't have many friends and if you need them it will most likely be by computer. And you never know what they might look like. Plus, if you're indoors all day, you won't get the right size. Exercise could be very bad for you and others. My third and final reason is that people will laugh at you if you sit indoors all day and don't go outside because you are on the computer. If you are on the computer you are more likely to fail in school, not doing your homework or projects, but instead playing games on the computer. And you're more likely to argue with your parents or guardians because you're on the computer and they never see or hear from you. Also, they won't be able to go online and pay their bills which could be bad for everyone. So these are just a few of the reasons I think computers could be bad. Thank you.
The effect of people using computers is not bad because you learn a lot from it. In some ways, when you use the computer and type, typing exercises your fingers. Your fingers will build muscle and teach you to remember where to type without looking down on the keyboard. People who sometimes use the computer are good because if you write letters you don't need to use a pencil, you can just type and print them. Typing does all the work for you, so you won't be spending hours writing to someone. Computers are useful to people, for example, when searching for @ CAPS1 or @ LOCATION1, you can find almost any information on the computer with an instant click. Computers save time and do a lot of work. Computers are a useful technology and one of the best.
People spend too much time on computers. People who spend too much time on the computer don't have time to interact with family or friends. People spent a lot of time on the computer. Children who spend time on the computer have bad grades. They also get tired every time. First of all, people spend too much time on the computer. @ PERCENT1 children spend @ NUM1 to @ NUM2 hours on the computer. I once spent @ NUM3 hours on my computer on @ CAPS1. Lots of kids go to @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 and iTunes. My friend spent @ NUM4 hours on these websites. People spend too much time on the computer. Another reason kids who spend time on the computer get bad grades. @ PERCENT2 children who spend a lot of time on the computer forget to study for the test. Once I spent all night on the computer and the next day I failed a test. Children forget to do their homework. My friend was having so much fun on the computer that he forgot to do his homework. Children should leave the computer and worry about school. My last reason, kids are tired of being on the computer for so long. @ PERCENT3 some children are so tired that there is nothing they can do after they leave the computer. I was so tired of being on the computer for so long that I took a nap. @ PERCENT4 children forget that they have made plans after school. One child was so tired that he canceled the plans he had made with his friends. Children need to get away from the computer. In conclusion, children spend too much time on computers. People spend too much time on the computer. Children end up having a bad grade because they spend time on the computer. In addition, children get tired of being on the computer very quickly. Something has to be done about it.
Dear @ LOCATION1, @ CAPS1, do you think that computers do not help you in your research? Well, if you really think about it, @ CAPS1 Computers helps you out. You can't always wait while watching or staying on a computer. And you can still talk with kids, friends and family on computer. @ CAPS1 you won't if the books contain all the information you need for a school project or your own family history. Maybe the books have our story of wars and our heroes. Give it a try and see if you can find your family's first ancestor. The computer is the reason why we ignore our history and know about actors, slaves, sergeants and more. Have you gained weight just by staying on the computer for too long? I haven't gained a pound or an ounce since using the computer. You can not only gain weight or lose weight just by being on the computer. How @ CAPS1 do you know if the person on the computer is not looking for healthy foods or things that are fat free ? Or if the person eats while on the computer. @ CAPS1 do you get big phone bills just for a two minute long distance call ? Why @ CAPS1 do you think we have enternet websites like myspace, facebook, twitter, msn and many more. Most of my family live at @ LOCATION3, @ LOCATION4, and @ LOCATION2 and just for a call it's like ten dollars for a minute. So that you can be on the internet for about day and night and pay the same price. So which @ CAPS1 you choose, pay over thirty dollars just for a long distance call or stay on the computer. Or get bad marks for doing bad research. The choice is yours, choose now if you talk with your family and friends on the phone and pay your bill money or stay on the live chat how long you want and still get the same bill price .
Dear local newspaper @ CAPS1 here to let you know that the time we spend on computers is necessary because it helps you with information, it helps you become smarter, and it helps you with hand-eye coordination. I will now explain to you why the time we spend on computers is necessary by stating these three reasons. My first reason why I would like to tell you that the time we spend on the computer is necessary to convince you, is that it helps us with information and teaches us things about places, people, culture and more, it teaches us useful information which takes time to learn so the time we spend on computers is necessary to learn new information. My second reason that I would like to say that will convince you. The time we spend on the computer is necessary to help us become smarter. Say if you need help with fractions you can go to a math site, that helps. Computers make you smarter. And at the end of the day, it's about who's smarter, not who exercises the most. My third and final reason why we spend the time we spend on the computer is necessary because it teaches you good hand-eye coordination as it helps typing and becomes faster for experimenting and when you have good eye coordination. hand, you don't make a lot of typos. So I came to my conclusion why a lot of computer time is needed, because it helps to get information, you become smarter and teaches good hand-eye coordination, that's why a lot of computer time is needed, probably even more computer time is required. A lot of computer time is required as you get smarter and it benefits society.
Dear Diary, I have the impression that the Internet or the computers are acting as an advantage in the doppelganger rather than as a problem. They help with schoolwork, like projects or emails. You can even take courses online now ! People also use the Internet for media or just to catch up with their friends. One of the most important reasons for having a computer is school. Like having a project where you need to take notes or give a power point presentation. Another big reason is for teachers. There, computers can help them teach a class in a way that is both fun and easy to understand. The new uplift in computer use has brought about new ways of getting a college degree. Now all you have to do is get to bed, turn on your laptop, and take college classes right on your computer ! I don't know about you guys, but I would much rather go to college from the comfort of my home than go to a campus all the time. Another great use of the Internet is that email to email is making our lives much easier now that more and more people are using it. It can send us school starts as a bashing start or a way to catch up with old high school friends. Another great reason for the internet is to mention or just to have fun and relax. @ PERCENT1 people who have computers use them for multimedia or fun reasons, like games, or to go to youtube. Please add this article to your journal so that the computer can be put out there as an add-on for help, not something that will make the whole world obey because it's not just computers. It is people who use computers who feel they are not exercising, not computers. So why make them uncomfortable.
Have you ever had time to completely switch off while on the computer? You continue at @ TIME1pm and all of a sudden it's seven in the evening. People should spend less time on the computer as they should be outdoors, it takes time with your family, and there are other ways to find information. You should be outdoors enjoying the fresh air and playing sports, not sitting indoors all day with your eyes on a screen. When you're on the computer all day, you're just sitting there. You don't move at all. Seventy-two percent of children who spend all of their time on the computer are overweight. Being on the computer on a beautiful is like blocking birdsong on the first day of @ DATE1. Nature is amazing, and you should be outside enjoying it, not locked in a stuffy room leaning over an artificial machine. People should be spending a lot less time on their computers. When you are on the computer, time flies very quickly. You waste your whole day on it and wouldn't you prefer to do something more fun? You may be alone on the computer in a dark room. You should be with your family and friends. Computers are going to be there for a long time, and when they shut down, it will only be because something better has happened. Your little brother won't be a baby forever, and your grandparents might not even be here tomorrow. Don't want to spend as much time as possible with them? You are changing too, so you @ MONTH1 are going to college or have to move away on business. "They grow up so fast. They are adults in the blink of an eye." my grandmother told my mom. Almost @ PERCENT1 parents feel the same. So don't spend all your time alone with a machine, be with your loving family and be calm at all times. People should spend less time on the computer because there are other ways to search for information and discover new places. There are so many books in the world, on every subject you can imagine. It is better to use books to search for information than to type the word into Google, as it is important to learn how to use an index and find the book on the shelf. A trip to the @ MONTH1 library isn't your cup of sunshine, so if you want to find out more about a place why don't you go ? If you are reporting on @ LOCATION2 for school, it would be great fun to go to @ LOCATION2 for a few days to find out more. And you can take photos with your own camera, not just a photo you found online. It would be a really fun family trip. Even if you do your reporting in such a boring place as @ LOCATION1, you could probably still have a lot of fun spending time with your family. In conclusion, people should be spending less time on the computer and more time outdoors, with family, and in really fun places. Why would you want to stare at a screen all day when you could be having so much fun ?
Dear local newspaper, I am writing this letter to show you how people are affected by computers. It affects people very well and teaches people a lot of things for one technology. Computers affect a lot of people for what they do. Computers have many advantages that people learn very quickly. A lot of people love computers. It is one of the best inventions for everyone in the world. They teach positive things for people to learn. The computer even has a positive effect on people across the world. They teach a lot of things to people who have to learn and who have already learned. Such as hand-eye coordination. When you type words, it teaches you how to see better with your eyes. Computers also give people the ability to see, understand and convey information about people around the world. Celebrities are very popular on computers and other technologies. Computers help you learn things better than any other technology. Everything you can get on any other technology. There is a guarantee that you will find it on your computer. Computers are like other technologies, but in some categories they are much better than others. Computers are very important in life because without computers we will not learn to communicate with each other. If we didn't have phones to use to call someone. On the computer, if you go online, you may be able to speak to someone by their email address. You can talk to someone you haven't talked to in years. You can watch pictures or videos that you haven't seen in years. On computers, you can find information from the news this week or even the day of. In conclusion, all I'm saying is that without computers in this world. How would that be? Most technologies that are not so good computers will be popular without computers. I wonder what it will look like?
Computers are the best tool available to mankind. They give people access to more information than anything else in the world. they allow us to connect faraway places with a single click without a computer, people would never know and learn or do as much as possible without modern computers, airplanes or cars. without a computer this test would probably not exist, so no conclusion to spending too much time on the computer, because there is more to do than can be done in life
Dear local newspaper, Have you ever wondered how to get somewhere and you didn't have a card or @ CAPS1 near you and the only thing that was near you was an @ CAPS3. Well I'm saying you should go there and find where you want to go. Computers are very useful in everyone's daily life, they contain so many interesting facts and stuff, @ CAPS2 again to try to find out where someone lives, it's very easy, go to google and type in the address from someone and go. The @ CAPS3 is also very good because have you ever thought of any of your friends or someone special and you haven't seen them for a very long time and you miss them well, no problem, most of them? computers have some sort of camera. you can video chat or just chat regularly on the internet. This is very useful because even though you can just go on the phone and call them, it is better to do it online because if you haven't seen them you want to see a picture of them, they might just lull you into it. 'send on some kind of chat page or just your email. It's so much better than sending a photo in the post and it takes days for the mail to arrive if you could do it faster online and in video chat it will be better. The @ CAPS3 is also very useful because how about one day you want to go and you don't know what the weather is going to be like, you can go put the TV on and see, but there is so much communication and you can't really see because they move the weather days quickly. On the @ CAPS3 you can type in the weather for a week and it will tell you and you can watch it for as long as you want and it will stay there so you can see the whole week without the screen having a quick picture. is not in bright light or if it is too dark. The @ CAPS3 is so useful. People say it's good to get off @ CAPS3 and take a nature walk outside. I agree with that, but people and kids get exercise walking around the house and going out shopping. Computers are useful and nice and another thing is to say that someday you are online and you are looking at clothes or shoes and want to buy them but you don't want to go to the mall half a mile away. time from where you live, you can just buy them online and they will be shipped to you and you won't even have to lift a finger. They are also good because they have like a dictionary. If you can't spell a word you type it in the best possible way and it corrects your spelling and tells you what the word is, also computers have pictures of everything, if you want to see what something looks like you can grab it and show it to you. with all the facts i have given you i hope you agree with me that computers are very useful, nice and safe.
Dear @ CAPS1 from the company I am writing this letter to explain the many advantages of computers to you. My first reason will be for the many ways computers help you @ CAPS2 believe that people using computers are a great idea. They believe it because computers really make you concentrate and pay attention. This gives you really good eyesight and an amazing hand-eye cord. An important ability of computers is that they are able to tell you about remote locations depending on where you live. The reason people would probably want to visit one of these places on a website would likely be for vacation purposes. My third reason why I think we should keep computers is. There are many websites you can join so that you can talk to your friends as long as they are online. IAM, @ CAPS3, @ CAPS4 exc. These are all great uses for computers. Also people who own a high paying messaging system on these computers that tells them who wants to sell a machine part, or anything that involves business ethics. Now you know my three very important reasons why computers are a great way to get a hand-eye cord. A great way to learn more about other states. And so, you can talk to friends and have e-mail for business purpose. Hope you enjoyed reading this and hope to see you by my side on this topic.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, To begin with, I understand that people don't like computers because they are overused. If computers are that bad then they shouldn't be used, but what I see is that they also do more good than harm. These points on computer well-being are they bring sources, their interaction between people and computers will progress more over time. Even though these people think they are overexploited, they still use them. So even I use the computer a lot, but it could be used for good. First of all, these computers can get from online sources that cannot be found in books. These are search engines where you can find your topics. Then when you find your source, it contains information that could have been ignored. They can show the other side of their story that they didn't tell in the book. your projects that you previously had to go to the library because you can now realize them from home, this in itself is a step that you do not consider. For example, if people are over a lot, @ PERCENT1 of the time is research. In addition, people can interact with friends through the computer. They can talk, send pictures or play games. For example, I play Xbox and often tell my friends about it. Even a video game is fun like being with them, quoted from @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 "I have a computer not for friends, but for work". This shows that even the big important still use it for work. people say using a computer is like learning to ride a bicycle. My mom told me that she met my dad because he fixed his computer at work. So I am here with my parents because of a computer. However, computers are still in their infancy and will get even better. So people who are on have a reason they are on the computer. This breakthrough will go on and on, so there will be no way to stop it, more and more people will participate in it, so there is no chance of stopping the epidemic of computers. Then you will try to stop them with "computers eat your brain". We all know this is garbage. In conclusion, I implore you not to try to change the habits of others. I @ CAPS3 that if people want to use a computer, they can. I say this with sources, friends, and advancement.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 ! I am a @ NUM1 to @ PERSON1 level student. I was reading your article and noticed that you have an article about how people spend too much time on the computer and not enough time going out, exercising, enjoying nature and that it does not benefit society. I strongly disagree with these comments. let me explain ... Having computers certainly benefits all students. Sometimes children forget their textbooks at school. But if they have a computer, they can just search for the information on Google. This way they do their homework and don't have to take a zero. Another thing is, I'm sure you've heard of a website called Study Island. If not, this is a website for all @ LOCATION1 students to take online math, reading, and science courses. They take time, but they count for a large part of our bill. So if we get an @ CAPS2 on study island, we get an @ CAPS2 in one of our classes. Not only does the computer help the students, it helps me in a personal way. I like the piano. But, there are no instructions in my area. However, there is a program on the computer called synewnisia. It helps you to learn all kinds of songs on your keyboard or piano. The piano helps my hand-eye coordination and teaches discipline and dedication. Now, synewnesia isn't the only free instrument learning program. There are many more! It helps people who can't afford lessons, and learning an instrument can help you be successful later in life. Now one thing you said in your article is that people don't exercise enough because they are sitting in front of a computer all day. This is not entirely true. In fact, most people go to the computer to search for diet plans or local gyms. How do I know this? Well one day when I went to google the first search of the day was " diet plan for weight watchers ". Also, my mom uses an online video workout website for her back pain. So, not only does the computer help with dieting, but it can also help with physical therapy. So with this letter, I hope you realize that the computer is benefiting our society, yes, we shouldn't spend too much time on it. However, online learning sessions can be very time consuming. It helps many people find the right spirit and the right workouts to stay happy and healthy.
ARE YOU @ CAPS1 !! Computers are awesome, they are awesome for these reasons @ NUM1. Kids can do homework on computers, you can also video chat with your friends and family as you can search pretty much anything you want on the computer. Computers are great because kids can do their homework there on the computer, that's good because if they forgot their book at school or something, they might just get the answers from the computer . It is also good for business people as they rely on computers for all of their files. Computers are also great because you can video chat with your friends and family. Video chats are great, because if a friend or relative is out of town, they can just bring a laptop or webcam there and then you can talk to them anytime you want. Video chats are also good for business. If the buyer is in another country, they can just video chat all the information. Finally, computers are great because they are very ingenious. There are hundreds of websites where all you have to do is type in whatever you want to know and there will be thousands of links to search for and get your answer. They are also great for photos or maybe even the powerpoint presentation ! In conclusion, computers are great because children can do their homework on them, it's also good for video chatting because the Internet is very ingenious.
Over the past decade, the percentage of people using computers has increased by approximately @ PERCENT1. Suddenly the world and its inhabitants have become dependent on the information provided by computers. The variety of databases and resources, increased communication and computer skills paint a picture and prove that they are indispensable to this generation. Communication by computer now benefits the society which can interact with each other. Personally, I was able to talk and see my family who live abroad thanks to the advanced computer technology. Different communication programs include @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 and e-mail, the most commonly used quote. Without access to a computer and its content, residents find it difficult to integrate into the rest of society. For school events, athletic programs and to keep in touch with family and friends far away. Computers allow all of these essentials to become a part of society and how this generation decided to start our lives. Parents and teens these days have become very lazy about the way they used to behave. They are not interested in going to the library to search for information about people, places and family heritage. Computers have been of great convenience in a person's life by allowing all the information that was once found in books to be contained on the Internet. For example if you are doing a project for school. The internet will give you all the information you need. It is truly amazing how much an electronic instrument can impact and influence a life. As a student, I'm generally curious about what references teachers make and additional information that isn't provided. The Internet allows anyone in possession of a computer to research what they have wondered and give an answer on the subject almost immediately the advantages of the computer can practically cover the few negative effects as it is a means to discover various information on any desired subject. Besides finding information, computers can be used to document your own data. Microsoft has invented several applications that allow you to graph information design presentations and neatly save writing drafts. No one is perfect and is incapable of mistakes. Microsoft helps you take your exaggerated imperfections and hide them by doing things as little as making a neater copy of your essay, or putting your data listings into a graph to make it more viewer friendly. Society has become dependent on sources dispersed through databases on computers and directly examining the negative effects that a computer can have on a person and, therefore, by placing restrictions on this source of information, the society will be able to make the positive gifts that computers have nowadays on our way of life.
in @ DATE1 has become much more advanced. Computers are one of the most futuristic things. The computer is good for connecting with people all over the world. However, computers take a toll on people's lives. Children take time from homework to go to the computer, citizens gain weight and children are kidnapped. School is very important and valuable if you want to be successful in life. However, computers have made it difficult for students to concentrate on their homework. It is a horrible habit and a bad effect on students everywhere. Students' grades will suffer and will not earn class credits if this issue is not mentioned. Obesity is a huge problem at @ LOCATION1, five in ten people @ CAPS1 are overweight or obese. It can lead to death. The problem is, people spend hours on the computer every day. Most of this time can be used for exercise. Exercise can be a huge benefit in someone's life. If this problem is not solved millions of Americans will be overweight, @ CAPS2 is a very serious and dangerous subject. Every month, dozens of children are kidnapped. Since the internet was invented, there has been a twenty percent increase in the rate of missing children who will go to popular networking websites such as @ CAPS3, @ CAPS4, and Twitter and share their important information. Pedophiles use the Internet to trick children into giving out their addresses. This problem must stop and be dealt with by the police. More and more people are using computers every day. Computers have good and bad effects on people's lives. The adverse effects are very serious and dangerous. How would you feel if your child fails school, gains weight, or gets kidnapped because of the computer ?
Dear Diary, I am writing to you about the debate you are having on whether people should use computers. The article stated that "more and more people are using computers, but not everyone agrees that it benefits society." I think people shouldn't be using computers. In addition, the technology has to slow down, it is getting too advanced. My number one reason people have to stop spending time on computers is that you don't always want to say on your honeymoon "we could @ LOCATION1 from our computer. And your life will go by fast and you want to notice it," you are all fat and old. Also, @ PERCENT1 of people who use computers are overweight because they do not exercise. Second, the more technology there is, the less we will have. you feel better when you work and not just sitting at your computer, getting a monthly cheak. In conclusion, you live a happier life when you explore the. In @ PERCENT2 people who use the computer are committing suicide. Also, if that "was the case or for me, I would use computers. Talk all about computers and you will think, but like me, I'm used to being a computer geek.
You @ MONTH1 find it hard to believe, but a lot of people think computers put a negative attitude on people. Now you @ MONTH1 say that's not true everyone has a computer but the truth is they don't and they think it creates a negative attitude on people. People have many reasons for owning a computer and one is friends. Do you @ CAPS5 some people own computers because they want to keep in touch with friends from different states who live far away. For example, many people use @ CAPS1 or @ CAPS2 to connect with friends. I can make a connection because I have both an @ CAPS1 and an @ CAPS2 which I use to keep in touch with family friends all over the place. Some people, like me, even have friends from different countries! I @ CAPS5 that a lot of people want to know more about people from different countries and this is one way to do it right now. I'm learning new things about @ LOCATION1 because I'm friends with someone who lives at @ LOCATION2. During this wonderful learning adventure, you @ MONTH1 even immerse yourself in a vacation adventure. A recent test indicated that @ NUM1 on @ NUM2 people like to travel but don't @ CAPS5 where. Some people say that people spend too much time on the computer but not enough time enjoying nature. These people are wrong if one is on a computer and they are chatting with someone from a different state or country, then that person might persuade them to visit there. For example, they could go to the internet type of the place they want to visit and get pictures and information about the place. As a result, people could still enjoy nature. Sometimes using the computer can be educational. A lot of people @ MONTH1 disagree with this statement, but it is true. For example, when on the computer, many people in their final year of high school use it to take online college courses to graduate because going to regular college @ MONTH1 affects their schedule. It could also help students in any grade to learn more about the subject they are studying. It would also help them in their relationships. For example, they could get photos and other information at any time. As a result, students' marks would increase. I hope many of you agree with my statement and help spread the word that computers could be positive for the mind. Accordingly, for those who disagreed with the claim that they are positive and not negative, I hope you will reconsider your opinion.
Dear @ CAPS1, I agree that computers benefit society. Computers have a positive effect on people like hand-eye coordination. I help you learn more about the religios of other countries, and other things. You can communicate, meet other people and chat with real computers. Another positive fact about the computer is that you can find all the information you need quickly. In other words, the computer is helping a lot of people.
Do you spend all or most of your free time sitting at your computer ? People spend too much time on computers. Obesity is a growing problem in today's society, people need to interact with each other and we need to get some fresh air. The computer ruins these things for people. Disconnect from your computer. More and more people are becoming obese. It's about spending too much time sitting in front of computers. There is absolutely no exercise to do on your computer. People need to go out and jog, play games, or ride bikes. The reduction of computer time would reduce the problem of obesity in our society. Top scientists and researchers say it's extremely important for people to interact with others face to face. Throughout our life we will have to interact and socialize with others. If you don't develop these skills, you won't be happy where you end up. Talking to people on the computer is nowhere near talking to someone face to face. Go out and get some fresh air. Go discover nature. Getting out on the beach, hiking in the woods or even just sitting on the swing in your backyard can be the most. The fresh air purifies your mind. Time says kids who spend time outdoors get better grades than if they were indoors on the computer. People need stress relief, so get out there. Click on turn off your computers and get out of your chair. Go for a workout, go interact with friends and family, or even just go outside and get some fresh air while relaxing. People are wasting too much time on their computers and it throws our society down the toilet, so just shut down your computer.
I think it's okay for people to use computers because they learn new things and meet new people. I don't think it's a bad idea to use computers because some people who have jobs work on computers all day. @ NUM1 everyone sometimes computers can be a distraction, but computers can help you a lot. I think using computers can help you learn new things and meet new people. Slick, slack, slick is the sound of people typing on the computer and meeting new friends and having a good time. When you learn something new, a rat is as big as a house. You are excited and feel that you are the smartest person in the world. I don't think it's a bad idea to use computers because some people who have jobs work on computers all day. I think people who use computers all day while they're at work don't have to be fancy, stylish or trendy, they just work to help themselves and their families. Yes, sometimes computers can be a distraction, but computers can help you a lot. They can help you learn new things, meet new friends, and give you something to do when you're bored. I remember when I was bored and I went to the computer to google who was @ PERSON1 and found out that she was a famous sinner, someone I didn't know but whom I have heard of it. Chantrail @ CAPS1 a student from @ NUM2 says "only people who want to learn something or meet new friends will use computers. If you want to learn something new or meet new people I suggest you stop eating these chips, get off that couch and use the computer.
Dear local newspaper, I think computers have a good effect on people. They are good because you can learn educational things. You can hear the latest stories on everything, and you can keep your information to yourself. Computers are a good thing to have because you can learn information. @ CAPS1 you have a question or don't know what something means, you can find out on the internet. These are Internet sources that are @ NUM1 to answer questions. @ CAPS1 we didn't have any computers, then @ CAPS1 you have a question, so you should go get a book to read and that takes a lot more work. Another reason computers are great is that you can keep up with all the recent stories. You can learn about what's going on in other parts of the world, you can learn about celebrities, and you can watch the weather. You can find all of these clippings on TV, but you never know when they would come out. With computers, you can search for all the latest stories and find cut items when you want to know them. With computers, you can also keep information quiet. You can use @ ORGANIZATION1 and keep everything you need to know in a nice way. You can also do graphics on the computer. This way your graphics will have a good time and @ CAPS1 would tell you that in a @ CAPS1 there were no computers, so your information would not be the same and you could. I believe computers are a good thing to have because you can hear the latest stories and you can keep your own information tidy. I believe computers have a positive effect on people.
Dear Diary I think computers are good for you because you can use internet and myspace and videos and some school work like math and essays so yeah i think computers are good for you because you can do all kinds of things on computers. And computers can help you a lot in school and you can print a lot of things and why computers can help you is with your mathematical writing spelling and most definitely is science and literature. The reason I chose these @ NUM1 items is that you can check out these @ NUM1 items. Computer and get math and spelling answer like reading @ NUM3 helps you write and spell this is one of the reasons i love computers because i can keep reading @ NUM3 and i really like reading @ NUM3 and i like reading @ NUM3 class too because computers sometimes i like reading on computers but not all the time but i have to read this is how i will learn first to read by forcing me to read. This is how I first learned to read on the computer and to train myself. This is why computers are more important to me and search for words.
Dear Diary, People are spending too much time on the computer and it is bad. They should exercise and interact with their friends and family. Having a computer also distracts them from their homework. Computers normally have effects like this on the people who use them. Instead of sitting at the computer, everyone on @ DATE1 should exercise. The @ LOCATION1 is one of the countries with the most overweight people. Lots of teens are inside every @ DATE1 on the computer waiting for their friends' screenames to appear so they can talk to them. They don't need to be completely gone, but while they are waiting for their friend, they could get some exercise. All they have to do is put on some fun music and start dancing, which will give them the exercise they need for @ DATE1. They could also do ten push-ups and twenty curlups, or even more if they wanted. Instead of sitting at the computer, all of the @ DATE1. Having a computer affects the owner because they don't have a lot of face-to-face conversations with friends and family. You can call your friend and have them come to your house instead. If they can stay at home on the computer for hours, they can probably hang out in real life. Instead of discussing the video with your cousins in another state, ask them to come visit you a @ DATE1. This way you can actually talk to them and see what they are doing. You can also play board games, hide and seek, etc. It's a lot more fun to be with someone in real life than to chat with them online. Last but not the least effect computers have on people's lives is that they distract them from school. Once you start chatting with a friend of yours, it's pretty hard to stop. A lot of people don't know how to stop so they don't do the homework they were supposed to do, or they didn't study for the big test on @ DATE1, so they end up failing. Some kids do their homework and one on the computer at the same time, homework is probably bad because they haven't focused enough on it. Having a computer affects your life in different ways, some positive and some negative. It "keeps" you from exercising, it does not allow you to have face-to-face interaction with friends and family, and it distracts many children from school.
Wouldn't it be great to use computers in everyday life ? In this country, we can. You can use it to talk to people you never thought you would see again. Looking at distant places is always an option. You can even just use it to help with your homework. It is possible to locate and search, even going to different countries, even different continents, on the computer. You can buy plane tickets. book rooms or even book tables in restaurants in different countries with just a few clicks. Another thing is that you can search for countries, towns and cities with Google instead of having to go out and buy books. Reading and talking to people from different countries is always an option. To be able to speak. and reading about people and going to countries just at the click of a button is pretty amazing. Computers also allow us to talk and communicate with people when there is no other way. Computers give people the ability to talk and see people they would never communicate with again. An example of this is that my dad hadn't seen his dad since he was two years old, but he started communicating with him and we were able to see him and chat with him through the online chat. So these online chat websites ; ooVoo, facebook, myspce, skype, etc. allow people to reconnect. This perk keeps friendships and relationships going, is it really bad? Computers can help people with homework and essays. For now, they can type and print their essays instead of having to write them down on paper. It helps because first it makes them, it can also be changed faster and easier. They can also get information about what they are studying faster and more efficiently. Instead of looking for a word in a large dictionary, they can use an online dictionary and just type in the word. The online dictionary also has pronunciation help and different languages. It helps a lot so that they can do their job and exercise, enjoy nature or interact with family and friends. Hope you take my opinion seriously and think it's really that bad to use computers for everyday needs ?
Do you think computers affect people's society? Computers help adults first, computers allow you to chat with friends and family. In addition, computers allow you to learn a lot about history. Finally, the computer is a great way to keep busy. The first computer is a great way to chat with a friend you haven't spoken to in a long time. Besides, it helps you to meet new friends and keep in touch with them in the long term. Finally, computer technologies are exceptional because they allow you to chat with your family members across the state via video chat or even websites such as myspace, facebook and twitter. Second, @ ORGANIZATION1 is a great way to learn history. You can find the story on almost everything from the past to the present. You can learn the history of places and events of famous people. This is why I think computer technology is so exceptional, what do you think would happen if we didn't have today ? Finally, the computer is a great way to keep busy because you take the time to research information for school projects. Also, you can spend your free time playing games that help you learn or even book a plane ticket for a vacation. Finally, the technology is there for a reason, so we should be using it for anything like getting up with friends or just researching information on whatever else you need to know. In conclusion, I have just told you why it is good to have computer technology. First of all, it allows you to have friends and family. In addition, computers allow you to learn a lot about history. Finally, the computer is a great way to keep busy. Now I just told you why @ ORGANIZATION1 technology is a great thing to have. I hope to agree with my point of view.
Dear local newspaper @ CAPS1, I am writing to you about my opinion on the effects of computers on people. I believe there can be both good and bad effects. Computers make things easier for people, but they are also too dependent on them. Humanity should use books for research, not just computers. Computers are very useful for people. For example, if you really wanted to see a certain movie but didn't want to queue, people could go to cinema.com tickets and buy their tickets. Then, once you arrive at the cinema, all you have to do is go to the kiosk and redeem your tickets. Another example is that computers allow people to pay their taxes. There is special software that can be downloaded to your computer. Once the software is installed, it will usually walk you step by step through the process of paying your bills. It is much faster and much easier than paying "manually". These are great effects that computers have on people. Computers also have their faults. Over time, computers have made most people lazy. Some people have become too dependent on their computers. Business owners, or businessmen and women in general, are @ CAPS2 on their laptops or blackberries. Everywhere you look there is another adult on the internet or in email. It's not just adults who do it. Students are increasingly dependent on the Internet. For practically every assignment, students use google or bing. Sometimes they use or wikipedia. Students should just take the time to use their extbooks. The student body would rather watch @ CAPS3, play video games, or write text rather than doing homework. This is understood because homework can be boring, but it all pays off. Taking the extra @ NUM1 minutes to use a manual won't kill anyone. No one has died yet from using a book instead of Google. Plus, by using a manual you will understand how to do what you are doing. It's not that bad, is it? Computers, as you can see, have both good and bad effects. It's easy to use the internet for homework, but it doesn't really help. Shopping is fun though. It saves money and gas time. I hope you and the readers of this article see my point of view.
Some people think it's a good idea and it isn't. My opinion is that, I think people spend a lot of time for good reasons. Here are three reasons why, @ NUM1. working adults, @ NUM2. students learning to type, and @ NUM3. communicate with others. My first reason is that parents work on computers a lot. For example, they take care of taxes, paperwork, plane tickets and banking. And these are usually all done on the computer, so it would be easier if people weren't driving. My second reason is that students have to learn to type in order to be able to email or even write on paper. This helps them to develop their learning ability and also, to know how to sing @ ORGANIZATION1. Computers are supposed to be fun for people of all ages. My last reason is that communicating with others is a great skill to have in order to be able to speak in person. Computers help because if you mess up what you're trying to say, you might just erase what you're trying to say. And in person, you can't. You can also make plans with one of your friends on something if they live far away or something like that. In my opinion. I think people should be able to go to computers to work, play games, no sites, and more, only if you have a computer at home.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3 life without computers. There would be no quick access to information, no way to socialize, and no way to protect your health records or other personal information. Without this technology, where would we be? I believe the world benefits from today's technological advances. As a student, the computer is a crucial part of enabling me to do my job. Without the guidance of @ ORGANIZATION2 @ CAPS7, @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5, or other applications, @ CAPS6 would not be possible for me to reach my full potential for missions. How can a student be so sure that their grammar is perfect on their homework without asking a teacher? There is a way. These are the @ ORGANIZATION2 tools. However, the only way to access it is through a computer or the @ ORGANIZATION2 @ CAPS7 @ ORGANIZATION2 tools allow you to check your spelling, grammar and punctuation with the click of a mouse. Computers are an essential learning tool for the school system today. Not only are computers used for education, they are useful in the real world. Many businesses depend entirely on the work of computers. In fact, @ CAPS8 to @ PERSON1 @ CAPS9 @ ORGANIZATION1, a local company "@ LOCATION1" In our work, we are continually working with. this would not be possible without the effort of our typist on the computer. “Businesses @ CAPS6 and businesses across the country are relying on advancements in technology, why change anything ? With many businesses doing that, our economy would fall. It wouldn't help. We all know that Computers and other technologies are great sources of entertainment. What you @ MONTH1 not right now, however, is that they provide a great deal of knowledge to the average person. For example, let's say you've finished watching a movie. Special show on the discovered channel on @ LOCATION2. Want to know more, then pull out your iPod touch. Just connect to the Internet and search for "@ CAPS11 from @ LOCATION3, @ LOCATION2" @ CAPS12 seconds, you would have your information. People @ MONTH1 don't believe it, but it is true that you can learn a lot of information from various forms of technology. You may have all the resources you ever need. s reed right at your fingertips. The IT offer is more than just entertainment. All reasonable people would agree that technological advances are extremely useful to the public. there is so much advice for our daily lines thanks to the computers.
Computers have helped people tramendisly over the past few years. Thanks to computer scientists who found cures for the goddess, jobs have become easier. I believe computers have a basic effect on people. Because they educate people with their work and give people a chance to talk to people who have to pay for anything. If someone goes to a country that they have, they can use the computer to find out more about that country and its culture. Another thing they could do @ CAPS1 is go to a website that could help them find an affordable price. If a @ CAPS1 child reports a country in @ LOCATION1, they can go to the computer to find out facts about that country. Computers tell people about places around the world, you can go to a website that has videos and clips written about what's going on in the world, and find out about current events. My grandma used to tell me stories on @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 before I had computers, now my dad works on @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 and he tells me stories about his day. when you compare the two different decades it says computers help a lot in @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4. Before computer stores had to do calculations in their notepads when giving change to people, now people save money by typing numbers into computers. I think computers have helped people with their jobs. When you talk to someone on the phone, it costs you money. When you just want to see someone, I cost you money to have a phone. with computers, you can send instant messages to people at any cost. If you want to see a friend for her @ CAPS9 but don't have the money to travel halfway around the world to see her, you can video chat with her. Computers help people save money by talking on computers with friends, family, and even coworkers. Computers have been of great use since they were invented. They help people discover places all over the world and whatever else you want to learn. They also make jobs and work easier and also help people save a lot of money by talking to people on computers rather than on the phone. Computers have improved dramatically over the years, screens were so small and you had to press all those buttons just to open it and now computers can be as big as a dish @ CAPS10 and can turn them on from a at the push of a button, who knows what computers will look like in NUM1 years ?
Hello, I decided to write in the journal on the subject of computers and their benefits to society. Computers are powerful machines and can be used to accomplish otherwise thankless and boring tasks. They benefit people in many ways such as they are very useful in business, useful in education, and connect friends and family. Computers are useful in business and are an extremely important tool in a common workplace today, and make work much more efficient than if they did not have computers. One of the reasons that computers are so useful in the workplace is that they can store a lot more data than can be put on paper. In addition, they can complete tasks and processes very quickly, which is important in the workplace. They can also be used to send important information quickly and without much hassle. These are all valid reasons why computers are good for business and help get things done. Computers are important in schools and educational programs today because they can help students work more efficiently. "@ PERCENT1 of all students surveyed said they would rather type a paper for school rather than handwrite, and shows that they value them in their education." said @ PERSON2, teacher at @ ORGANIZATION1. This shows that computers are important to students and are used to their advantage. In addition to students writing papers, computers are used by teachers and school systems for grades, attendance records, etc. Teachers at my school use @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, which are hardware items that are directly connected to computers, and can be used in place of @ CAPS2 white, and I see students getting more involved in class and focusing, because this computer technology is used. All of these @ CAPS3 are reasons why computers are useful in educational processes and should continue to be used. Many people want to be able to talk to their friends and family when they are bored, and thanks to computers, social networking sites, and instant messaging programs, this is much easier. "@ PERCENT2 of teens have at least one social networking site that they visit regularly." said @ PERSON1, a phycologist specializing in adolescents, It shows that people use and love these sites. Families who are separated because an @ MONTH1 recently moved out of the house may want to communicate with each other, and because of computers, they can. There are a number of ways they can use their computer to stay in touch, such as the instant messaging systems mentioned earlier. Being able to communicate with each other makes these people happy and benefits society. All in all, being able to communicate through computers is a pleasant thing for many people and is important to today's society. In conclusion, computers contribute to society in a way that makes it much better for everyone. Whether it's helping businesses be more efficient, giving students the ability to work faster and in a way they prefer, or helping people stay in touch, computers always benefit society. These machines rarely slow people down more than they would manually, and the positive influence they have far outweighs the harm they do.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, "@ CAPS1, @ CAPS1, @ CAPS1" took the floor. "@ CAPS4 oh here is pete." "@ CAPS5, is it getting bigger". "all he does is play on the computer all day." @ CAPS6 is on the increase or the teens of @ LOCATION1 are playing too much on the computer. It must stop. "@ CAPS7 playing on computers is one of the worst things they can do with their time." @ CAPS8 @ PERSON1 from the international health committee. @ CAPS6 will always be obese people all over the world, but over the past @ NUM1 years, @ LOCATION2 has doubled the number of obese @ CAPS7 in all @ LOCATION3. "@ CAPS9 shows that more than @ PERCENT1 of the US population is obese and a lot. American's future is all the obese lazy @ CAPS7 who only wants to sit in front of a screen all day. @ PERCENT2 from @ CAPS7 who don't experience nature to a youngster age never fully appreciate it. playing on computers all day long, they never use nature, they won't care and will pollute even more. Just @ CAPS7 playing on the computer can be very bad for the environment as it is bad for themselves. Not only computers hurt @ CAPS7 and the environment it hurt family and friends, @ CAPS7 who are on the computer all day not spend enough time with family and friends families are supposed to be p rocks and they can't be if someone is playing on the computer all day. Just a few weeks ago @ PERSON2 ray in the field @ CAPS8 that he was grounded because he was playing so much on the computer that he hasn't spoken to his many in two weeks. @ PERCENT3 of people who get divorced are due to arguments over time spent on the computer. "@ CAPS8 @ PERSON3 from the Yale Marriage Research Center. If @ CAPS7 knew that they could get their parents to diversify, they might stop playing on the computer. Therefore, @ CAPS7 shouldn't spend so much time on their computers because of health, the environment, and their families. So it's really up to people to decide, do you want a beautiful, physically fit nation where every family is close or a rundown obese hole in it. wall which is "called" the @ LOCATION4
I believe that computers have good effects on people. Computers allow people to stay in touch with friends or family from a distance. Computers have games for children to help them learn, and people learn new things too. My first reason is that computers keep people in touch. If a family member lives remotely, they can still use email to talk. That way they won't get lost. Also, sometimes friends get away and you still want to keep in touch. Another thing is, if they want to send photos to each other, they can use email. Also, because through a courier takes forever. Please let people keep in touch! My second reason is that computers have games that children play. The games that children play might help them learn more. Sometimes watching TV doesn't help. If they actually play the game and see what they're doing, then they'll get smarter. That's what we want for our kids, right? In addition, children have fun playing these games. Do you really want to take the learning experience away? My third reason is that computers help people learn new things. Like, they could go on the computer and learn what's going on in the world. People can learn new words that they did not know. In addition, the pictures on the computer also help. For example, if someone is traveling somewhere and they don't know the price. They can go to the computer and check, can't they ? So in conclusion, I believe computers are a good use. They help people stay in touch, help kids learn by playing games, and help people learn new things about the world and more. So, I say, please keep the computers. They are not a waste of our time. Turn me!
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, Over the past ten years, technological advancements have completely changed the world. Technology is making people's lives much easier and helping to keep more and more people connected across the world. More jobs are created and help speed up ordinary events such as taxes, messages, news and education. However, many people have proven that excessive use of technology can make teens and adults addicted to the Internet. In this addiction, many people can waste time with their families, time for exercise and time to enjoy nature. Since becoming part of the generation growing up in the age of new technology, I have had first hand experience of the benefits of new technology. I believe that this technology is of great help to today's society. Many other jobs are created with this technology. For example, think about the number of people who could be employed if a new computer system were created. There would be thousands of people working on many things like founder, director, new idea creator or just working in the new business retail store. Running a business or a corporation is a very difficult job to do. But due to technological advancement, running a business can become much easier and less time is wasted. With new technology, people can send emails in seconds instead of running around the office handing out memos. Also for businesses, their company stocks can be updated every minute. These advances will facilitate their operation and make them more efficient. With the advancement of technology, average people can be informed about new developments in the world every minute. So when it comes time to pay taxes, fill them out and pay online. However, there is more entertainment available to everyone. Thanks to new technologies today, people's lives are much easier. They can work faster, complete more tasks, learn more, connect with people around the world, and stay up to date with local and international news. Technology benefits society and hopefully will continue to make life easier.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1's best friend, @ LOCATION2, was once a nerd with no hand-eye coordination, @ CAPS2, he started using a computer and now has better hand-eye coordination than I do. The computer not only teaches hand-eye coordination, but @ CAPS3 empowers people to learn more about distant places and people, and millions of people to talk online with other people. @ CAPS1's friend wasn't the only person learning hand-eye coordination. About @ PERCENT1 people learn hand-eye coordination using a computer. @ CAPS3 may take a few months to learn, but once a child gets to know @ CAPS3 they will be outside for hours. Who wouldn't want to learn hand-eye coordination? In addition, the computer gives people the ability to learn about distant places and people. Computer Engineer @ PERSON1, says : "@ NUM1 out of every @ NUM2 people find out places and people have used the Internet." @ CAPS3 will take a few hours, but you will be educated. Why would anyone think we spend too much time on the internet if we are educated ? Also, don't you have a friend who lives more than @ NUM3 miles from you ? If you do, @ CAPS2 a computer will solve your communication problem. @ CAPS1, @ LOCATION1, lives @ NUM4 miles from me. We communicate via hotmail, yahoo and facebook. Best of all, it's free unlike the phone. Moreover, computer, @ PERSON2 said : " I learned the hand-eye coordination using a computer. More importantly, I was able to give the @ CAPS1 test on time due to information provided by a computer and was able to communicate with @ CAPS1 family. " I didn't want to tell you, but I was also a nerd without hand eye co-ordination and learned just like @ LOCATION2 learned We don't spend too much time, we're just educated.
Dear Diary, In the world of @ DATE1, we depend on computers. The @ DATE1 computers have become the most useful source of technology. We need computers for so many things, and they benefit society. They can help people talk online, are educational, and improve hand-eye coordination. It's amazing how much computers help us so much. We need computers just like we need water. If we didn't, how would we survive? Computers have become the glue of friendships. They help keep friendships when you are not seeing the friend constantly. I have a friend who moved to @ LOCATION1 last year. It was way too expensive to just call or text him. So I stay in touch with her via the computer. Every day we @ CAPS1 and use skype to keep in touch. These cost @ MONEY1 per year. If I were to call her, each call would cost @ MONEY2. without the internet, I seriously know our friendship would fall apart. Computers have been so helpful to many people with this same problem. Computers have become the number one source for finding information. They have become more popular than the library and textbooks put together. So many essential resources are found on computers. Textbooks, calculators and even homework are online. A lot of people say computers aren't educational, but scientists say they can boost a student's grade from an @ CAPS2- to an A +. The teachers say the same too. a classmate of mine said that computers have changed his life. He used to forget to write down his homework, but he looks online and he has it all. Now he knows which pages of the science book to read. If you don't think computers have changed the lives of students, think again. There are also games that improve hand-eye coordination. Many sports teams like the @ CAPS3 use it. There he increased the hand-eye coordination of @ PERCENT1. the team says if it hadn't been for the hand-eye coordination game they would never have won the @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5. this game is also free online for everyone. Everyone who has used it has said that it has really improved their reaction time. The games are also fun and non-violent. They have games like baseball, hockey, and hurdles. This game has greatly improved people's lives. If we don't have computers, our hand-eye coordination will decrease by @ PERCENT2. would you like to be the person who removes the computers ? In conclusion, computers have had a big impact on @ DATE1's society. Computers are educational, you can talk to friends, and improve your hand-eye coordination. Computers have greatly improved our way of life, and it is for the best. If we didn't have computers, friendships would break, grades would drop, and hand-eye coordination would break down. We need computers, they have been so beneficial to billions of people around the world. A lot of people depend on computers. So if we take away the computers, you will lose many lives. No sane person would want to take computers with him. Computers have benefited society in many ways.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1's opinion for using "too much" computer time is an outrage. I think people should have more ideas. Like exercising, socializing with family and friends, and finally, " you have the time " which means doing whatever you want to do indoors BUT the @ CAPS2 computers. For exercise, you can do any sport you like outside. For @ CAPS3 and spending time with family and friends, you can have a nice family reunion at their home @ CAPS5 just "hang out with your friends. Four" time you can draw, @ CAPS5 read a book. There are a lot of ideas instead of "computer time @ CAPS6 hour !" With exercise, you can go out and play sports like basketball, football @ CAPS5, baseball, etc. You can even play hide and seek with your friends @ CAPS5 same tag. Anything that lets you get out of the house instead of using computers ! If you exercise every day, like " training " to get in shape, you will most likely be doing it instead of using " computer time ". Exercise is a good idea instead of using " computer time !" " @ CAPS3 with family and friends is a good use instead of" computer time because you can finally have time to spend time with them and then like talking to them, playing games @ CAPS5 having dinner together. That is. so called "@ CAPS3" Your family @ CAPS5 friends will love spending time together dining together and having a nice chat. You can also play board games such as "monopoly". With your friends you have ran to go to the movies, have a slumber party @ CAPS5 play outside. Lots of great little ideas to do with family and friends instead of using "computer time" WARNING! But @ CAPS2 computer time ! You could do something like draw a nice picture. This is something cool and enough to do instead of using “ computer time .” @ CAPS5, you could even read a book too. You may need to catch up on your nightly readings for r language arts and you want to start reading your goals book. If you choose to do "your time, you will certainly succeed in undoing that unnecessary" computer time "! @ CAPS6 of these" ideas "for not using the computer is very easy. Instead, you can do some exercise. You can also socialize with your family and friends. but don't use computer !!! If you want to achieve a goal, you can manage it !!!
Computers have saved many people money, friends and time. In fact, since computers came out this year, a lot of people are spending a lot of time on the web. Which can waste people time and friends. Computers and technology today have had a tremendous influence on many, many people. Spending too much time on computers can lead to wasted time and money. For example, my older brother was very big at the age of @ NUM1 or @ NUM2 because our computer started to work, but it had a positive impact on him, he started playing sports like basketball and lacrosse and that he was very theirs and followed lacrosse all the way into high school. In doing so, he saves my parents money. This is @ CAPS1 why computers have had such a negative effect on people. New technology has wasted a lot of time for people when they could do things other than themselves. For example, many people at @ LOCATION1 spend half their day on computers, and not exercising are the video games of the day on computers. This is the @ CAPS1 effect that computers can have on people losing or with friends. For example, I used to be friends, but he didn't talk to me most of the @ DATE1 because he was still on the computer, which made me think he didn't. didn't want to be friends but in fact he just deleted almost all of the @ DATE1 on the computer. Since that helped, I've been to his house about @ NUM3 times this year every @ DATE2. This is how @ CAPS1 Computers can change your life. Now is the time to decide whether or not to have a computer. In my mind, I think it would be better for everyone if we didn't have the computers, but if you do that we should have the computers rather than putting some time on the computers. In your so that you and your family members don't waste time, exercise time, or friends. Overall I think it would be better for everyone if we had time on the computers all day on them.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 is called @ PERSON1 and I don't think computers are of great benefit to our society. Computers do not benefit us because they prevent many people @ CAPS3 from exercising and leading healthy lives, playing sports and enjoying the outdoors. Computers prevent many people, especially the younger generations, @ CAPS3 from exercising. Nowadays, instead of biting at the gym, a lot of people are at home on the computer talking to friends or playing computer games. As a result, many people are not as healthy as they should be. It is also recorded that anyone who is on the computer for long periods of time injures their eyes, which leads to an increase in the number of people wearing glasses. If people started doing things outside of the computer, they would live happier, healthier, and better lives. Unfortunately, many young people do not play sports. During this decade, many sports games were released on the computer. Now, instead of forcing themselves to work hard for the space, kids play heartlessly or don't play at all. This is because they can instead work extremely hard on their Custom Teams @ CAPS4 or @ ORGANIZATION1 in @ PERSON2 or @ NUM1. In addition, the computer is not the only electronic system to stop children @ CAPS3 playing sports, xbox, playstation, xbox @ NUM2, psp, @ NUM3, gamecube and gameboy are some of the few console systems that play games that entertain children. I myself was caught thinking of the xbox game more than @ CAPS2's own hackey game ! It is not only that these electronic devices attract children like magnets, but parents alarm their children to play video games or stay on the computer for hours. Many of us don't know what it really is to go out and camp. not spending time with their family. I have come @ CAPS3 on the @ CAPS5 family and many @ CAPS5 families are very close, so it is natural to do things with @ CAPS2 father or brother or together or cousin. However, few families are as close as they are doing something together. If some fathers took their sons fishing or camping it would move them away from the @ CAPS3 computers and the father / son group would become stronger. These are @ CAPS2 sir reasons and they should be thought about long enough. Remember that many people need to exercise, many sports, and many families have been able to experience the outdoors.
Dear local newspaper, I think the use of computers is good and it does not affect exercise, nature and interactions with family and friends. Here are three reasons to support my opinion, people are learning more on the internet, kids in school can go online to find out what was for homework and how the internet is not affecting everyday life. My number one reason I think using computers is good is because people are learning more on the internet, you know what people are saying, you are learning something new every day. Well if you have any questions or are thinking of something the internet can help you find what you are looking for, @ ORGANIZATION1 is a great place to find what you are looking for. It also has its own images if you need an image for your project that you need. My second main reason why internet usage is good is because if you are a @ CAPS1 you can go online to check out what you have for each topic. If you are a @ CAPS1 and don't want to do your recess homework the next day after getting sick. No, you can go online to your school's website and click on your teachers' names to see what you have for homework. This way you can always have time to go out, play with friends, and interact with family members. My third and final reason why internet use is good is that it affects everyday life, in a good way. If you don't have a TV and have no idea what the weather is like, you can go online to see if it's going to rain or snow. It can tell you if you need a rain jacket or jack, if you need to use a shovel or hold an umbrella. The Internet can be useful in everyday life. In conclusion, I think internet usage is very good and will not affect your exercise or your interactions with family. To substantiate this I said people are learning more on the internet now kids can access homework if you missed a day and how the internet is affecting your daily life in a good way.
Do you remember the last time you locked something on the computer ? A lot of people use computers, but not everyone agrees that it benefits society. Those who support a tech trance believe that the computer has a positive effect on people. I support computers because they help with writing, locking information, and communicating. One of the reasons I support computers is that they help me write. You can tell I don't have the greatest handwriting. To help you, I type almost all of my papers. Computers can also help people with spelling and grammar. There are even systems now that allow you to say something and @ CAPS1 will appear on the screen. This is just one of the reasons I support computers. Second, computers are beneficial because of the information they can provide. “Before computers, you had to go to the library and find ten books that might not even have what you were looking for. Now you can find hundreds of articles on any subject within minutes. information available is impossible to imagine. I think computers are a great technology because of the information they can provide. Finally, I think computers are an advantage for us because of communication. A term of communication which came out recently is @ CAPS2. @ CAPS1 is a website that allows you to send messages to friend, share photos, videos and much more. Email allows you to send instantly letters to people via the internet. I could talk endlessly about forms of internet communication. This is the last reason I support computers. Computers are of great benefit to the community. society, they help with writing, communication, and everyone can benefit from computers.
Dear newspapers, computers have been a great source of learning and I think it's time we gave them some reviews instead of worrying about them. I'll tell you how awesome I think computers are. One of the reasons they are so useful is that books don't always contain all the information. So if you need to know a fact or need more information for a project you can go to the computer and it's all there and you will have known more facts than when you started. The second reason is that you can be almost anywhere and have half access to a computer and you might not have a phone, but you can talk or send a message. Not everyone has a phone, but computers are a secondary way to have a conversation with someone. Another reason is that it's not always sunny outside and when it's a rainy day you have a fun way to play and learn without having to be outside. Computers are not a substitute for the outdoors, or exercise is just a hobby when you don't have the opportunity to be outdoors. Hope you liked and understood my reasons and will take them into consideration when considering the topic.
I think computers help people because you can learn more here like @ CAPS1 you want a job you can search computers. Also @ CAPS1 you have a problem they will help you. @ CAPS1 you what to go somewhere you could go and be on the computer and look how it is and @ CAPS1 you like it you could go @ CAPS1 not look elsewhere you what to go. I think it's a good thing @ CAPS1 that you were looking for people in the computer because you could talk to them and see them, that's really cool. You can search your computer for what you want to learn. Like @ CAPS1 you have some faverte person you need to know about, you can search her in computer and her videos or you can search different sites, that's really cool. There are games you can play online, there are a lot of fun learning games and games. Math game science game different games you what. You can also use other people who plan the game like you. It's really cool. I think the computer is not bad for people, the computer helps them a lot.
Dear Local Newspaper, Are Computers a Good or Bad Benefit for Society? What do you think you would always like to be on the computer ? I wouldn't, which is why I think computers have a negative impact on society. The number one reason I think computers have a negative impact is because you can get addicted to always having to be on the computer. Becoming addicted to the computer has serious consequences. For example, you spend less time exercising and it is not healthy for your body physically. Not exercising leads to a lot of things like being overweight, health problems, illnesses like diabetes and many other things, but these are usually the main problems. You can avoid this by turning off the computer and just going for a short walk, but because of what computers have to offer now, people want to do this. This is one of the reasons why computers have a negative impact on society. Another reason computers have a negative impact on society is that you won't be spending as much time with your friends and family. Even if you don't know if you spend more time on the computer than with your family and friends, it affects them in several ways. They may feel disappointed and worried about you, even worried. When you are still on the computer, you ignore your family and it hurts them emotionally. Think about how it would feel if you had a best friend who you always hung out with. You've done it all together, and all of a sudden your best friend suddenly stops calling you ; or visit you and spend time with you. You would feel disappointed because you lost your best friend to a computer. These things can happen if you go too far when using the computer. That's why I think computers don't do good, they do more harm in my opinion. The last reason I say computers aren't very good is for one main reason security. Nowadays, computers have all the websites like @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, Twitter and others. There are so many kids chatting with people they don't even know. Plus, they post photos of themselves without even thinking it's a dangerous thing to do. Once you post those photos, they'll still be there no matter if you even try to delete them. Another thing when you are on the computer, people don't even think about their security and that's how it is. For example, you may think you are talking to a friend, but it turns out you are talking to a stranger. Then you're going to find your friend when it really wasn't. So you see that security is a very big issue with these computers. That's why I think computers have a really negative impact on society. As a result, do you still believe that computers are a good or bad benefit for society ? My opinion is still the same and I'm sure there are others who believe the same. This is why I believe that computers are a bad benefit to society, and that computers can cause more harm than good to the people who use them.
Dear Diary, @ CAPS1 Computers are becoming more and more part of everyday life, people are starting to wonder whether or not they are having a positive impact on people. Computers are a technological wonder that has a positive effect on people. The World Wide Web, unlimited socialization, and simulations are just a few of the benefits of computers. The Internet provides access to the whole world. Endless amounts of information can be found on your computer. “@ CAPS2 in almost every day the school relies on the Internet for information, said education secretary, @ PERSON1. Search engines also provide access to thousands of information-laden pages. In addition to unlimited information, the web contains thousands of different web pages. With these people can learn about the opinions of others or spend time playing games. The web is only one thing among hundreds great things about computers Socializing is a great moderator lifestyle Web cams @ CAPS1 on computers allow people to talk with friends who live miles away. plane to talk with friends halfway around the world. In addition, instant messaging and email is the primary communication system for thousands of people. It is the most efficient way to talk to friends. isp t, I reconnected with a lot of people that I haven't spoken to in a long time by receiving emails. Everyone loves to hang out with their friends and family and this is made easier by using computers. Simulations are a huge advantage of computers. There are many simulation programs that are used to help people with their lives. Many Professions Using Computer Simulations To Help Learn To Do Their Job Nine out of ten medical schools use simulated surgery @ CAPS1 as part of their training. In addition, simulations and computer games are of interest to many people. I myself have a greater interest in history now after playing many historical themed computer games. In addition, many computer games and simulations have helped many people learn new things, @ CAPS3 are countless computer-accessible learning games and simulations. Simulations add huge benefits to owning a computer. @ CAPS1 technology allows people to open up to many possibilities. Aspirate @ CAPS1 information via the web, unlimited socialization and simulations. The advantages of computers are many and the problems few. So how can you stay in a world where computer users have the advantage if you deny the advantages of computers? Computers affect people in a positive way.
Computers. One of the most popular technologies. But it is also one of the many distractions. Many people wonder if computers are really beneficial. I am one of those thinkers. I think computers don't always benefit society. They have loads of distractions like Facebook, online games, and even inappropriate pictures and videos. If you really think about it, are computers as good as we think they are? My friend, @ PERSON2 just got notified about Facebook and got a subscription. It just started out as a ' no big deal' kind of thing . She would log in often, just to check her status and if she had any messages in her inbox, and it's @ CAPS2. But then she was hooked in her own right. She applied for @ CAPS2 clubs and groups, and she started falling behind in school. She was getting a plethora of @ CAPS1 on most of her tests after not studying because she was spending almost six hours a day. @ PERSON2 would come home and not even bother to do his homework, but get on the line immediately. After a month of joining, she was failing @ CAPS2 from her classes and her mom removed her computing privileges. See, she got distracted by a little thing, and her whole life was almost destroyed. "But mom, I'm playing! And I'm winning!" @ PERSON1 said vistoriously. @ PERSON1 loves online games, and he almost saves @ PERCENT1 time. But, that is not the point. He plays @ CAPS2 the TIME games. The game of @ PERSON1 interferes with the interaction between him and his family. He @ CAPS3 has not played with his four year old sister, @ PERSON3 since he was two years old. her mother also often dines alone. Sometimes he even sees inappropriate photos when his mom is shopping. When he's playing a game, a girl @ CAPS4 him, "@ CAPS5 in my picture. They're hot! And he looks at them. He thinks they're harmless but that's not what his mom thinks his life is. family and social. Most people think that computers are good because you can find interesting information. But, you can get @ CAPS2 kinds of information from books. Instead of typing "@ ORGANIZATION1" you can just @ CAPS5 for that in a library. It takes less time and you won't get carpal tunnel that easily. See? Computers are not as beneficial as most think. There are types of distractions @ CAPS2, and these are just a few.
Dear Diary, "@ CAPS1 no !" I forgot the definition of this homework problem and I don't have my grades. Now in this situation a computer would be very useful for just typing the word and getting a whole bunch of results. This is why I think having access to a computer is very useful at all times because you can find the information you need. can just go to the computer and find out things you haven't known @ MONTH1. , you can still search for it. For me most of the time I just need info about maybe a sports player or facts about a famous event. Since our technology is so up to date, the computer is there, sitting there with a lot of the useful facts that we would like to know. are a big part of my life and I just love to talk to them and see how they are doing. Again, our technology is so advanced now that there are a bunch of websites where we can talk and see how we're doing. One of the main reasons it's helpful to be able to talk to friends and family is to talk to people who are very far away and people you don't normally see. On a computer, you can talk to people not only from all over @ CAPS2.SA but even from other countries ! Finally, the times when I find having a computer around me the most useful are when I'm bored of doing nothing ! I can just visit a bunch of educational websites about things I learned in school or wanted to learn @ MONTH1. On the internet there are a lot of things to keep you busy like games or you can even watch movies from home on the computer! If you have a computer in your house, you shouldn't be bored because there is a lot you can do or even learn! Having a computer in your house is so useful that you can have fun, but you will even learn to be good with technology at the same time. Computers are the future and that's a good one. So I suggest you grab one and have fun, you won't regret it.
Computers benefit society. They have changed the world a lot. There are a lot of things you can do on the Internet. On the computer, you can chat with people everywhere. The computer helps the world. These are ways that computers benefit our society. There are a lot of things you can do on the Internet. You can play games with people. You can talk to people on some websites. You can search for vaction places. If you are bored of being at home, just go online. These are things you can do on the Internet. On the computer, there are many settings. Of all, the cat is the best. You can play a game and continue chatting. If you are chatting with someone, you can always chat with another person. You can chat with people all over the world. This is why the cat is the best framework. The computer helps the world in several ways. It helps children if they need to look for something. It helps the cops catch the bad guys. The computer helps parents get their kids through vacation announcements. It's because the computer helps the world. The computer benefits our society. It changed the world. You can do a lot of things on it. On the computer, you can chat with people from anywhere. The computer helps the world on a daily basis. This is how the computer benefits our society.
Dear @ CAPS1 and @ CAPS2 from @ LOCATION1 @ CAPS3 I think computers are a good thing to use. I know some people use the computer instead of exercising or exercising, but not everyone does. The computer is a good resource in which to invest time. The effects of computers on people are good (for the most part). The statement is true, people who use the computer can talk with people online and get information faster than at the library. I believe that the effects that a computer has on a person are good effects. When people use a computer they can get information for research and work (word) This is because when you are on a computer you can just relax but get a quantity of work available. You can also do things while you are on the computer, hold your dog, hold your cat, eat, drink, text, call. It's very multi-proposing (using). But some computers are a bad thing because it's not because the very expensive and the same ones don't have the money to buy a computer, but if you do, you because they are people or by example @ CAPS4 cheated and not a computer he just might get rich and rumors because the computer is what he needs to be successful with Microsoft so computers are useful and the effect they have on people is positive.
Dear Diary, I think computers are great. It really helpful. They can teach us things. Plus, they have fun games and websites which is always a plus. Computers are useful in a lot of things like if you need to search for something for school you can just go to the computer and find it. Internet and use the book online. Did you know that @ PERCENT1 of @ CAPS1 students use the Internet book rather than taking the actual book home. Also, if you forgot to write down your homework, there is a website to find all the homework you have. Computers can also teach us things. There are websites that offer math games and school related stuff. Also you can easily go to google and search for things and they can give you thousands of information. Finally, the internet is a good source of entertainment, they have millions of internet games and fun websites like Facebook. Did you know that @ PERCENT2 of @ CAPS1 students use the computer for games and online conversations. It also gives kids plenty of things to do on a rainy day. Whether you use the internet for the utility of its resources or just for fun games and websites. Computers are really useful.
Dear local newspaper ; @ CAPS1 do you know that computers teach you to do a lot of things? You probably do ! I understand that you would like to know my opinion on whether or not computers have a positive or negative effect on people. Well I think it has a positive effect. Computers teach you to type and learn the reading keys. It also helps you find things like people, states, etc. Finally, it helps you interact with other students when you are not at school. I encourage you to keep reading to hear my wonderful and strategic ideas. First of all, I think computers have a positive effect on people because they give you the learning skills to learn to type. it was about learning to type. He told us the master keys were. A, @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3, @ CAPS4 and @ CAPS5, @ CAPS6, @ CAPS7 and colon (;). It was very helpful. From there I typed like that. I think learning to type is a great thing. Typing helps you if you want to become a secretary or even a newspaper editor. My mother is a secretary in town in the low form called: @ ORGANIZATION1. She works for three houses, so she learned to type very quickly. Typing is a big part of your life. You can use it for a project you need to do in class or for an essay you need to type in to apply for a scholarship. Typing is used everywhere, even in math class, my teacher types things up and places them on @ CAPS8 @ CAPS9. Additionally, computers have a positive effect on people as they help to search for famous people, states, countries, etc. I remember on @ NUM2 grade I @ CAPS1 a project on @ CAPS10, and in @ NUM3 grade I @ CAPS1 a powerpoint on I also did a project on @ LOCATION1 in class @ NUM1, I have @ CAPS1 one on @ PERSON1 this year for music, and I'm starting one on @ LOCATION2 and @ LOCATION3. As you can see I have used a computer pretty much my whole life except when I was a baby but now that I think about it when @ CAPS11 was a baby I got a little fake computer. I know computers are @ LOCATION1 but they have a positive effect on people. When was the last time you needed a computer to help you find something or someone ? Priority not so long ago. Computers are the real dael. They can help you do anything. They have helped me all my life. To continue, computers have a positive effect on people. They help to interact with other students and family members, when they are not in contact. I remember when my cousin moved. I was so sad. I didn't send him away. So she gave me her email to contact her on the computer so that I could talk to her. The computer has many websites that users can interact with, such as : @ CAPS12, @ CAPS14, @ CAPS13, aol, msn, yahoo, g-mail, twitter, and many more. i love talking to people from all over the country. I talk to my friend when I am at home. i talk to family members. My favorite website is @ CAPS14. I am fond of it. It's great fun at @ CAPS2. Do you have a favorite interaction website ? @ CAPS1 do you have any interaction websites ? If you don't, you should get one. This is why computers have a positive effect on people. In conclusion, I think computers have a positive effect on people. One because they can interact with others. Two: they can look for things to help them. Third, they can develop a sense of typing. Thank you for reading my letter which I am sure convinced you to agree with me on how computers have a positive effect on people.
Readers of "@ LOCATION2 @ CAPS1" should be well informed about the benefits of computers to society. Not only do they teach hand-eye coordination, but they give people the opportunity to learn about faraway places and provide an easy way to communicate online. Nowadays, good coordination is essential for the prosperity of society. The use of computers can both establish and improve hand-eye coordination in the comfort of your home or workplace. Dr @ DR1, @ ORGANIZATION1 Medical Center, says a recent study shows that @ NUM1 out of every @ NUM2 computer user has better hand-eye coordination than people who do not regularly use a computer. At a local elementary school, students started “ @ CAPS2 for Learning, ” a program that promotes fast typing. School officials have seen a dramatic increase in children's typing speed since the @ DATE1 program began. In this way, the computer provides a secure route for better hand-eye coordination. More importantly, the hand-eye coordination obtained through the use of a computer can increase the chances of obtaining a job involving computer hand-eye coordination in adulthood, such as the position of secretary or graphic designer. While hand-eye coordination is a factor in computers that has an extremely positive effect on people, the ability to learn distant places with the touch of a keyboard is even more beneficial for all users. Websites like Google and Yahoo can find millions of results in seconds if you search for the name of a city or country. It can also be useful when working on school projects ; instead of having to lug dozens of books home to complete an essay on @ LOCATION1, you can simply search for the information on a computer in your home. When summer arrives and the last school bell rings, you can instead seek out places far away that could turn into vacation spots instead of homework. All travel information, from plane tickets to the right currency, is right at your fingertips on a computer. If the readers of "@ LOCATION2 @ CAPS1" were aware of this, many problems would be avoided and a lot of time would be saved. The only component of computers that is used even more than research is online communication. State officials, governors, and even the president can post messages on websites that citizens can visit while checking the weather or their email. It's a much easier way to hear government statements than to wait for endless commercials to hear @ CAPS4 speeches. Social networking sites are also extremely popular, and on pages like Facebook and Twitter, you can reconnect with people that you don't get the chance to see every day, or who don't lie in relative terms. If your cousin goes to school abroad and doesn't have access to an international phone, you can email him on the computer, and it would be like he never left. It's ludicrous to think that anyone can find computers - the gateway to faraway places, good hand-eye coordination, and connection with ten distant friends and family - of concern to society. They are helping the city in countless ways and the readers of "@ CAPS5 @ CAPS1" should be aware of them.
Dear journalists, I am here to tell you that computers have a bad effect on people. Computer @ MONTH1 contains a lot of information, but does it always contain the correct information ? There are many other things you could do besides lying on the computer. In addition, the computer is very entertaining. Computer @ MONTH1 is giving you wrong information. Instead of going through the process of turning your computer on, finding the information and turning it off takes longer than finding a book, opening it, finding the information, closing it, and putting it back. Books are more often correct. Computers take a long time to find in a book. Computers give you too much information than a book. There are plenty of other things to do besides playing on the computer. You can read a book or draw. You can also play outside and shoot a basket or ride a bike. You can call your friends and play with them. If you are really bored and don't know what to do, invent a game. Sometimes computers can distract you. If you want to do your homework and have a computer, that takes you off the topic. If you are working with a computer, this is tempting. Even the other people on the computers are distracting. if you are working on a computer it doesn't take much to take the thing you need to search like @ ORGANIZATION1 and change it to something you want to search for like @ ORGANIZATION1 company. Do you see what I mean by negative effect ? It doesn't always give you the right information, you might be doing better things in life and it's a lot of fun. This is what makes the workers procrastinators and the lazy ones. Computers have entered our world and have changed all of our lives! Computers have made a big change in everyday life. Please agree with me.
Although some people believe that computers turn our children into zombies, I do think they affect us in a positive way. Computers can help us explore faraway places we never go @ MONTH1. Maybe help us connect with an old friend or just a little help with homework. One of the reasons I think computers only help us is that they help us explore other places. I know for a fact that every child dreams of a place they would like to visit. But we can't afford to travel far at all. However, most families have computers. With these computers, children with the permission of their parents can use the Internet to learn tons of interesting facts about their place. “I always wanted to go to @ LOCATION1 but my parents just didn't have the right income,” said @ PERSON1 from @ CAPS1- @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 school @ CAPS4 I used my @ CAPS6 and the internet to find out . HUNDREDS of amazing facts about it. "@ CAPS4 As you can see, computers can help people make their dreams come true. Another reason I think computers are good is that they help you to connect with friends. If you're like me, you love talking to your friends. A @ CAPS5 ! But sometimes they're too far away to call if you don't want to pay for it. A solution than a wonderful new machine called. The @ CAPS6 ! You can chat long distances without being for it. This is especially good for me because not too long ago one of my best friends moved to @ LOCATION2. thought I would never talk to him again. Then I heard about @ CAPS7 @ CAPS8. It lets you talk when you want, when you want ! Now my friend and I can keep in touch and @ CAPS4 can -you ! My last reason I think computers are good, it ' is that they can also help you with your homework. Even if you have a tricky math problem that you can't figure out How about the capital of a visiting state slipped your mine? Well, the @ CAPS6 can solve both of these ms and more problems ! @ PERCENT1 computers these days have a soft wear that comes with a calculator. For the other @ PERCENT1, you can download and install software on your @ CAPS6 for a small fee. And every @ CAPS6 made in this world has Internet capabilities. All you have to do is turn it on and get ready for a ride! @ CAPS4 don't worry about overusing @ CAPS6, because computers can only help us avoid hurting ourselves. @ CAPS4 Remember, computers help us live our dreams to the fullest. they also help us connect with each other and help us excel in school. @ CAPS4, go ahead. Have you used your @ CAPS6 today ?
The use of computers is quite correct. It's useful, you can discover new things and much more. Computers make people's lives so much easier. Computers can help people in a wonderful way by finding things that you desperately need. As if you were a student and you had to write an article on @ PERSON1. The computer has the Internet and it likes billions of @ PERSON1 facts and a lot more information on everything. It can also come in handy when researching the weather, the news, even things going on in the world, and even answering your questions. Discovering things on the computer is something that happens every day. For example, I read an article about @ CAPS1 and @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 the next day, my teachers gave us a quiz about it and I got @ NUM1. If a computer can get an @ NUM1 when it tests, think about what else it could do for the world. It might even help save lives. Of course, a computer can help. The same way you play yesterday's match score, see what's going on in your community, watch videos, listen to music, talk to your friends, parents get info about places, medical stuff . A computer can do virtually everything from finding scores to playing games to saving a life. Using computers is, of course, the best decision.
Dear local @ CAPS1, I think computers are of great benefit to society. Most of what we do today could not happen without computers. Communication is the biggest use of computers. If you are at @ LOCATION1 on a business trip but need to send a letter to your company, you can send an email which is much cheaper than paying as a part of @ CAPS1. Experts worry that people are not spending enough time with family and friends. Many people communicate with their family and friends through computers. I would still have a hard time talking to my cousin if I couldn't go to facebook. I should have waited another month to find out my other cousin was engaged if I didn't follow her on @ CAPS2. If the problem is face to face contact, the computer has a remedy for this as well, a video messaging site called ooVoo. Another way that computers enable communication is through information sharing. Many facts needed in school are spread across hundreds of books. During @ CAPS3 I researched for a project and was able to get information from @ ORGANIZATION1 and @ ORGANIZATION2 on crime statistics. Often times, finding an animal will take you online, as more modern books mention a good website to go to for more information. Without @ CAPS3, a simple research project could take months. Some scientists believe that people are spending too much time on the computer. It is both true and false. Sitting at a computer watching youtube for hours on end isn't necessarily the best thing. However, the @ CAPS4 is also intended for the computer. The @ CAPS4 has designed a game so that you can have fun while exercising. Computers are like chocolate. They can be good, but too much is a bad thing.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, In this new digital age, computers are becoming more and more advanced. Now you can do just about anything with computers, from talking to people to discovering faraway places. Not everything is as wonderful as it looks, even though people's lives have been ruined by the Internet. It is for this reason that computers are not an advantage for our society. With computers we can learn anything, go shopping and contact friends. For many, this removes the purpose of going out. You can live your whole life indoors. This lack of exercise can lead to obesity. Plus, living this isolated lifestyle can sever ties with your friends and family. In order to use computers wisely, we must learn to balance computer time with an active lifestyle. The problem is, not many people do this. In addition, it is known that too much going online produces a second life. With websites like @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, and @ CAPS3, you can have a whole different online life, with friends you've never even seen before. Sometimes we even know that people think their online life is better and get carried away. Take @ CAPS4 from @ CAPS5 for example. It is very popular, but also extremely addicting. Some gamble until their whole life is spent gambling. Ditto with @ CAPS6 from @ CAPS7. This obsession with online games or @ CAPS8 is not the reason the Internet was designed. In addition, people's lives and reputations have been ruined by computers. Cyberbullying is spreading like wildfire. Its anonymous, and can be detrimental to the lives of others. Internet videos of people acting like idiots never go away. There is a video of a college boy playing with a golf room scavenger like asword called @ CAPS9 kid. The video has been viewed over @ NUM1 million times. The guy in the video was made fun of for years, sued the people who put the tape online, and was forced into depression. To take this further, people can literally lose their lives with computers as well. Identity and credit card theft is on the rise. Even my dad had his credit card account stolen last year. Computers have to help, but they can hurt a lot more. In conclusion, computers are a detriment to society. it can hurt people, be addictive and isolate your life. It is certainly not the reason that something can help society. Really, it's a good thing to let people use it.
Dear @ CAPS1 : Have you been sent a picture of a @ NUM1 year old child without clothes ? Well if you have it it's called sexting. It can be placed on the computer or any type of device. People should stop using computers more as this can lead to bad things like sexting teenagers, bad for younger ones, and teens might be, talking to someone they don't know not. Lexi @ NUM1, says "she got Facebook messages on her cell phone from other teenagers who apologize." @ PERCENT1 of the adolescents of the population @ LOCATION1 have a conversation @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3 and @ CAPS4. Any of these websites can upload photos to their mobile device. It got out of hand and everything on the computer now will be forever. More children under @ NUM3 are on the computer. Where there are chat rooms where they can interact with others. For example, @ PERSON1 is a kids game that has chat interaction, where you can talk to anyone. But, we create this @ PERSON1 for you, your child must give parents an email address where they must read the following terms to choose for their child. But, most parents don't even read it. @ PERCENT2 of these parents just accept these terms and don't even read them. @ PERSON2, was followed home after soccer practice when a man of about @ NUM4 "and about @ NUM5 said" @ PERSON2 come get some candy "@ PERSON2 said" how do you know my name " ?" @ CAPS5 said because I play with you all the time "@ PERSON2 quickly ran home and @ CAPS5 told his parents. @ PERSON2 is playing on @ CAPS6 another attraction game and said to that stranger @ CAPS5 lives in field @ LOCATION2 and @ CAPS5 goes to @ LOCATION2 @ CAPS7. Giving strangers gives you information they can track you down and find the street you live in. We need to keep our kids safe and away from computers, so sexting, and young children stay away to stop kidnappings Help @ LOCATION1, @ CAPS8 to become a safe place for our children.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 do you know how much time you spend in front of the computer? Well, get up and go outside. This is one of the reasons I think people spend too much time on it. The other reason is that your eyes can go bad. It's a beautiful sunny day, don't waste your time on the computer! Go outside! All of the kids @ CAPS1 sit at the computer all day without exercising. Did you know that @ NUM1 on @ NUM2 kids who sit at computers all day earn at least @ NUM3 ? @ PERSON1 told me. I mean, I believe him because his real kids don't get up. A beautiful day is missing, would you like to miss a beautiful sunny day? My last reason is that children's eyesight can deteriorate. I mean having them staring at a screen all day is bad. @ PERSON1 told me that if you were on the computer for @ NUM4 hours on the computer for @ NUM4 hours in a row, your eyes could get worse. I remember a little while I was on the computer for @ NUM4 1 / @ NUM4 hours my eyes were killing me everything I blink. I know the computer is fun to play games, talk to friends, but you should take a break and @ CAPS1 something ples. In conclusion, go outside and have fun! @ CAPS1 you want to spend a beautiful sunny day staying in the doors hurting your eyes? I know I @ CAPS1 !
Dear local newspaper, Have you ever been somewhere, taken pictures and posted them on the computer ? If you have, you will remember where you visited. But at least you went to @ ORGANIZATION1, or @ LOCATION1 or somewhere. There are people who are on the computer all day. Instead of experiencing nature and being taken by @ CAPS1 life brings them they are on facebook or youtube all day. It turns me off because there are a lot of fun, beautiful and entertaining things to do. In @ CAPS2's opinion, I think computers have negative effects on people. People miss out on enjoying nature or interacting with friends and family. Some people stop exercising and it hurts to see obese people sitting still and doing nothing for their lives. I would first like to talk about obesity. Did you know that @ PERCENT1 children are obese from an early age ? Computers are replacing exercise for a young boy or girl. They should go out and play sports like basketball or football. Another thing is these gaming websites. Children are so caught up in a computer game that everything around them disappears. All they care about is winning the game. While playing this game, they could eat doritos. Sooner or later five pounds are gained. Then they will regret not exercising and not being able to move. Later in life when things go wrong for them, they will realize how many fantastic things they have missed. Then they will say "@ CAPS1 did I do this with @ CAPS2 life?" The next point from @ CAPS2 shows that people don't appreciate nature. Have you ever taken a nice walk in the park? I know I have. Well, people just sit all day peeking out the window, but don't think about going out. Nature is beautiful, smells good, even refreshing at times. But no. People sit on it all day. On the computer doing absolutely nothing. Why can't they go out for a walk or a jog? People can see animals like squirrels climbing up a tree. How cute. But instead, they're playing a virtual game where you shoot squirrels with a paintball gun. So much is missing because of computers. As much as not enjoying nature upsets me, so many people get rid of their own families just to watch a replay of Family Guy on youtube. @ CAPS1 have we arrived ? Some children hit their parents because the parents turn off the computer. I prefer to have a meal with the @ CAPS2 family, then sit back, relax and talk. Additionally, some people don't sleep because they are "doing something important" and miss a family trip or even school. In conclusion, I think computers are bad because of obesity, missing nature, and not enjoying the company of family and friends.
Dear local newspaper, Experts shouldn't worry about other people staying on the computer for a while. Maybe people know what they are doing and have to stay on computers for a long time. They might also like to learn things they had never thought of learning. Most people try not to be overweight. Experts shouldn't try to have fewer people on the computer. One of the reasons is that people can chat with each other. They can be friends, families, etc. Around @ PERCENT1 people are chatting online with family or friends. The cat can also help you in an emergency. You can tell someone what's going on and call the cops. Without a doubt, chatting online is a great way to use the computer while you are at it. Another reason is that you can research everything you need to know. Maybe if you need to look for something for school, the computer can help. It can have positive effects on people. It can make someone a better person. You cannot agree that looking for anything is a fantastic way to use a computer for a while. A third reason is that it can teach you hand-eye coordination and gives people the opportunity to learn more about distant places and people. Learn things you never dreamed of learning. There are a lot of people and places in the world that you still need to know. Is it any surprise to you that almost everyone and anywhere who is famous is on the internet. Another great idea is to use the computer in this way. These are all great ways to use the computer. Being in the field for a while is not a waste of time. People can spend their time wisely on the computer. Surprisingly, it is true that all the reasons are good at the moment on the computer. So you should try to get people to be on the computer less often.
Dear Local Newspaper, Have you ever been late for a party and found that you don't have directions to the person's house? Have you ever had to write an article and there were no books or encyclopedias available? Or have you ever wanted to find an old friend? @ CAPS1 you answered yes to at least one of these questions, chances are you have used a computer in your lifetime. Computers have positive effects because they can give you a fast and reliable @ CAPS2 and that can be fun too. To get started, let's go back to this example in the paragraph above. Have you ever been late for a party and found you don't have the management of the person's house? @ CAPS1 that you have, there are two things you can do in this situation. You can call the person who probably doesn't want to answer because they're having fun with @ CAPS4 at their party, or you can go to the computer, type in the person's address and you'll have your directions in seconds. Call me crazy, but this way sounds faster, more efficient, and more reliable. My mom always tells me: "@ CAPS1 you have @ CAPS4 having trouble finding @ CAPS2, go to the computer" because she knows there are all @ CAPS2 in the books on @ CAPS3, and more . And it's just a click away, @ CAPS4 sold this, the computer has a positive effect on you because it gives you a fast and reliable @ CAPS2 Plus, computers have a positive effect on you when you try to to have fun. For example, @ CAPS5. @ CAPS5 is used by teens and adults alike, and for one reason only, to socialize with friends via a computer. @ CAPS1 you on another date and wait to see what your last friend is the best thing to do would be to go to @ CAPS5 and ask A @ ORGANIZATION1 shows that in a family of five four of them are using the @ CAPS3 to communicate and socialize with friends. Obviously, this is how computers have a positive effect. Bottom line, whether you're bored at home and it's a rainy day, or @ CAPS1 has to read a research paper you saved until the last minute, a computer will be there for you. The positive effects of computers are that they are fast, reliable, and fun to use.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 has been an argument for whether or not computers have a positive effect on people. Some believe that computers have negative effects on people, such as spending too much time, not exercising, and not interacting with family and friends. However, I think computers have a positive effect on people because they teach hand-eye coordination, allow people to know distant places and to talk online. In conclusion, computers have a positive effect on people. Did you know that hand-eye coordination can sometimes come in handy? Well that's true because if you are in distress and the phone is broken and you don't have a cell phone, send an emergency email to one of your friends to let them know. to call all and since you have hand-eye coordination you can type without having to look down. Plus, if you're in college and have an important essay for tomorrow, hand-eye coordination can really help you take notes without having to go back to writing paper. Finally, with hand-eye coordination, it can help you join the army, because if you spot a threat you can aim and shoot quickly without having to take out the weapon after threat attacks. In conclusion, computers teach hand-eye coordination. Have you ever dreamed of going to another place? Well, with computers you can do that, you can just search for the place and see what the place has. Moreover, if you want to learn to speak a foreign language, all you have to do is type the language with a question and search it's so easy that a baby can do it. Finally, if you want to learn how to cook like in spoofed places, type in the type of food or its name and search. In short, computers allow people to know the fake places. Have you ever felt like you wanted to talk to someone? I know I have this is why computers can help you talk to people online, just display the person's email addresses and type the message. Plus, you don't have to waste money on paper and envelopes. Finally, having an email is free so that you can talk as much as you want. In conclusion, computers help people talk online. In short, computers have a positive effect on people. It helps them have hand-eye coordination, discover new places, and talk.
Computers are used daily all over the world, and most of the time @ CAPS2 is used for good reason. Computers help by allowing @ CAPS2 to get all the information you want, like traveling. @ CAPS1 you wanted to go to a nearby but fancy restaurant, you @ MOIS1 use a computer to find out how far away. Computers help too, allowing @ CAPS2 to talk to friends you haven't seen in years. @ CAPS2 is also a great way to meet new people. Say you are really stressed out at work or school and you forget your book, you can usually display @ CAPS2 on the computer and do @ CAPS2 there. First of all, computers help with travel, sightseeing, and more. When traveling, don't you want to know everything? And the biggest detail you want to know is the cost and the computer can usually quote you close to the exact price for everything. Now this help is huge when you travel the world. And also when your site usually sees you, you want to find the most amazing or romantic place you are in. And @ CAPS1 you type in "Somers' most romantic spot" @ CAPS2 should have a bunch of spots. So don't drive for miles just to get a map or brochure, use your computer and print one out. Second, @ CAPS1 there was a friend that you haven't seen in years and you want to talk, you can go to the computer. Computer helps in many ways @ CAPS2 could even tell you where this person lives and you could visit him by surprise. When you are on the computer, you can even meet new friends and have conversations with them. and even meet them one day. And @ CAPS1 you and this new friend get along so maybe you and this person could be best friends. So @ CAPS1 you haven't seen or spoken to anyone in a while since you knew how to use the computer to chat. Third, let's say your teacher or boss yelled at you today and no one has been nice to you all day and you forget your homework notebook or papers. Where are you going ? the computer, @ CAPS2 can carry most of the paper or notebook work you need to get the job done. @ CAPS1 you forgot your homework book, you don't want to have a bad grade. on this duty. So you access your computer from there. And @ CAPS1 you forgot your papers, and @ CAPS1 you didn't complete this project for work tonight, you would be fired, you can just go to the computer, find the job and finish @ CAPS2. Also save your work. That is why computers are a great help in this life. Finally, that is why in this life you need computers. They help us with our vacation trips. They help in conversation with old friends that we haven't seen in forever. They also help you in your academic and professional work. At least @ PERCENT1 of our population uses computers every day and without them our society would collapse / @ DATE1. So think about the decision you make and @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 will benefit our company or bring our company @ DATE1 to its knees.
Dear journal @ CAPS1, I firmly believe that computers are good for today's society. Not only do computers help us connect with people, but think about how effective they can be. And you can't overlook the fact that computers provide a wealth of entertainment. So before saying: "Computers are ruining our society." Please read my reasons why computers are essential. What's the first thing that comes to your mind when you hear " computers ". A lot of people think of discussion forums and @ CAPS2. These are two examples of how a computer can bring people together. Imagine you are reporting on life at @ LOCATION1. However, all you can find are these generic articles in old books. A simple solution is to talk online to a real person who lives at @ LOCATION1. Computers can even help connect family members who live long distances from each other. I know I would be overjoyed if an aunt or uncle contacted me via '@ CAPS3' or email. In addition to connecting with people, computers are very efficient. As the students grow up, homework is taken seriously. For example, a friend of mine handed in an essay and our teacher didn't accept it. His calligraphy was not readable. Typing homework is an easy alternative to handing over a messy, unsophisticated job. A computer's efficiency is also recognized when it tries to accomplish seemingly simple tasks. Imagine how often you would get lost without your instructions. Or how much you'd be wasting if you didn't print out a dinner recipe. Most importantly, computers are the virtual gateway to all kinds of entertainment. Whether you like to play computer games or even you are the gamer to buy the best deal ; a computer will suit you. There are. Thousands of websites to visit and even more games begging to be played. A computer is everyone's passport to leisure and pleasure. So you make the choice. Will a computer benefit society or will it have catastrophic results? I urge you to remember this; the computer is a way of connecting with people and they are effective. Above all, remember all that you can do with a computer.
Dear @ LOCATION1, @ CAPS1, has your computer already crashed and you need to give a presentation ? Well, if so, that means you probably had to do your presentation on paper, the old fashioned way. Recently @ CAPS1 had an expert debate on computers. Some think they make your life more efficient while others think they make you spend too much time on it rather than the outside. I believe that computers make our lives easier and that advancements in technology have a positive effect on people. I think this is because it teaches you skills and updates you on information. all over the world, it's work efficient and environmentally friendly, and lastly, it keeps people in touch. Computers have a positive effect on people because they allow family members to stay in touch. Email is one example. Instead of sending a letter by mail, you send it electronically. The person receives it faster and can respond more quickly. Plus, social networking sites help families stay in touch. Facebook is one such example. You can see what the person is doing and chat with them using facebook chat. I relate to that. My cousin lives @ LOCATION2, so I don't see him much. Thanks to Facebook, we can talk and update ourselves on our lives. Finally, you can see photos of your family. Many families have accounts on photo sharing sites. This allows them to see photos or recent vacations or sporting events. They can comment and each family member can see how everyone looks / changes throughout the year. This is how computers keep people in touch. Another reason computers have a positive effect on people is that they teach you skills and update you on information. Computers teach you hand-eye coordination. When you type on a keyboard, you need to know where each letter is. This allows you to watch the screen to recognize my mistakes. Hand-eye coordination is a good skill that everyone is familiar with. Computers update you on world news. Many home pages on the Internet integrate news engines. These news engines keep people up to date with major news events. For example, the war at @ LOCATION5, or more recently, the @ LOCATION3 and @ LOCATION4 earthquakes. Without the Internet, we would be way behind on important updates around the world. My last reason computers have a positive effect on people is that they are efficient at work and help the environment. Computers help the environment because you don't use so much paper. Throughout the year @ CAPS2 uses billions of sheets of paper to write letters. With computers, that number runs into the thousands. Why @ MONTH1 you ask ? Emails don't require paper. They are electronic, which means no paper. They are also environmentally friendly, as newspaper companies go bankrupt. Because of online news, newspapers are becoming less and less popular. Computers are efficient for work because it is so easy to give presentations. There are so many programs to use that it can take a few minutes to give a great presentation. This is why computers make work easier while preserving the environment. As you can see, computers have many positive effects on people. They keep family members in touch, they teach you skills, and they are efficient for the job while being environmentally friendly. That's why I think computers have a positive effect on people. Let me ask you this question again. @ CAPS1 Did your computer ever crash when you needed to do a big project ? You now know that computers make life efficient. What would you do without them? So now it's your turn to go out and buy a computer because you'll be thankful you did.
I saw in one of the papers I received in the mail that had a night for people to voice their opinion on children's computer use. I took the idea of waiting for this letter. Several people have to use computers for several things. Such as: homework such as essays, sometimes people's family members go but can not use cell phones, as well as online job alpications. For starters, kids have homework, don't they ? Most of the time, people have to experiment. I often ask my mom if I can do an essay for school, she says, " Why don't you stay after and do it ?" " @ CAPS1 has lives so they can't stay after even at school computers don't allow you to go to most websites unlike home which does. This is especially one of the main reasons why children use computers a lot. Then some family members go to war. Normally, for security and privacy reasons, they don't let soldiers use their cell phones, but for other reasons they can use their computers. Usually your family members know you have a computer and want to contact you so they know they are ok with it and don't have to for two years. So the basics they master, you can talk to them by video mail. I have a @ CAPS2 that has gone to @ ORGANIZATION1 and is now at @ LOCATION2, and we chat to him sometimes when he was at @ LOCATION1. Finally, job applications. Most of the time people are confined to their homes but need a job. Tons of @ CAPS3 ads show ads for jobs online. It is good for all types of people, housebound, elderly, etc. But that's mostly good because sometimes they let you have your own business and you still get a good paycheck. In conclusion, some people don't go online just to be online, they actually do something like talking to loved ones that they won't see for a long time, as well as homework. Also, if people don't know people very well, how do they know if they are active or not, children and adults should always be able to use computers whenever they want.
Dear Editor, @ CAPS1 is called @ PERSON1, and I believe computers are good for everyone, and people too. I say this because a lot of people can talk to friends from a distance. In addition, the computer can teach you a lot of things. Finally, it makes you more social. According to @ CAPS1, computers are better for the world. First of all, many people can talk remotely with the family of friends. You have a webcam and it allows you to chat and see the person. Also @ CAPS2 is another site where you can talk to friends and then you can have alot and put pictures of yourself and even videos even though you can talk on the phone and do all that but on the phone it costs money for a plan. When you use a computer, it's completely free. Second, the computer teaches you things that will help you later in life, and it also lets you know things. Computer scientists have created really cool programs that can be computers and more. Programs teach you to type, this is called tapping to learn or typing for fun. They also have programs that let you know how to read. It's great for kids because they need to know these things in all ways. Finally, the computer makes you more social. This is because you have @ CAPS2 and it lets you know what's going on inside or outside of school. You can talk to people on @ CAPS2 or send each other emails and have a chat with them. You can also meet new people from other places and have a good relationship with them. You have friends who you know who they are with and you won't need to find out. So that's why I think having a computer is a good idea, and good to have. You can talk to people from a distance. The computer teaches you things for life. Finally, it makes you more social with people. So according to @ CAPS1 it's a good idea to have a computer.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, I think computers are good for society, because you can read newspaper online, send e-mail to friends and family, and can play games and watch videos or movies . Knowing the latest news is very important, newspapers are acceptable, but you have to pay for them with the online newspaper, you can get the latest news for free ! This way you can save money and trees. Here is another way to save trees. E-mailing is a good way to talk to someone from afar and it is much faster than just plain old mail. Email is also good for emailing links to cool websites, email can send funny picture or important video or notice. Thus, computers can be your journal and a good medium for rapid communication. It can also be useful for entertainment. Computers are one of the most popular sources of entertainment. Computers allow you to go to gaming sites, watch videos or movies, or play an online game on a regular @ CAPS1 game. I know whenever I'm bored I go to my computer and I can always find something to don online or find a movie to watch. Thus, computers are very popular, in many fields, computers are useful for information, communication and entertainment. People just need to look at the positive aspects of computers then they will see how great they are.
Judgment @ CAPS1 is from expiration, and expirience is from bad judgment, said of my uncle's father. Computers haven't been around that long for the public, so the public has little experience. As a result, the public also lacks judgment @ CAPS1 in the use of computers and the negative effects are starting to show. Computers have caused damage to people! For starters, computers can be a @ CAPS2 problem for people. In studies at @ LOCATION1, @ NUM1 on @ NUM2 @ CAPS3 who spend their time (@ NUM3 hours or more) wear glasses. Due to the bad effects @ CAPS2 the screen has on your eyes. Additionally, computer games are designed to be addictive, forcing @ CAPS3 to sit in front of the computer instead of exercising. This @ MONTH1 will be one of the main causes of obesity at @ LOCATION2 ! My little brother used to be addicted to a game of flight, and he sat in front for hours every day and started to put on weight. As soon as he stopped playing and got out more, he immediately started losing fat. As a result, people need to move around more instead of sitting in front of the computer. To continue, my second point concerns the harmful effects of computers on the environment. First, computers need electricity to run. This electricity comes from power plants. More than @ PERCENT1 of @ LOCATION2 power plants are based on coal, oil or natural gas. When people turn on the computer because they are bored, it wastes electricity that does not need to be used. Additionally, scientists suspect humans are now a major cause of global warming. It makes good sense for these power plants to burn their respective fuels to create electricity. In other words, there is a definite link between computers and global warming. Additionally, power plants release pollutants into the air that can eventually cause acid rain. Finally, my last point concerns people's skills. In a school survey, @ CAPS3 who used his computer for more than @ NUM4 hours a day did not know how to cook or even light a match ! There's a definite connection between the two, as most people just put something in the microwave to eat so they can get back to computers as quickly as possible. Matches are lit by parents to light fires or candles, but what happens when a natural disaster strikes like @ LOCATION3 or @ LOCATION4 ? How will @ CAPS3 be able to fend for itself ? The only way to cook would be with fire. There would be no microwave for cooking preserves. Also, how could @ CAPS3 even start a fire without @ CAPS4 how to light a match ? Obviously, excessive use of the computer could have very bad effects in natural disaster even for adults, so we have to stop it ! Do you want @ LOCATION2 to be treated as @ CAPS5 and @ CAPS6 ? Should the environment, our only home, suffer because of a few bored people? How are we going to deal with a major natural disaster? In conclusion, people are spending too much time on their computers, and they have to stop! People become @ CAPS6, @ CAPS7 the environment and lose important life skills. We must all come together and cooperate to keep people healthy, to maintain our life skills, but most of all to save our one and only beautiful @ LOCATION5.
Dear @ PERSON1, @ CAPS1 these days telling kids to hang out instead of vegetating in front of a computer. Computers can only promote bad habits. I try not to use the computer unless I have too many for school or for my homework. Please consider the negative effects of appropriate content and less interaction with friends / family. Yes, the internet can be used to find diets and exercise programs, but if you just went to the gym to burn those pounds, you would be fine! The internet and computers are designed to suck your brain and attack you for all the websites and all the little interesting things. It is more efficient to go to a local @ ORGANIZATION2 or @ ORGANIZATION1 to practice. I swim in a swim team for an @ ORGANIZATION2. I like swimming better than going on the computer. It meets my personal exercise needs. I lost @ NUM1 pounds just swimming for a month. I will run on the mill to help burn off stress or anger. Gyms are much better than computers. I know most of us have seen something inappropriate on the computer. Yes, computers give people work, but there is no need to post pictures or messages that will hurt people's feelings. I know the other day I saw a really nasty comment that made me feel bad for the victim. I know YouTube is trying to stop inappropriate content so hurry up for them. Once you donate something to the internet, it is gone forever. Yes, computers have ways to keep in touch with friends, but better @ CAPS3 or visit in person. As my @ CAPS2 always said, "@ CAPS3 plus builds character!" @ CAPS4 never am I lucky enough to have @ CAPS3 my best friends instead of using the computer. Children these days can be mean without trying. You disconnect from your family. Because computers attract users, there are times when you are not paying attention to others around you. @ PERCENT1 children don't do homework because of computers. Thank you for your time. I think computers are bad and everyone would be happy without them. They help the obesity level in the country, let cyberbullying and inappropriate content circulate on the internet and finally block you from the world. (@ CAPS5.S one day computers will take over the world and you will regret not listening to me.)
Dear journal @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 is called @ PERSON1 and I am writing this letter regarding the computer problem. The @ CAPS2 look on this topic is the opposite. People @ MONTH1 spend more time on the computer than exercising, but they could still be social in chat rooms. People can use laptops outdoors. You can let your imagination run wild with the games you can play. Let's move on to the first point of @ CAPS2, being social. Experts say people spend less time with friends and family than on the computer. They @ MONTHS1 spend less time with friends and family physically, but who said there was no social. There is facebook, @ CAPS3 and chat rooms. You can talk to your friend there to be social. Not to be physically social but verbally social. Let's move on to the next topic of @ CAPS2, according to the expert, not taking advantage of the outdoors, but look at something here it is. If you didn't take advantage of the outdoors, half the amarica would be as nice as it gets. Then there are the laptops. You can use thoughts outside. People with laptops can go out on a sunny day, grab some fruit, and relax. You could stay outside until the battery is discharged. Then just grab the pluge and keep relaxing, it's easy. Computers also help your imagination. Some computer games help to expand your imagination because when you play games you think of things that could improve the game. Simulators help you design or even control things. Some games allow you to design and play as a character that you have created. They help you with jobs that might interest you. For me, computer games have developed the @ CAPS2 design. All of these things can be reversed. No one is a robot who repeats what he does over and over again. Humanity has the power to get out of the computer and get out or be social. As I just proved everything you can do physically, you can do it on the computer.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, computers have a positive effect on people and that also teaches us. So I think computers are very important and necessary in people's lives. We learn about the world and what's going on. It also helps us communicate with our friends and family. Finally, it can help us collect information for homework and projects. First of all, while we are on the computer, it shows us the world and the different countries. Computers tell us how the war is going and what the president is doing. The computer also gives us information on local news such as weather, traffic reports and if there has been a crime that has occurred. We can also learn about the stock market which is very important to many people. Second, the computer gives the opportunity to talk with friends and family. AIM, @ CAPS3, and @ CAPS4 are all different ways of interacting with each other. Also, if we don't return anything to the school, we can always email our teachers any information they might need on a specific date. If a student forgets the assignment, we can simply request it on the computer. Lots of people reunite with old friends they haven't seen in years, and seeing them again and knowing what their family is like, might make someone happy to know that their old friend has become happy. Finally, if students have a project or homework they need, computer information can always help. On the computer there is a lot of information about people, places, things and anything else you want to know. The computer gives you the answer to your question @ MONTH1. You can get pictures and information about whatever you are looking for. It also gives you the location and dates of the various events that happened in what you are looking for. Computers are very useful when it comes to educating students. In conclusion, computers are a very important part of everyone's life. To find out more about the news that is going on in the world, to talk to friends or family and to help with schoolwork. Even though people don't exercise, they increase their education by finding information. You can still enjoy nature, but not as much as usual; you still spend time with your family and friends by communicating on the computer. Computers are one of the greatest inventions and have a positive effect on people.
Dear journalists, @ CAPS1 ! Don't computers just bloat? I mean why aren't they, you can learn your knowledge, two you can play a lot of fun games, and finally we can talk to our friend. Well, I hope you will enjoy my essay on the computer world. Have you ever had difficulty finding something in a freedom? Well, forget your release cards, just go to @ CAPS2 on the computer. There you can find what you are looking for. I once was doing a project on my favorite rocker @ ORGANIZATION1 so my mom told me to check the libery for a book on him but couldn't find one. So instead I just hopped on my computer but not really @ CAPS4 but anyway so I went to @ CAPS2 and guess what ! I found everything I needed to know about him to make me vibrate in my project. I mean, there is a lot more that you can learn with the computer like what's going on in the world around us or even learn more about the small world around us or even learn more about the little insects at the large plants. Well this is what I got using the @ CAPS2 for knowledge. Happy to see you again! Well now I am going to tell you about some games that you can play on the computer. The game I'm going to tell you about is my favorite game and @ CAPS4's called left @ NUM1 dead @ NUM2; @ CAPS5 you have never played the game, you probably like this game which looks really hard and scary although @ CAPS4 is. Just kidding, @ CAPS4 can be tough at first and a little scary, but @ CAPS4 is still fun. Another game that I like to play is an online game called "@ PERSON1", the game is fun and everything except @ CAPS4 takes time to do and kill the fun stuff. For example, I am an lvl mage. @ NUM3 and I can take @ NUM4 @ CAPS7 level because I can use high level spells. but anyway, there are a lot of things to do on a computer. Like me you can kill zombie hared or just do a quest or two, whatever @ CAPS4 is in your hands have fun. Now the last thing I'm going to tell you is how you can talk to your friends through the @ CAPS2. mail so now i can talk and see my friends on a webcam. Another great reason to be able to use the @ CAPS10 or the computer is that you can talk to family members who have joined @ ORGANIZATION2. My uncle joined @ ORGANIZATION2 and he will be leaving soon so I want to see him so I will see him on webcam or be able to chat with him. Well that's my reason @ CAPS4 is a good reason to have an r computer . One that you can use @ CAPS4 for learning, two for some challenging games, and three just for talking to friends. Thank you and good day.
I agree with the newspaper, people spend too much time on the computer and don't exercise. everyone knows about addicting computers. but people need to get out more. but people make it more addicting by creating things like endless games and its distractions from life, family, work and exercise.
Dear local newspaper : @ CAPS1, do you think computers are great for everyone ? I think computers are one of the greatest inventions of all time. What's really great about them is how much you can learn about computers. You can learn hand-eye coordination, discover faraway places, and chat with people online. Certainly read on to see why computers are so important to all of us. Many people think that computers are bad for our minds, but in reality they are not. When you are on computers, you can learn hand-eye coordination. You may be able to type well and very quickly after a while and improve your eyesight by reading your handwriting or notes for a paper. Finally, you can even have fun, relax, and type your papers for reports. Definitely, read on to see which computers can also @ CAPS1. It's a lot of faraway places that have their own way of showing you a good time. On the Internet you have a list of vacation spots or places that catch your eye to visit. They give you details on why to visit and a fair price. Think about it, how cool would it be to visit some awesome place, like @ LOCATION1. Without a doubt, keep reading. Have you ever wanted to play outside but it was raining or your friends weren't there. Well, on the computer you can chat online with your friends. You can see how they are doing or what they are doing and have a great time. Not to mention that you can even make new friends. Lots of kids and teens go online to make new friends. You should surely agree that computers are great. I think computers are very unique and important. This is why so many children and adults use computers so much. They use it to learn hand-eye coordination, learn about faraway places, and talk online with others. Thanks for reading my local print newspaper.
Dear local newspaper @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, our technology is advancing, as are our lives. Computers are an ideal way to improve our way of life in ways that benefit us and future generations. The use of computers, and the @ CAPS5 alone allow us to learn about the way of life in other places on @ LOCATION4 to talk to people far away, and to express ourselves. Computers offer us a bright future. First of all, many people, in fact @ PERCENT1 of the world's population are usually stationary and queuing up in a city or local urban environments. This is why computers are so useful because they give @ CAPS2 a way to find other places in the world. @ CAPS3 can spark an interest in other cultures and shape our opinions @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 discover things about other places. From there @ CAPS3 can look at different topics from a broad perspective. In doing so, @ CAPS3 will connect to other lifestyles. @ CAPS2 philosopher and poet @ PERSON1 says “@ CAPS3 getting to know yourself through the discovery of others.” @ CAPS4 Another particularly practical feature of @ CAPS5 via computers is that @ CAPS3 can communicate with people who live far away, whereas @ CAPS3 could not visit otherwise. A @ LOCATION2 study showed that in reality @ PERCENT2 of computer use corresponds to communication with sites like Facebook or @ CAPS9. A scientist from @ LOCATION3, @ PERSON3, says that @ CAPS3 @ CAPS2 humans tend to enjoy communication because it gives @ CAPS2 a sense of oneness. This is why so many companies are realizing that sites like @ ORGANIZATION2, @ CAPS6 and @ ORGANIZATION1 are growing in popularity. " And that's true. It's nice to @ CAPS7, talking or emailing others. Without a computer, it couldn't. It is not possible. Finally, computers give us the ability to express our ideas like never before. Now stars are not only created in @ LOCATION1, but now you can make yourself famous on @ CAPS8 or @ CAPS9. Just ask @ PERSON2, whose voice reached out and caught the attention of a major record label. Now everyone knows his name and listens to his music. Like @ PERSON2, the more talkative people can express themselves by blogging their opinions. "About half of computer use," @ CAPS1 tells the computer weekly, @ PERSON4, "uses blogs and videos to express ideas." @ CAPS3 can persuade others to think @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 do and find out the things @ CAPS3 has discovered. society, and that's why computers have such an effect on people. @ CAPS2 clearly, computers have a positive effect on people and society. They allow us to discover faraway places, communicate with others and inspire the world around us with our ideas. Welcome to the future.
Dear @ LOCATION2, @ CAPS1 do you spend several hours a day being active ? Now answer me this, @ CAPS1 do you spend a lot of time on your computer ? Today a lot of @ CAPS2 are sitting in front of a computer, laptop, ecetra, when there is not enough to tie their shoes for jogging. Computers ruin us, they discourage our social skills, damage our health, and make us lazy. They are not beneficial to our society. For starters, millions of people are signing up to @ CAPS3, @ CAPS4 and other websites like these to reconnect with people. Do you realize what that means? Now no one has to get in a car and visit someone else. There is no longer any need to interact with other life forms, nor any desire. Let's say there's a woman sitting on her couch. Suddenly her face lights up at the thought of her friend @ PERSON1. She gets up to go and start the car, but hey, your eyes catch the computer. She bites her lip, trying to decide if she's going to see her or if she's chatting online. Feeling lazy, she sits down. Do you really want this to happen to everyone? Too late, it's already done. To continue, I would like to take a moment to talk about our health. As most of us know, fresh air is good for us. Imagine this, you are walking through the woods on a trail. The cool cool air tickles your skin and breathing it makes you smile. Your whole body feels energized by the hike. With days like this ahead, you can '@ CAPS7 wait. Now imagine this, you are sitting in front of a computer, in a hot and stuffy room. You have back pain from being in this position for so long. Also, you think you are catching a cold and having a migraine. You would go down, but you have another application request. You @ CAPS6 '@ CAPS7 want to come back to reality, which do you prefer? Beyond all of this, there is exercise to be done. I mean, when was the last time you went out on a bike yourself ? I'm sure you know it's good for your body if you exercise but are too busy at the computer. I think it's safe to say that half of @ LOCATION1 would rather update their @ CAPS4 than get up and move around. It is crucial for our health that we are active. To sum up, many of us wonder whether or not to spend more time on the computer. Well, here is your answer : "@ CAPS6 '@ CAPS7." There aren't enough people interacting today, they're spending the best years of their lives in a home, and most importantly let's face it, they're getting fat. Computers are taking over our lives, it's now or never to change for a better and more fulfilling way of life. Please @ LOCATION1, turn off the computer.
Dear @ CAPS1: The effect computers have on me is that they teach me hand-eye coordination. I'm learning stuff with the computer, and it's fun to continue. But, I mean, these are just my opinions. Well, I'm just going to go ahead and explain them to you. The great thing about computers is that they teach you hand-eye coordination, which helps you see better with your eyes. It also helps you with your hands by teaching you to grab things and react quickly with your hands. For example, I was playing baseball and I couldn't catch very well and I was also learning to use the computer and because I was able to type fast, my hands reacted when I got hits on the ground and pop fly on me. So I was so happy that I learned to use the computer and to type. But for sure the computer is the best because you can research things and find out more important facts. Plus, you learn more every time you research something. I'll tell you one thing though, I love the computer so much because it helps me discover important details and facts about the person I'm doing my project on. Yea i know computer is so much fun because you can go to different websites like myspace.com, youtube.com and funnyjunk.com. I go to mspace to talk to my friends and meet new people that's what I love about myspace I meet new people and make new friends. I go to youtube because i love listening to music and i watch music videos on them too i watch skateboard videos too because i love to skate! But one thing is for sure, I go to funnyjunk.com to play games because they have so many fun games for you to play. But my favorite game is @ CAPS2 the hedgehog. In conclusion, these are the views of @ NUM1 and @ NUM1's reasons for supporting effects on computers. So I want you to think about some effects on computers and your opinions on computers and compare them to my opinions ? But hey! It's up to you if you want to.
Do you think computers are useful? Well you should because, they are the most complete item on the market, @ CAPS8 family members also live far away, you can message them, facebook or even send @ CAPS1 and them. The main thing for kids or kids easily is the fun that you can watch your favorite shows with the click of a mouse or even play free games. The computer is a very useful object. @ CAPS4 you have bad handwriting and a report is due, you are going to send @ CAPS8 to your computer, and your teacher will think you have been through the night. Doing @ CAPS8 while @ CAPS8 was easy, you will also get a higher grade. @ CAPS4 a great family trip is coming, you can go online and get the trip easier than you would have, and at a low cost. You can also buy @ CAPS4, it's @ PERSON1 birthday, you can get very low price gifts ever @ PERCENT1 @ CAPS2 !!! @ CAPS4 your family lives far away and you don't see them much, internet is the perfect place for GPS, you can chat to them with instant message or you can then facebook. You could @ CAPS3 or, you could also talk to them, you could see them on your screen and they could see you on their screen and @ CAPS8 would be like they were in the house with you, @ CAPS4 the vecation you could send them @ CAPS3 and your werere cards which even goes information about the places. Pleasure is the preference of adolescents. @ CAPS4 you are your favorite show, you could have @ CAPS6 and watch the show for free !!! Youtube is where you can see something funny, exciting, or ordinary @ CAPS9. @ CAPS4 someone like @ PERSON2 @ CAPS9 did an asom trick and you mist @ CAPS8 look @ CAPS8 up. There are two kinds of games you can play on the internet like addicting games or play @ NUM1, @ CAPS7 online and play with friends. Know you know why the internet is awesome @ CAPS8 has games close to your family or even @ CAPS9 get help. So to say that you think the internet is good is your decision.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 @ PERCENT1 in town uses the computer at least five hours a day. People are spending way too much time and not enjoying it. Computers affect people, but in a negative way. People become addicted and distracted and cannot work. Lots of inappropriate things are written on computers that children and adults should not read. Finally, people stare at a computer screen all day, which can cause brain damage. The effects of computers can be very negative and not at all beneficial. With kids in school and adults at work, there's probably a lot of work to be done, but computers should prevent a person from doing the work. The other day in class, the teacher was collecting homework, but @ NUM1 on the @ NUM2 children in our class had no homework. When the teacher asked why the children weren't doing their homework, they replied that they were on the computer and had forgotten the homework. When children and adults are not doing their jobs, grades can be lowered or people can be made redundant. The effect is very harmful, and it all happened just because of the addiction and distraction of computers. Since some internet sources are very social and not all people are nice, nasty and inappropriate articles and language could be read. A lot of kids don't know a lot of swear words and certainly no one wants them exposed to learning more, so why let them go on the computer and read about these bad things ? Adults @ MONTH1 know more about harmful language, but why influence them to write bad things or comment in mean tones. If adults and children are not exposed to these misuses of language, our world could easily be made up of better and nicer people. Studies show that if a person stares at a computer screen for at least three hours a day, then in about two weeks, the person's brain could be damaged. The computer screen sort of with the human brain and if stared too long the screen could permanently damage the brain. A student from @ ORGANIZATION1, who studies computer mechanics, quoted: "@ CAPS2 helps prevent brain damage by limiting computer use to what needs to be done. The mechanics of making the computer screen don't is not healthy for you ! " Who wants to have a damaged brain? This effect could certainly be very serious. So, at the end of the day, people should know that computers are not beneficial. Computers affect people for sure, but not in a way that people want to be affected. Computer addiction and distraction could lead to ignoring important work. Children and adults do not need to learn or be influenced by inappropriate language on the computer. Brain damage can be a serious problem that can be caused by something as simple as staring at a computer screen. @ CAPS2 tries to avoid all of these negative effects by limiting the use of your computer. It is very easy to stay away from any negative effects, but it is your choice whether or not to do so.
Everywhere you look people are using computers. Almost everyone has one. Some say computers are bad for you, but they can really benefit society. Computers are used for research, socializing and almost all of our @ CAPS1 work is done on computers. One of the main things that computers provide is research information. If you want to know anything, you can find it on the internet. It is an effective way to study or find information for school. Before the Internet and computers, it took weeks to find enough information for paper or business work. This is because all the information was found in books. Books didn't always give you the information you needed, everything that was written was all you got. With search engines and websites, you can type in what you want to search for. It's much easier to log into a computer and type in a question than it is to search an entire book for an answer. Computers are the best way to research a topic. Computers are also used for socializing. You can chat with almost anyone on the Internet. Being social is one of the most important aspects of life. It has been proven by science that social people live longer than people who never talk to anyone. The person you talk to on the phone only gives you audio and it doesn't get you anything. video chat can allow you to show someone a picture or a phrase. Computers allow you to see people that you cannot otherwise see. For example, if you have a relative who lives far away and you can't, you can see through a video that socializing through computers is one of the best ways to talk to people. Our @ CAPS1 is mainly run on computers, without them it would be very difficult to be aware of an upcoming attack or threat. The @ CAPS1 uses computers to store their legal records of court decisions, etc. It is much easier to transfer files digitally than to send a hard copy. The store market is also run on computers. You need it to see how you are doing financially. Computers are essential to our @ CAPS1 and our economy. Although some experts say that computers are of no use to us, computers are of great benefit to our society. They help us research, socialize and they help our @ CAPS1 and our economy. Computers are essential to our way of life.
I think computers are good to use because anyone can use them anytime or go whenever they want. The reason I think this is good is because you can reach out to someone you know and talk to them whenever you want. Another reason is that you can play games or search for something or even search for things you want to know or something that has always interested you. A computer is also useful for better things like using it for going to work or when a kid at school has to do a project report and has to do it while typing and also for recording things you don't want. nobody uses. Computers can sometimes be useful for people who really need and really need to use them, but it can also be a fun activity to do if someone has nothing to do. I think the computer is great because anyone can open their own website and create anything. A lot of people can go on the Internet and open an account on a website; for example a @ CAPS1 or a @ CAPS2 or a @ CAPS3 for what it is necessary to have an account. There are a lot of people out there who use the computer the wrong way and use it for things that it can actually be used for. So I think computers are very useful for people who like to research things that interest them or have to use them for good purposes.
Computers have no effect on children we love to keep going because we use it to help us and it persuades readers of the local newspaper as we need to be able to communicate also write essays and do social studies or homework of science my ideas Let us go the computers because it didn't bother you you can just leave us alone and let us do what you need to do because which computers are what give us information because we have to do and have to do what we need to do and you people can just leave us alone because we are not addicting to me or anyone and if we were would that still matter because a computer is a computer, you don't punish it because just punish us with the computer punish us because of it because it's the fault of the computer, it can be addictive cause the computer eur is a device that gives us what we need and the information that we too the computer brings us the computer is an incredible thing
Dear, @ ORGANIZATION1 concerned about an issue where people are using computers and not exercising. This is a very bad thing and we need to keep the word out about what can happen if we don't exercise. The number one reason I don't agree that computers help people is because because computers really affect your health you will get fat, start having heart problems and that can lead to something. fatal. Another reason I think computers are healthy is because computers affect the economy in so many ways, for example computers use so much electricity that they affect power in all states. Computers also ruin jobs and that is bad for the economy. The last reason I think computers are bad is because of some of the illegal things people do on computers there are a lot of cyber predators preying on kids and they end up finding the kid and them. kidnap. There are also other illegal tricks like bad websites or popups that can get you arrested so if kids go to computers they won't understand what something means and they will click on it and it can traumatize a person. child all his life. So @ NUM1, I hope you can take this letter into consideration and do something about it as these computers can affect my health, your health and even the health of your children. That's why I wrote you this letter. If you agree with me thank you.
Computers can affect the way people are and how they interact. Why is it necessary to spend your precious life sitting in front of a computer all day? When you can exercise, for example by going to your local gym. Computers are becoming a distraction for your social life, which is why you should use them in emergencies and spend more time with your wonderful family and friends. Finally, you can enjoy your surroundings and appreciate life and nature. Computers are for business, not for people sitting and doing nonsense. Exercise is very important because it helps the human body to grow taller and stay fit. If you are sitting in front of a computer all day, your body will shut down and will not be doing the proper exercise. Sports can be just as enjoyable and helps build the human body and gives you the right amount of exercise that your body needs. Sport also strengthens hand and eye coordination, just like sitting on the sofa using a computer. In conclusion, exercise can give you all the same utensils computers give you, but it also benefits citizens more. Family is a wonderful thing in life, but they don't live on forever. That is why we should cherries every last moment that we have with them. A complete citizen and drives them away from family and friends. Computers can rob you of your social life, and you never go out to meet people and friends. In short, computers are a problem for citizens and cause them to hunt their family and friends. Nature is exotic and beautiful and we should all take care of it and appreciate what we have. Computers can become harmful to nature and destroy animal homes, for example when you print something from your computer it prints if it is on paper. This causes more trees to be felled and cut for paper. We should only use paper for emergencies and not splurge on it. We all want the world to be a better place, so stop destroying it for our own benefit! In conclusion, computers right in and will cause chaos and destruction. Instead of using them, we could get the right amount of exercise, spend it as a family, and finally enjoy nature and our surroundings. I strongly believe that you take my ideas into consideration and hopefully agree with them.
@ ORGANIZATION1, In my opinion, computers can be entertaining and educational, but should not replace everyday life. Therefore, I think computers harm people and affect them in ways that they don't realize. Three reasons behind my decision are the difference between reality and fantasy, family and friends and your health. Many children and young adults are vulnerable to the assumption that everything you see on the computer is true. Well, as some are finding out, it's anything but that. Addicting games and electronic features lead you to believe that the people or @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 you see are real situations and activities. Computers show children the wrong state of mind to be in. It affects schoolwork and the way they behave. They have to be in the right frame of mind and come back to reality. Your family and friends have always been there for you. By your side even in your worst moments. Unfortunately, this computer addiction has driven you away from them. They are not happy with the way you are treating them. They want a change so that you can enjoy life again. Interact with a human being, not a graphically designed computer image. That's all it is anyway, and this pic won't be there for you. Your family and friends last longer than that. Your body is special and your health is important. A computer @ MONTH1 suggests an exercise, but you're not really going to do it. You know it and the people who make computer sites know it. You're going to sit there and burn your eyes from staring at a screen all day. It is not healthy for you or for anyone else. Wiggling your fingers and pressing buttons is not an exercise. You're already seated anyway, so you're not doing anything useful for yourself. You have to go out, breathe some air and be in nature. Run or play a game of pool, but not on the computer. In conclusion, you can see how a computer can affect a person. Not only do they confuse fantasy and reality with the same thing, but you lose the interaction with your friends and loved ones. Your health is also at risk when you spend hours staring and moving only two fingers. Please consider the risks and believe the facts because honestly we are losing the chance to live and enjoy the world.
Salvation! My name is @ PERSON1 and I think computers are not bad. I think that because yes people play a lot on the computer, but they can also learn a lot. Another reason is that some kids like bullies can stop bullying and spend time on the computer to avoid stress. You can also talk to your friends and even video chat with them. Computers can teach you a lot. For example @ CAPS1 your computer crashes or has a virus, you can just find out the problem on your own. You can also learn or read the news that you are missing. For example, you could also ask questions that you don't understand and people would answer your question. More and more kids, teens, and even adult computers are looking for things they don't understand. For example, when I read a book and read a word that I don't know and read around @ CAPS1 I still don't know it now, I would go to @ LOCATION1 and find what the words mean. Bullies and other people like the common people who have computers should stay on the computer and you can just play games. They can play typing games, shooting games and even board games. You can even watch any @ CAPS1 fights you want. Whatever you want, you have it. This is a good thing because then no one will get it and everyone will be happy. Bullies can also use the computer to relax and stay away from people they hate. Computers can relax you because you don't have to be around people and you can just tell the computer to do whatever you want. Children, teens, and adults don't have to leave home just to talk to a friend or two. I said this because most computers have microcam and you can communicate with others. For example my father tries to have a computer with a micro-cam so that he can be in contact with my mother, my brother, my sister and me. He must have one because he no longer lives with us. He had to leave and go back to @ LOCATION2. Another example would be that @ CAPS1 one of your friends is moving very, very far away, you can just talk to them on the micro camera or even send a message back and forth. So I think computers aren't a bad idea or a bad thing. I say this because you can learn, stay good, and communicate.
Dear @ LOCATION1 Journal, Computer use is a controversial subject. A lot of people have different opinions and beliefs, but I personally believe that computers have a positive effect on the people who use and operate them. These remarkable devices give people the ability to talk and be social with their friends and family members. They keep people up to date with what's going on in the world and give updates on the state of countries and events. They will also provide information and give people the opportunity to research and learn more about a topic or idea. A computer is a necessity in today's society, and to oppose it is a movement of proposition. Many people, young and old, are starting to use the computer to socialize with friends and family members through various types of websites and programs. A computer is talking to someone without actually being there. The social aspect of a computer is growing in popularity and many people use computers for social purposes. Social networking sites and instant messaging programs are just two of the many ways to be socially active on a computer. A social networking site as a website that allows you to create an account and post photos and information for your friends to see. Removing the computer would take many people out of social life. The computer benefits many people socially and this has a positive effect on their life. Today's news always contains some exciting events and horrific disasters that many people love to know about. Most people don't like to wait for the newspaper to arrive to read the news the fastest. So they check online and find out about it there. News online is very popular and extremely beneficial to many people. It provides them with the latest updated stories and events. Online information was extremely crucial during the latest disaster, the @ LOCATION2 earthquake. Because news online is so quick and easy to access. People were donating and helping @ LOCATION2 just a day after the earthquake. The quick answer is what helps @ LOCATION2 rebuild itself from the rubble. Computers provide people with news online, and this is definitely good for their lives. Before people started using computers to research topics and ideas, they used books. They should go through stacks of pages and articles in the newspapers. It is a very inefficient and disorganized way of doing research. Now we have the computer. The computer allows you to remind yourself through endless information and topics. It is not possible to put an article or an essay with information because it will always be in the same place. This allows for efficient guidance and research. There are also websites called online databases on the Internet. All you have to do is type in a keyword or phrase and you have instant search for whatever information you don't want. All of this takes time on research and puts it on whatever you'd like to do, whether that's writing an article or delivering a presentation. The computer enables rapid and beneficial research. The computer has not been used for so long and it is already helping society to expand and grow. It provides a social aspect where you can talk to your friends and family. You can provide yourself with the latest news and stories, and you can do research fast and easy. There is no doubt that a computer has a positive effect on society and on us as individuals. Experts can say whatever they want, but the computer is and always will be of benefit to society.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1 @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, computers are starting to be a problem in many homes. I feel like too many people are getting addicted to computers. People like these are more likely to gain weight, have little social time, and spend too much time indoors. In the @ CAPS6 article that I read recently in @ ORGANIZATION1, it was about the @ CAPS6 experiment on using the computer. Dr @ PERSON1, a professor @ CAPS3 said his findings showed that people addicted to computers only leave their homes to run errands. When this happens, it interferes with their life as well as their body because our bodies need sunlight. What's more, his study also found that people who go out more and not as much on the computer tend to be happier. @ PERCENT1 of the patients in the study started to be happier after they stopped using the computer so often. I like it when the people around me are happy, not cranky, right? I noticed that some children in my school were putting on weight. These are children who have recently started using the computer for a few hours each day. It is very bad for your health and your body. If someone sits at their computer all day eating, the food is not processed and everything turns to fat. Plus, statistics show that @ PERCENT2 of all obese people in a weight loss class gained excess weight while sitting in front of the computer all day. If people treat their bodies this way, they could end up with some type of disease. Last week @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5 @ NUM1 interviewed @ NUM2 ans @ PERSON2. @ PERSON2's best friend ignored @ PERSON2 because he has a computer @ ORGANIZATION1. Now @ PERSON2's friend no longer wants to date @ PERSON2, nor any of his other friends. Also, when people get addicted to computers, they become less social with their friends and other people like parents, teachers, etc. When people put aside their social time for computer games, chat rooms, or movie websites, they waste a lot of their life. This can be stopped if parents put a foot down, set limits, and force children to spend more time outdoors. As you can clearly see, @ MONTH1 computers have some advantages, but they have many disadvantages. Addicted computer users become less social, they don't go out and start to "gain weight". The @ CAPS6 effect of this is a world full of people sitting in front of the computer all day, eating food and gaining weight.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, I understand that the idea of technological advancements benefiting society is a very controversial topic. However, I support these technological advancements and believe that computers have a positive effect on people. They allow friends and family who live far from each other to communicate and stay in touch. @ CAPS7 Computers allow easy access to news and online manuals that provide a tremendous amount of benefits to today's society. In the long run, doing more on the computer rather than on paper will save billions of trees! @ CAPS7, computers teach us hand-eye coordination, an extremely important skill. These technological advances are extremely beneficial to our society and should be taken advantage of! "@ CAPS1, @ CAPS1 !" The @ CAPS3 computer whines as I get a video call from @ CAPS3's cousin, @ PERSON4. The technology advantage has provided many new ways for the @ CAPS3 family and I to communicate with each other. The cousins @ CAPS3 and I rarely see, but computers allow us to stay connected. Four in five teens would agree that without computers or advancements in technology, their long-distance relationships with family and friends would not be possible. For example; I go to oovoo once a week to video chat with cousin @ CAPS3 who I only see on vacation. Teen @ CAPS4, @ PERSON2 says, "Technologies like computers and cellphones are great for teens, but they should be supervised and not overused." Computers are great for keeping in touch with family and friends from a distance! Second, computers allow easy access to online news and manuals. @ CAPS5 more people took advantage, we were able to sacrifice millions of trees and have a healthier environment. Environmentalist @ PERSON3 says, "@ CAPS5, more schools switched to online textbooks, they would end up saving thousands of dollars which could be put elsewhere." I agree, says friend @ CAPS3 @ PERSON1. "@ CAPS5, we didn't have to pack so many books every day, I might not have scoliosis !" @ CAPS7, computers allow quick access to news, so that we can be informed about accidents right away instead of waiting for the newspaper to be published. @ CAPS7, computers help children develop hand-eye coordination, a very important skill. Computer activities keep our brains going and @ MONTH1 even helps us hit the next baseball season more accurately ! Three in five @ ORGANIZATION2 kids say that @ CAPS5 they didn't have a computer growing up, they wouldn't be as good at their sport. Computers are an extremely useful resource for many things that we need to take advantage of!
Dear @ CAPS1 of the journal, @ CAPS2 has no doubt that computers do @ CAPS6 benefit society. First of all, most people only have a limited time for things. Second, a lot of friends would get mad if you could see them '@ CAPS6. Last but not least, you need to pay attention to your health. In short, computers aren't always a good thing @ CAPS6. From my perspective, time is of the essence. When people are so involved in something, it's hard to back down. It's like smoking. Nicotine attracts you so once you start it is very difficult to quit. Many lazy people like to put things on hold. In other words, you are wasting time. The time that you could devote to your homework or even to work on a job, you are wasting. Other people know they have to do something but keep putting it off. For example, you have to paint your house or fix the engine of the car, but you keep putting it off. @ NUM1 people on @ NUM2 do this at @ LOCATION1 every day. As you can see, a lot of @ CAPS3 don't @ CAPS6 think too much about time. The next big topic is @ CAPS4. You and I both know that everyone needs an @ CAPS5. When you're not interacting with your @ CAPS6 friends, your friends might not bother trying to talk to you. They might not even come near you if you forget about them. Animals, on the other hand, need you. They usually sleep at home when they are lonely. I'm sure you know animals need love and you need to play with them. Parents must be @ CAPS2 for their children. When you were little @ CAPS6 did you need help ? I know I did. This is why parents need to interact a lot. In conclusion, the longer you stay with your friends and stay away from the computer, the better off you will be. That brings us to the next big topic, health. Staying healthy is no joke. If you want to live long and watch your children grow up, the healthier you are, the warmer you will be. Everyone needs exercise. Exercise helps prevent disease and keep you in shape. @ NUM3 people on @ NUM1 are overweight. When you're sitting at a computer, scripting games, or sending emails, it's like playing video games on your @ CAPS6.V. You know as everyone else, most video games are not good for you. Last but not least, most people @ CAPS6 don't eat healthy when playing video games or going on the computer. You and I both know that a healthy diet and exercise will give you a happy life. From my perspective, computers are not benefiting @ CAPS6. Time is a big thing that many @ CAPS3 don't @ CAPS6 realize. Second, @ CAPS4 which everyone needs is another important thing to consider. Last but not least, everyone, everywhere, needs to stay healthy. For a long happy life. As you can see, a lot of people would be better off without computers!
Computers are the way of the future. I believe computers benefit society. I believe so because computers allow you to talk to your family and friends online. It also gives you thousands of websites to learn valuable information. Finally, he taught hand-eye coordination. The first computers allowed you to socialize online. I know @ CAPS1 I'm home from school and can talk to pretty much every friend online. People against computers say it takes time to interact with family, however, this is not true. I talk to all of my aunts through Facebook and other social sites. Also @ CAPS1, my parents are at work and can text me over the computer without having to go get a phone and call my house. My last reason for this is that it helps me and my friends get in touch more easily, let's say I bring in a friend but he got sick. He wouldn't have to go find a number and call me, he could just text me over the Internet. My second reason is that computers help education. I know @ CAPS1 I'm stuck on a problem at home, I'm just going to go to the computer and look for the answer. Also @ CAPS1 i have to do projects, the computer is very useful for me and a lot of other kids, @ CAPS1 is doing a project, i can't get all my info in a book so i go to the computer and searches for information about the object. It really improves students' grades, as they had more resources and more information to choose from, instead of being limited to the information in the book. My last reason is that using a computer can help with hand-eye coordination. On the computer there are many sites that have very interactive sites that you can really benefit from I know of a website that was able to help me with my baseball field because it had interactive games that would actually help with things is real life, like playing baseball. I know there are other websites like this for many other sports like basketball and soccer. So the computer actually helped with real life activities. To sum up, I think that computers can benefit society a lot. Like being able to communicate with your friends. Also be able to look up school work with. Finally help with eye-hand coordination.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3, I am writing to tell you about the effects of computers on people. They teach hand-eye coordination, allow people to search for places @ CAPS1, chat online with people like family and friends. Firstly, computers teach hand-eye coordination, it helps you become better spelling and type quickly or without looking at keys. I know this has helped me and I'm sure it will help you too. Secondly, computers allow you to interact with your family and friends and let you make friends like myspace you talk to your friends and make those from @ CAPS1 facebook is more mature if you ask me to twitter also that's right for you also to talk to your friends yahoo, gmail, aol. Even teachers allow teachers to communicate with parents, which helps you communicate without everyone being in your conversation on the phone. Then it helps you search @ CAPS1 and old places like landmarks or businesses like salons, pale nails. Gyms and restaurant @ CAPS1, you can even search when a movie is coming out. A computer can help you a lot in this type of case. In conclusion, computers are good, they help you educate yourself and they can teach you that I love my computer, it helps me with my homework and study. Suppose you can't talk with someone by phone you can email or chat with them and it's so cool / fun and interesting how you can learn things @ CAPS1 it allows you to upload photos, music videos and you can type essays. The computer is very educational.
There are so many different aspects to this computer problem, well, it's simple computers that are ruining our lives. Now think how many @ CAPS1 do you see your kid on ? Computers spoil children's grades. This prevents people from driving to @ ORGANIZATION1. Also, people don't cycle a lot. Computers are a scandal. It starts with the notes first. Parents tell their child to go start your homework. They said ok, then they're over there on Facebook. More @ CAPS1 that children and parents abuse the computer. Actually @ PERCENT2 of America uses it, it might seem like a small percentage, but it's more than half the country. Me, I do not abuse the computer because I need to keep the @ CAPS6 grades. Most students have @ CAPS2-average because studies show it is because of computers. Plus, if your son has a laptop, he doesn't work if that's what you think he is. I have computers, but we have books for a reason, no spanking, no pop-ups, or no distractions while I'm working. Like once when I was working on a project, a pop-up appeared and read the traffic for free on your computer. So dume downloads it for me and @ CAPS6's parents caught me playing. Did that make you change your mind? Since you probably haven't changed your mind, here's another bad computer thing - your car. All guys love cars. Computers contain more than @ PERCENT3 of people working or driving their cars. The only person it hasn't affected is @ CAPS6's daddy, he works on his cars day in and day out. @ CAPS6 grandma told me something interesting the next day, “@ CAPS3 your dad comes to visit me more can @ CAPS6 other sons, @ CAPS6 ohter sons are computer enthusiasts.” People go today 'hui ban computers. Lately I've seen fewer and fewer people outside. There's only one reason for that, all people are shaved in their basements in the dark, so when their light turns their eyes, it's so bright. Come on, has that changed your mind now. Well since you are still reading it means you can't make up your mind. Well now people are starting to no longer want to ride a bike. This is facebook, this is what they think, "@ CAPS4 talking now why do I have to roll over to speak in person?" This @ PERCENT1 just for what they think. Because we are loading a test of all the kids who have Facebook, and that's what everyone has said around them. I know the amazing @ CAPS5, home mom said, "@ CAPS6's son is gaining weight all she does is eat and go to facebook. When he's not on for during the day, I also catch it at night. " It's a sad story for this mother. I ride a lot @ CAPS6 this is a true story once I was sitting down doing nothing really @ CAPS6 mom said we biked for @ NUM1 miles. I got up and did it too. It must have made you change your mind, or nothing will. So, in conclusion, I have no more ideas for no computers and why. But don't forget your grades, your cars, and your weight. So please change your mind.
Dear Diary I think computers are good is because you can learn things about far places using them, you can also hear the latest news and you can communicate with people. At school, many research projects from other places focus on other places in the world. When using a computer, you can read articles about the place and also get photos and use them in a slideshow or photo essay. There are also educational websites where kids can learn their math facts on multiplication tables @ CAPS1, the computer is a good learning tool. The computer can keep you up to date with the news! they are news sites that publish up-to-the-minute information on world news and tell the world what kind of disaster has happened in a faraway place halfway around the world. Most of the time, families are spread around the world, you can chat with your family or friends who have moved through a simple chat room, and you can keep up to date with what has happened in the life of the person. each and it's a good tool for the family to keep in touch @ CAPS1 the computer has a lot of benefits that a lot of people all over the world can use, learning. About a Faraway Country to chat with Cuson who lives in California and also find out what's going on in your own hometown.
@ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS1 has been the subject of much discussion about whether computers affect people in a positive or negative way. I believe that computers negatively affect most people. I think this is because people lose their relationship skills "when talking through the computer, computers @ MONTH1 also lead to danger, and because people tend to forget their priorities in life. i know. most people who use computers use them to talk instead of hanging out with their friends they talk through the computer and if that's what they are doing more than hanging out in person they won't recognize not the facial expressions given to them by some people, while speaking in person you get the full experience of communicating with them. You get the volume of the void besides the facial expressions. You also get the body language you cannot get on the computer unless you are using a webcam. Computers have led to many dangers. These dangers affect every user and their families. @ CAPS1 have been many cases of young teens tricked by ader users into showing them parts of their bodies to trick teens into believing that the former user can understand his problems and is the same age. sometimes the teenager is persuaded to leave their home and neighborhood to meet the other user. In addition, another type of danger is cyberbullying. Cyber bubbles lower your self-esteem. Bullies will call you names and pick on you and sometimes make you feel suicidal. If we hadn't had a computer, none of these dangers would occur. With computers, people have lost their judgment on top priorities. Certain uses of computers tend to overlook important things in life such as family, work at school, and their own health. Some people prefer to stay on the computer rather than spending time with family and friends. Others tend to choose to skip homework and socialize on the computer instead. Since they are on the computer a lot, they seem to ignore their health. They don't exercise as much and eat as healthy. So, in my opinion, life without computers would be good for everyone. People would still have the relationship skills they had before, their danger wouldn't be as great, and people would focus more on the important things than their social life online. "
Dear, @ ORGANIZATION1, I think computers have a positive effect on people, but I don't think computers are the reason people don't exercise or enjoy nature. People make their own choices in life. The computer is right there. If someone chooses to be on the computer instead of spending time with their family, that is their choice and the problem, not the computers. I, for example, love working and playing on the computer. Even though I'm on the computer, I still do things like talk to my family, play basketball, and hang out with my friends. Now it's my choice to do all of this. I can easily sit in my room and be on the computer all the time. There is nothing wrong with doing this because it is my choice in life. No one should be able to tell you to quit the computer because it's your choice in life. If you want to be on the computer instead of going out, it's your choice. Only you know what is best for you.
Dear editor, I have heard that some experts say that @ CAPS1 is spending too much time online. I think they are wrong. With the use of the Internet, people can learn about faraway places without spending any money to get there. Our soldiers use the Internet to talk to their family and friends in the United States. It also helps us acquire excellent hand-eye coordination. If anyone were planning a trip to @ LOCATION1, they would check the internet often. First, they would check out the sites to go to @ LOCATION1. Second, they would check and compare @ LOCATION1 hotels. Third, they would check the weather at @ LOCATION1. Finally, they would check airports for flights to and from @ LOCATION1. Without the Internet, planning a vacation would be next to impossible. People use the Internet not only for fun, but also for communication purposes. They use webcams to talk online to people in remote places. It's a fast, free, and convenient way to communicate with other people. Our military uses webcams to let soldiers talk to their families. How would you feel if you were a soldier fighting for your country and the means to talk to your family were there, but you couldn't use them. It is cruel and unfair to prevent soldiers from talking to their families. The Internet also gives us something useful. It helps us develop hand-eye coordination. Hand-eye coordination is used in many things. In basketball, you have to be able to look up and dribble at the same time. When driving, you must be able to look up while being able to steer the car. Without hand-eye coordination, many more accidents would occur due to errors without carlies. The internet helps people make the world a safer place. In some ways, the experts are correct. We have to go out and enjoy nature, but we also have to enjoy and use the internet. Some people use it as a pleasure and to strengthen hand-eye coordination. While others use it to talk to their loved ones. Or use it to plan a vacation. It doesn't matter who you are or what you do, the internet plays an important role in your life.
Dear @ PERSON3 from @ LOCATION1, I firmly believe that computers affect us in a positive way. Computers are advancing and so are their uses, computers are awesome and they are not our thought process or have gone for a run outside and play sports. Computers help us find and talk to relatives and friends, they allow us to learn different things about Farien places. They're also great for research! First of all, computers affect us positively when it comes to finding and talking to family and friends. My mom was adopted and @ NUM1 years ago she really wanted to find her biological family, a year later her biological dad found her on this website where you can locate her family, she found her family and I now have two more @ CAPS1, @ PERSON1 and @ PERSON2, and a cousin @ PERSON4. I like them all very much. I couldn't have gotten to know them without the computer, speaking of communication, I was working like a dog on this big science project that I had. we couldn't do it in person and it's @ CAPS3 impossible for a three way four person. So we emailed our ideas and thoughts and were able to complete the project. "@ CAPS2 are never enough hours in the day !" @ CAPS3 something @ CAPS3 was saying fluently. More than @ PERCENT1 of adults complain that @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 never spend enough time in the day. That @ CAPS3 a statistic of @ ORGANIZATION1. The computer lets you multitask so you can be on your business call and email your mom to let her know you haven't forgotten her birthday. In addition, computers help us understand other countries and learn more about their culture and performance. @ CAPS2 are a lot of people who don't have televisions and they get their news from the internet. Also for projects, in @ NUM2 grade, I had to learn more about @ CAPS4, the country of @ LOCATION2. it would take countless hours to find researching books, you will find a lot of stuff you don't need, but on the computer it's @ CAPS3 quick and easy. If you need to know something, you can just type it in and, boom ! You have it where, like using a book you would always be looking for what you need. Time @ CAPS3 something we cannot afford to waste in this economy. Plus, computers are great for all kinds of research and direction. People who think that people spend too much time on the computer and exercise aren't always right. I don't know about you, @ PERSON3, but I am constantly looking for different sizes of exercises to have a flat stomach. Most of my friends do it with me. I'm also looking for directions, finding routs on maps is maddening and takes forever. Go to the computer, the maps are always updated and you can get directions easy and fast! I don't know about you but I like it quick and easy. Getting back to research, what about solving crimes ? Quickly identify people with fingerprints so no one can get hurt. In conclusion, computers affect us more in a positive way and are of great help to society, from locating people to communicating and finding valuable and life changing information. Hope you and I agree on this issue, advanced computers are our friends and not our enemies.
As more and more people get used to using computers, I think it is having a negative effect on society. Because of computers, people don't exercise as much as they should, which is critically important. Moreover, people become incapable of sending and appreciating nature while they still can. Finally, people are slowly starting to improve their ability to communicate with family and friends. As people come in contact with technology every day, they lose touch with the world around them. Therefore, technological advancements have a negative effect on society. When the average person uses computers, whether for business, homework, chatting, or just for fun, they are easily occupied for long periods of time. They consider themselves "too busy" for something called exercise which is becoming more and more crucial to our health and well-being. With music, walking, cool friends right in front of us, who has live music. Is it time to go for a walk, jog or cycle ? with computers, people are the will to exercise. Nowadays, when becomes one, we need our exercise more. Every day the rainforests shown on one, polluted and darkened. We need and because of the realization of a screen @ ORGANIZATION1. We must write and enjoy with @ ORGANIZATION1. As time passes by the technology of communication via the Internet, this matter of helping @ CAPS1, healthy relationships becomes an increasingly serious problem. "@ CAPS1 @ CAPS2" is something that does not completely exist on the Internet. This means that while you @ MONTH1 find someone you can call a "friend" online, you never know exactly who they are until you actually meet them ... which could be potentially dangerous. . Additionally, the very @ CAPS1 emotions and human need for interaction that accompany relationships can never be simulated or programmed, no matter how "advanced" your technology is. As you can see, the addiction and the average computer have a negative effect on our society. We don't take the time to exercise and interact with humans, which is bad for our health. And in a world where it is more important than ever to do so. healthy, grateful and diplomatic, we are slowly losing importance. Therefore, @ ORGANIZATION1, has a negative effect on society.
Dear, @ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS1 is calling me @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 and I am a college student @ ORGANIZATION1. I want to express an opinion on how the computer affects people. There are a lot of things like games, chat rooms, social stuff. Also information for homework or for work and employment. Well let's start with @ CAPS1 The opinion of people using a computer is good, only fools don't use a computer. They help you a lot like, let's say I'm cool and forgot how to do something, I'm just going to go to the computer and set it up and it's that easy. I have been using a computer all @ CAPS1's life and I'm smart, sometimes even help @ CAPS1 mom use the computer. Chat rooms are good for you, you can make new friends, and you can talk to your family members, like your dad or mom if they live in another part of the world. I talk to @ CAPS1 cansen all the time not reuily a bit and he lives in colombia. I also talk to friends from @ CAPS1 on facebook to ask them what the homework was sometimes. Games, games are fun when you are bored or have nothing to do. You can play different kinds of games like action or if you want a chenllens you can play hard games i am thinking of games like chess or sodotea. To help your brain think about exercising your brian. Games can help you get to know the computer better as if they are bored, many people don't even know how to type without looking at the board. I have to watch it. Well so where same opinion I had on the computer. Even though people think it takes time to exercise and interact with people, it really isn't the time. Brian is exercising there and they can interact with people. So see you next time
Dear local newspaper, In my opinion, computers are a help for our factory. New technology makes life easier to manage. The computer is a help because it teaches eye-hand coordination. You can talk to people, and it's a new way to be entertained. Computers can teach hand-eye coordination through typing. Whether someone knows it or not, when you type quickly it helps. Also the fact that you type without doing also helps as it makes your hand easier to move. Typing gives your hand a lot of exercise because your hands move all over the place. The more you move them, the more exercises you can get. Computers can really help hand eye coordination a lot. Computers can also help by talking to people. To talk to distant people, it is better to talk on the computer because if you have a webcam, you can see yourself. You are able to talk to people from different countries. Computers can also be used in business meetings when one company needs to talk to another from different locations. For example, if part of the company is doing a project in Hong Kong, the boss can set up a meeting to see how it goes. Another way to use computers to talk to people is to talk with someone you can't see in person. As if a person is in the hospital but you cannot go, then you can speak while seeing yourself start the computer. Computers are a great way to communicate. The computer is also a new way to be entertained. They can keep you entertained because there are games that you can play. There are games that come with computers and a lot of games on the Internet. Other than that they are bored all the time, you can play thousands of games with just the click of a mouse. Also in order not to get bored, you can watch videos like youtube. You can listen to music or watch comedy videos. The video also shows a way to express how you feel and incorporate that into comedic, horror, or sad videos. Also for teens there are ways to talk to their friends like Facebook. On the website, you can speak with anyone on your friends list. Ultimately, the computer can help children, adults or adolescents. With the click of a mouse, you can experience powerful new technology. And being able to have better hand-eye coordination, talk to people and be entertained. So go get yourself a computer and marvel!
Dear local newspaper @ CAPS1, are you administering your new local newspaper at the company ? You are probably using a computer to type documents. If government, businesses, schools, students, and local newspapers use computers for various tasks, then isn't @ CAPS1 useful ? Computers are mainly used for typing, editing and presenting as previously stated, local newspapers are required to use computers to present their work. As a member of society, I knew I wouldn't want to read something that isn't typed anyway. The government should announce the laws to the people and use typed documents to communicate with different countries and states. Without computers, posters, flyers, businesses and even newspapers would not be possible. You are late for work to be able to travel on the highway. @ CAPS1 are you supposed to explain to your boss on time ? You can just email her the situation and get to work stress-free. Most of the world uses computers as a source of communication, so why be indifferent? Computers make life easier for people through communications like email, social networking websites like Facebook and Aol, and even video chat. Computers are an excellent source of communication which is even used in all schools. Teachers and administrator interact with each other with an important message using computers. if computers are important to them, could @ CAPS1 be destructive to society ? As a student at a western college, I know how many projects and research we have to do per class. Without the Internet, it would be almost impossible. Internet allows research. Once the research is complete, the paper or assignment should be typed and printed. Without the help of computers, it would not be possible to have well-written and well-researched homework. In conclusion, I think computers are a great technological advancement and should be used as often as possible. Without them, newspapers could not be printed, teachers could not communicate, and students could not complete school tasks. As a student, I know they help me in school and communicate with my friends and family. If computers are such a useful source for society, why would people see them as a concern?
Dear local newspaper I think using computers helps people because if we didn't have computers we wouldn't be talking about eney or whatever like all @ CAPS1 lives like @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 was shot in the back of the head and. @ CAPS4 got shot and I know a lot about @ ORGANIZATION1 there, white people who must be afraid of blacks and the same with wars like the world @ NUM1 and the world @ NUM2 and the @ CAPS5 and @ PERSON1 and the @ CAPS6 war over there was like a simple palin spy flying through @ LOCATION1 and they shot him down because we were trying to see if they had a supply of nukes there. And the same with google and yahoo with google you can type eneything and you will get a reply and most liked a reply corect yahoo and google is great for some work and products finish studying because you do and i think that this computer are good.
Hour after hour of gambling online and blogging on social networking sites, that's all you see. Ignoring the surroundings, many people concentrate on their computer screens and only break @ CAPS4 that is absolutely necessary. It's not what the world should be, but it's what society is creating. Computers do not create positive benefits for society. As a result of all the time spent on the computer, the body of people suffers from the negative effects. There is also less and less face-to-face interaction with family and friends. Another major problem is cyber harassment. These are all issues that need to be resolved. With all the time spent in front of a computer in a dark, stuffy room, how will our bodies be properly maintained ? Exercise is a key ingredient in a healthy lifestyle. It is like trying to make bread without flour, without it the bread will not increase to its full potential. The same is true for the health and functions of our body. Exercise should be done to burn fat and calories, but it is also necessary for building and maintaining muscle. In fact, the muscles start, it is recommended to do at least an hour of outdoor play exercise per day. Not many people achieve this goal, which causes another negative effect on the body. @ CAPS2 @ CAPS1 helps maintain strong bones. To get the recommended dose of @ CAPS2 @ CAPS1 per day, all you need to do is get @ NUM1 minutes of sunlight per day. It doesn't sound like much but @ PERCENT1 of our population is not out to receive it. Instead, they're inside their computers. Parties, lunch breaks, or even a family dinner are great times to socialize. But, what if one day you decide to skip your lunch break with friends and spend some time blogging daily. It is wasted social time. If this habit persists, you might soon find yourself pulling away from your friends because you don't make time to spend your lunch break with them. Even @ CAPS4 a kid interacts with @ CAPS4 chatting with friends on @ CAPS5 or @ CAPS6, anything can be said. Children will not learn at a young age to think about their factual language. This will affect their last years of interview @ CAPS4 for things like colleges or even jobs. Social skills make the difference between success and failure. Spending your life on a computer is like being a caterpillar while at least trying to be an extreme will transform you @ CAPS7 and @ CAPS7 are all created with the threatening cyberbullying. One easy way to avoid this is to spend less time in front of the computer. The effects of cyberbullying can be brutal. A recent study showed that @ PERCENT2 of children would rather be bullied face to face than on the Internet. The reason for this is that it is cruelty through internet cyberbullying because it takes a lot less courage to type something than it takes for a bully to say something to the victims facing them. victims. Such cyberbullying has even led to suicides. In fact, a girl took her own life due to cyberbullying just @ NUM2 weeks ago. If you don't have one In conclusion, computers have more negative effects than positive effects on society. Lack of exercise and proper maintenance of the body result. It also results in reduced social interactions and skills. And perhaps more importantly, the cyberbullying that takes lives is happening. To prevent society from turning into a social mess and hitting the glow of computer screens, let's all turn the monitor and go out with nature and all its blessings.
I believe that computers benefit our society for many reasons. Computers have been around for many years now and everywhere you go you usually see one. It must mean that people like it then. These are all fun uses and experiences that you can have with a computer. Computers make people happy and it improves society because it is happier. they make people happy because you can play games like tetris, @ CAPS1 and even cards. Computer games make people happy because whenever they are bored and doing nothing you can jump on the computer and play a game. Some of the awesome games shown on computer are @ CAPS1, cards, pinball and other great games. The computer makes the house happier because as soon as the children come home from school, they use it to play or chat with friends. Another reason computers benefit society is that you can now pay bills and buy things over the Internet. When you pay bills or buy things on the internet, you don't have to go out and waste gasoline money which makes people very happy when they save money. It also saves pollution, because if a car does not come out there is less, so computers also save society. My last reason computers benefit society is that they can make you smarter and do better in school by learning about people or cultures often. For example, in my last social science research project, I used the computer and got an A. It made me happy, so it actually makes society happy. Now you have my reasons why computers benefit society. They make us happy, make us smarter, and make us a better society for it. I love computers and everyone should too.
Dear local newspaper. I claim that the more computers people use, the less they spend with their families. I have three reasons why the computer is good or bad. Not everyone agrees that IT is good for society. The positive effect and the negative effect that computers have on people. My reason for supporting this @ CAPS1 that computers are good or bad is that computers have a positive effect on people. The second @ CAPS1 is being able to talk to other people online. The last @ CAPS1 I have is spending more time with family than on the computer. The first resonance I have for computers is how they have for computers, is how they have a positive effect on people. The examples I need to take care of this @ CAPS1 are that hand-eye coordination of computer technology, computers have given people the ability to know more about distant places and people. The second reason I have about computers is that you talk to people online. The examples I have to support my @ CAPS1 are the website that kids allow us to tell their friends about like myspace and facebook. The places this kid likes to go are the tutubes and even the blogs about everything and everyone. Some of these things can be good if you don't post a photo or whatever on your myspace or facebook. I think these websites are dangerous because someone can hack your file and try to talk to you as their friend. The third reason I have to take charge of my @ CAPS1 is that we should be spending more time with our family than being on the computer all the time I have an example of what we should be doing with or families at instead of being on computers I have @ CAPS1 games we can play with our families instead of being on computers, Games we can play with our families are monopoly, somy, canda landy card, games video, we can also talk to our family instead of talking to our friends all the time. When we can enjoy what we want, we live not only with computers, but with our families. Inconclusion I state my opinion that more time people spend on computers than with their own families. I have three answers on why computers are good or bad. The r \ ess that I have to support my @ CAPS1 is that computers have a positive effect on people, to be able to talk to people online, to spend more time with family than on the computer.
Dear Diary, @ CAPS1 computers have drawbacks, but they also have a lot of advantages. Some advantages are that they show beautiful nature photos and that would be photos until you wanted to email them. You can even order plane, train and movie tickets. Let's not forget about shopping and the internet. If you go on the internet you can find lots of pictures of whatever you want. Such as pictures of nature, celebrities. About @ PERCENT1 of all the pictures on the internet are true. A computer can also contain photos that you take with a digital camera. It can even take a project from a flash drive and then download it. The computer can even email the images to any existing email. If you want to go to the movies or on vacation, you can buy movie tickets online. You can get them on any ticket sales website. If you want to go on vacation, you can get your hotel tickets, even your plane ticket, or your boat ticket online. Buying tickets is not the only thing you can do on the internet that you can buy things for. You can order @ CAPS2, @ CAPS2 @ NUM1, @ CAPS2 @ NUM2, game cube, x-box, x-box @ NUM3, wii, computer games yourself. You can even buy the game systems. You can buy home appliances. You can also put clothes and other store products on hold. On the Internet, you can watch videos on almost any website you visit. Some @ MONTH1 are weed, some @ MONTH1 are funny, some @ MONTH1 are even weird. @ PERCENT2 of all teens love to watch music videos. Some are just the artist singing and dancing in the background, other times people are laughing at other artists. Even though computers have advantages and disadvantages, they have more advantages. Like the examples in the passage above.
Dear local newspaper, I disagree with people who say that people spend too much time on their computers. Because people can learn almost anything they want from a computer, there are also a lot of reasons why people should use advanced technology, they can teach kids how to find homework answers in such a way. fast instead of reading a book or taking a class and still getting the full underestimate. People who say other people spend too much time on their computers are also right, but they can still interact with friends and family, play games, talk to each other, even learn new things together - all through a computer. . One thing they were right about was to go out and enjoy nature, you can't do that on a computer, but you can help nature on a computer, like trying to blog. Something people do so that others can see and spread the word and on this blog he can stay stop cutting down trees for stores or stop killing animals for there or whatever you do. have no habit of writing. So people reading this should agree with me because there is a lot you can do on a computer and learn a lot more than you ever thought you could. So go out and find yourself a computer and find something you need to do or learn or just have fun.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1's opinion on the effects of computers on people is a positive one. Three main reasons are that people learn more about cultures, places and some people work online. @ CAPS1 The number one reason computers have a positive effect on people is that they help you learn about cultures around the world. Learning about cultures is very important because if people are traveling they have to know how they can respect each other. @ CAPS1 The second reason that computers have a positive effect on people is because they help you discover places in the world. Finding out about the place is very important because you could get lost. It also helps you by telling you which places are famous to visit. @ CAPS1 The third reason that computers have a positive effect on people is that some people find jobs online. Other people are working online. It benefits people in a positive way. In conclusion, computers have a positive effect on people because they help people discover the cultures, places and jobs that surround them.
@ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS1 are many people in this world who think that being always on the computer is good because they can talk with people online and learn more about the world. But then @ CAPS1 are people who disagree with them. I am one of those people. Spending too much time on the computer can really affect your life. People stop exercising, don't enjoy the beauty of nature or life, and don't spend enough time with family and friends. So, I hope as you read this letter that you take some of this information into consideration. First of all, when people spend a lot of time on the computer, they don't get all the exercise their body needs. They get lazy and don't want to do anything. This is very bad because it will affect your health and the rest of your life. People @ MONTH1 get overweight and because they have gotten lazy while still on the computer, they won't go out and get the exercise their body needs. People need to enjoy their lives! Being still on the computer, they won't be able to. @ CAPS1 are all fun and healthy things you can do for your body. You can play sports and have fun while exercising. A lot of people do and try to encourage their family and friends to do it with them. But some of their family and friends are too lazy to do anything because they are still on the computer. Instead, they stay inside the house all locked up and don't get enough fresh air. It is a horrible thing to do for yourself. Your body craves fresh air, so start enjoying your life a little more! Finally, @ MONTH1 people lose contact with their friends' family members because they are too busy on the computer playing games. I know I would never want to lose a friend to the internet again and I don't think anyone else would. I once lost a friend or two because I didn't talk to them as much as I used to because I had been too busy on the computer on @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3 and games. I felt horrible because I didn't know I had done this. I really wouldn't want anyone else to lose contact with a family member or lose a friend to the Internet. It's horrible and you don't feel like yourself anymore. Again, I would like to tell you that always being on the Internet is not good. You can get lazy, not wanting to do anything etc. people are not getting the most out of their lives and you and @ MONTH1 can lose touch with a family member or friend because you spend too much time on the phone. computer. Hope after reading this you realize that being on the computer is not always good for you.
Dear Local Newspaper, I believe that computers are an extremely useful tool in society. It helps people learn new things about different cultures. In addition, it allows you to communicate with your friends and family via the Internet, for example using Facebook or @ CAPS1. Finally, it provides a precise research tool for school projects, or interviews. First, getting to know different cultures helps the world stay together. For example, here we are learning @ CAPS2 and @ CAPS3. Each class teaches us to respect this culture more and more. However, some people are not lucky enough to get this land of education, so they turn to the internet. If the computer did not exist, we might not know the way of life NUM1 km away from us. We wouldn't know if their lifestyles are extremely difficult or luxurious. Also, we wouldn't know if we could help them or not. For example, the earthquake at @ LOCATION1 which. It is one more step towards world peace, no more war or conflict. Second, the computer helps you communicate with your friends and family around the world. I remember once sending a mail to friends of my family who were at @ LOCATION2, risking his life. I knew he couldn't come back to town, so I started emailing him and video chatting with him. Every time I saw her face, I knew it was okay. I don't know how I would have done it without the Internet. Other ways of living, you could too. Also, just communicate with friends! websites, as extremely useful. Finally, you use the computer for educational purposes. For example, research projects, study tools and trials. Anytime a search is on the internet. This extremely reliable and precise. However, some websites are bogus which is easy to use search for school projects. Also, I know that many teachers in my school have a blog or page where they put their @ CAPS4, study links, and documents, just in case we lose them. Whenever a test is coming up, my teacher @ CAPS2, @ CAPS5 would have links on it to help use the study. There is also another website that helps us study vocabulary. It also has many games which allow you to learn our vocabulary words. As you can see, the computer helps us in our daily use and has a positive impact on our society. From educational goals to learning about cultures and socializing with friends, it helps us get through life. As a newspaper and a very successful person, I guess you will understand how the computer has had a positive effect on society.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION2, @ CAPS1, there has been a lot of talk about how computers affect society. Some " experts " say that computers are good for society and some think that the opposite computers are bad for society because they make children obese, decrease a person's social skills and even make children less educated. Computers are just plain bad. In recent years, studies have shown that children who use computers often are less likely and less willing to be active. Dr @ PERSON1 says : "The more computers children use, the more time they waste @ CAPS3 by not being active at all." A study conducted @ CAPS3 @ ORGANIZATION1 shows that children who use the computer @ NUM1 hours per day are more obese than children who use it one hour or less per day. Computers keep children indoors all day. A child on the computer is wasting time not being active. The main reason kids get fat on the computer is that it's easier to just go on the computer than it is to walk and exercise energy. Computers are a direct cause of childhood obesity and a threat to society. Some of you @ MONTH1 think a computer can increase social skills, and you are totally wrong ! On a computer, you can " talk " to friends, but it's not like you're actually talking to them. On a computer, you can talk privately and say whatever you want. In public, if you say something bad, you will be in a lot of trouble. A computer offers no face-to-face interaction. So when a person who often uses a computer attends a social gathering, they are usually very uncomfortable. My cousin spends all his time on the computer and when I went to his house for Christmas he never took his eyes off the screen! Computers are destroying the social life of millions of people. Did you know that people who use the computer often are generally less intelligent than children who don't ? Computer "experts" say computers can be used for endless missions. The key word in this strawberry is "can". just because kids have knowledge at their fingertips doesn't mean they're going to use it. On many projects and homework I have kids who say "@ CAPS2 just copied and printed an article on google." Copying and Printing @ CAPS3 students learn nothing. Computers are slowly making people less educated. Since the invention of the computer, people have seen promises for society. Now computers are destroying @ CAPS3 society making people fat, socially strange, and less educated. So how can people still think computers are good?
Dear local newspaper, I just read your article about using the computer. In my opinion, I think computers are a good thing. Still, I think it could also have a negative influence. I believe that computers are one of the best technologies of mankind. You can type, learn about historical events, different places and different cultures. You can talk to people from far away using chat or webcam. This is what I use to talk to my @ CAPS1 who live at @ LOCATION2. Computers are one of the best things that have ever happened to me and my life. However, while the computer can be such a good thing, it can also be bad. A lot of people have used it too much too. I actually know one person and he is a very nice person. She is sweet, caring, loves children and has a good heart. The only thing is, she's addicted to @ CAPS2. She loves @ CAPS2. Sometimes when she comes I will use my laptop and she will ask to check her @ CAPS2 status. What I mean is that it allows @ CAPS2 to support it. uncool. I read an article the other day on using the computer at @ LOCATION1. Dr. @ PERSON1 has covered this article on the subject of computer use. She said, "The average American spends four or more hours on the computer. Although there are other people who spend their time outside when the weather is nice. I congratulate them on that." See, now you've heard it from the expert too. In conclusion, I would like to state that computers can have a positive or negative influence as well. It all depends on how you use it and how much time you spend on it. So my point that I would like to meet @ LOCATION1 is that you are using your computer wisely. Don't spend all your time on it. Life is too short for that. So hang out with your family and friends and go out too!
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 do you spend a lot of time on the computer daily, @ NUM1 hour, @ NUM2 hour. While computers are amazing technological advancements, they are also very bad for you. People spend hours on the computer, reducing the time they spend exercising, talking horribly, and doing dangerous research. From @ DATE2 to @ DATE3, the number of obese people increased from @ PERCENT2 of @ LOCATION2 citizens to @ PERCENT1. In a recent study, the number of families with computers is now @ NUM3 on @ DATE1 compared to @ NUM4 on @ DATE1 in @ DATE4. Scientists wonder if they were connected and realized that they were. People who spend hours on the computer lead sedentary lives. They are more likely to use the computer than to exercise. Lack of exercise causes obesity and cardiovascular problems. Without this valuable exercise, more people are. During a hospital visit, a surgeon said he saw a dramatic increase in heart surgeries at @ DATE1. We have found that the computer manual booklets say they only last @ NUM1 hour at a time. The hottest thing online these days is social networking, whether it's @ CAPS6's Twitter or Facebook. These social networks allow teens to chat with their friends. But @ CAPS6 really doesn't speak. For example, they write @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 while dancing @ NUM2. Not only is the spelling bad, but also the grammar. And this language doesn't just stay online, @ CAPS6 is now speaking. @ PERSON1, the grandmother of a social network said, "I can't even have conversations with her because she talks like she's on the computer. @ CAPS6 is so sad." @ CAPS5 for public speaking and English lessons, @ PERSON2 an English teacher for @ NUM7 @ DATE1 says @ CAPS2 that she has seen a decline in the ability of adolescents to write correctly and @ CAPS2 when 'she corrects the essay written in the form of a social network. "@ CAPS6 is hard to watch the literature dissolve because kids spend so much time on the computer. The average day for @ LOCATION1 @ CAPS7 kids is to come home and use the computer for hours. hours until a parent comes home. @ CAPS2 would you like your child to be surfing the internet alone without you for hours when you don't know what they are doing. Blocker parents can't do big thing. Children can find the password and internet around @ CAPS6. The dangers are always there. You can get a lot of good information on the internet, but you can also get a lot of bad information. You don't know what your child is looking for or talking to on the computer, @ CAPS6 might be "@ CAPS8", whoever lives four blocks away.
Dear Diary, @ CAPS1, Some people think that computers do not benefit society, I do. Computers help businesses thrive, keep people up to date with what's going on in the world, and keep people in touch with each other. Computers are of great benefit to businesses large and small around the world. Imagine all the work every business does without a computer. Businesses would be unreliable as no instant contact would mean assembly and shipping of products could take a long time. Any business owner cringes at the idea of running a business without a computer. When surveyed, @ NUM1 on @ NUM2 business owners and workers would prefer IT support at work. Almost all modern businesses rely on at least one computer. For example, companies that mass-produce their products often rely on computers to perform tasks more precisely than a worker. Sometimes computer-controlled robots do hazardous work so that workers are not at risk. Businesses also need computers to quickly receive and send information to other businesses and people. Computers aren't the only need for businesses. People use computers as much, if not more, than businesses. People like you and I use computers to keep in touch with friends and people we know. Thanks to websites like @ CAPS2 and emails, people can easily stay in touch. Families use computers to schedule meetings. Friends use computers to keep in touch after elementary school or if they don't live nearby. With computers, anyone who is anywhere can be in constant contact with anyone else. People also like to know the news immediately. Without computers it would be much more difficult to contact the rest of the world. Imagine a natural disaster happening and not knowing it right away. In this case, we could not send aid to the region. With the recent earthquakes at @ LOCATION1 and @ LOCATION2. Knowing the rest of the world is even more important. Newspapers provide news and information but a day or two late and they often use computers to get that information. Eighty-seven percent of scientists agree that it would be much more difficult to receive information.
Imagine standing outside, the hot sun dancing on your back, jumping into the pool and feeling the cool water rushing around you. But no, that will not happen. Because kids and their parents spend way too much time on their computers. People don't exercise enough, it can be very dangerous, and families spend less time with each other without a computer, so it's worse with them. I think people need to realize that computers trump humans. Humans, especially children, need exercise. But with computers, that's not really possible. More and more children are becoming obese year after year. Computers make it faster. Instead of sitting at the computer eating crisps, kids should be outside on their bikes, swimming, or playing sports with their friends. If it's winter, the least the kids can do is go sledding. Children need to experience nature, not a computer screen. The computer can also be very dangerous. @ NUM1 years are doing facebook ! You can find @ NUM2 years old on the internet now. Naive teenagers will look for "friends" in chatrooms or on @ CAPS2, and their "friends" lie to them, about their age, about another identity. Many teens will meet someone they have met online and end up being raped or killed. There are a lot of sick people in the world, and a lot of them are using the Internet to find people. Lots of teens give out personal information like last name, cell phone number, or place of residence, and it's an easy way for predators to find it. This puts them and their entire families in danger. Computers are breaking up families and friends. Things like @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3, farmpring, @ CAPS4, etc. people are pitted against each other. Some families even dine in front of the computer. When friends visit other friends' homes, they just sit on the computer. Why is it so fun to just look at the computer screen? Families need to do something together, like having dinner together, going out for ice cream, shopping, doing something, anything but spending the day at the computer. I admit that I am a bit addicted to computers. But I don't go @ NUM3, like some people. Instead of having dinner in front of the computer, go out to dinner with your family. Instead of shopping online, go shopping with your friends. It's not hard to go back to @ NUM4 or @ NUM5 hours of computer use. Am I the only teenager who thinks this? May be. But I know I am taking advantage of the computer reduction. We are not getting enough exercise, it can become very dangerous, and family and friends should start spending more time together. Computers can do more than humans, and we have to stop it.
Dear local newspaper, I agree that people are spending more time on computers and less time doing other important things. For example, they don't spend time exercising, enjoying nature, and they don't spend time with their families. These are very important things that people don't understand that they are missing. First, people who spend a lot of time on the computer don't exercise. Playing sports is good for your health. If you don't exercise as you get older, your bones will work. In addition, you could put on weight and it is bad for your heart. Just to be on the computer, people don't pay attention to their health. Second, people don't appreciate the beautiful nature that is outside. It's beautiful when you hear the birds singing or see the plants outside. People forget about nature. They don't recycle to keep the planet clean. The air we smell is not pure because they don't care about nature. Instead of being on the computer, they could help make the world a better place. Finally, people don't spend time with the people who love them. Spending time with your family is very important. People don't realize that the first thing in life is your family. Instead of being on the computer, it's fun going to the beach with your kids, wife, dad, etc. In conclusion, I think computers affect people. People just because they're on the computer, aren't exercising, enjoying nature, and spending time with their families. Now that you've heard my, I ask you to think about yours.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, computers have a very positive effect on people. I agree that computers have a positive effect. They teach hand-eye coordination. It gives people the chance to learn more about people and places, and you can talk online @ CAPS3 The first reason is that computers teach hand-eye coordination. for example, when you learn to type, you can memorize the keys. Therefore, you don't have to look at the keyboard. Computers also teach hand-to-eye when using a mouse. When you want to click on something, you have to look at the screen and move the mouse to click on the icon. @ CAPS3 The last reason computers teach with the eye of the hand is once you know what to do, you don't have to look for an icon on the screen. You can just move the mouse to a place on the screen and do nothing. Computers teach hand-eye coordination when you type, when you move the mouse to click an icon, and when you memorize all icons. @ CAPS3 second reason is that computers make you smarter. For example, if you have a history project and you need to know about China, you can use the computer. How many times would China appear in the newspapers ? Using the computer can access information quickly. Another example is that computers can find information about famous people that no one knew. You might be able to find which college a famous actor went to in seconds. @ CAPS3 last example is that a search engine can search for famous images. If you are working on a project that requires photos, @ ORGANIZATION1 may have the photos you need. Computers make you smarter because you can search for different countries, you can search for famous people and countries. @ CAPS3 The last reason is that computers give you the ability to talk online with friends, for example you might catch up with friends you don't see much in school. Talking online is as fast as texting. Plus, you can continue a conversation you had with a friend. Did the bell ring in the middle of a conversation? Well you can continue on @ CAPS4 or @ CAPS5. Finally, you can just talk. You can make plans or talk about upcoming events. Computers allow you to talk to your friends. In conclusion, computers have a positive effect on others. You can get hand-eye coordination, search for foreign countries and people, and talk with your friends.
Since the invention of computers, a colossal change in the functioning of society has taken place. People can use their computers to communicate with their peers, get information on any topic for a school newspaper, or just from the Internet to watch videos and stories. Magazine and newspaper articles, books and even movies and shows are available on today's computer ! This technological advance has made the @ NUM1 century the most modern era the world has ever known and is beneficial to society. The "computer age" has given people in today's society the incredible opportunity to expand their imaginations through technology. In less than a minute, you can go online, type @ ORGANIZATION1 whatever movie or book you want, and start watching instantly. People have always said books can take you anywhere. Well, computers can do the same thing, with greater efficiency and with more places to choose from. You can, instead of buying a book, go online and read about the faraway town of @ LOCATION1, or the eruption of @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, and you can do it at blazing speed. Some believe that by wasting time on computers, people are using up time that could be spent on study or with family. However, any information you need to know about a subject can be found on the Internet. And if you want to spend time with your family, you can even watch your computer in front of a TV and watch a free movie with the family! The computer age is here and it is exactly the case. What society needs. Imagine this: you are doing a school project that you don't know anything about. Do you prefer to drive for a few minutes and thirty minutes looking for everything you need, or do you think it's more than spending five minutes looking for the website you need on the internet ? Obviously, the latter is much more reasonable. The computer greatly facilitates research for school or work. What's more, you can create entire presentations on a computer with surprising ease ! Being an eighth grade student, I'm not sure if I would ever do it without the internet. I rely on my computer to get all of my research for almost every project, and I even do some of my best projects there ! The computer is much easier for all students and hard-working adults. People's lives have not only been made easier in the field of research; the computer also facilitates communication with friends and family ! Through email, video chat and instant messaging, we can communicate with whoever we want, whenever we want. With some computers, you can even see and talk to anyone you want. Without these computers, we will again have to resort to postal mail, which makes communication instantaneous with CAPS3 phones, we would have no other way of speaking. Computers have improved communication so much that it is foolish to say that they are not good for society. How can a machine with so much capacity be able to see the computer as a brooding research for school and we want! Ultimately, the computer age is here and it's amazing.
Computers are overused and control the minds of some people. Computers are parally at @ CAPS1 for the Americas High Obesity Percentage. American teens don't do their homework. And write down the time spent in school because of the computers. These high-tech machines should be ditched and given only to those who really need them. People spend far too much time on computers. The time people spend on the computer is the time they should exercise. Computers make people obese Studies show that @ PERCENT1 of obese Americans admit to being addicted to computers. That's why computers are bad. Internet on computers is dangerous. Experts say popular chat rooms such as myspace are the reason for the sudden increase in murders and rapes. The number of convicted felons as well as sexual assailants. Yet the parents put the kids on them. People do not understand the problems that computers cause. In addition to other factors, computers delay the learning of adolescents. The computer is supposed to be a useful and used tool for learning. But computers are used for other things. Computers encourage children not to study or do homework. While these are useful for becoming sites and tools, these tools are not often used. Computers hurt people in many ways. America should take time off from computer week to fight back against its discomfort with children. I hope one day we can all shut down computers for good.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1, do you think computers have a positive or negative effect on people ? Personally I think computers have a positive effect on people because with computers a lot of people @ CAPS1 are researching the past. Also, I don't agree that computers have a negative effect on anyone because with computers, a lot of people learn hand-eye coordination, give them the opportunity to learn more about people and places far away, they also allow people to talk to old friends or family members. Then computers can also be used to help someone find information about nature such as different trees, plants, animals and many other things that are involved in nature. After that, computers are also sometimes used to contact people who live far away from you. Some ways to contact people on a computer use email, instant messages, Facebook, myspace, and many other websites. Also, I think computers have a positive effect on people, but others may disagree which is good because not everyone has the same opinion on things in the world. Then, computers can be of great use to many people as they can use computers if they need to find information about history, any event that might have happened in the past that might not yet be done. in the present. Finally, computers are useful for scientists, commercial workers, many adults and even children use computers if they need to type something for school or need to find information for a project they are working on. make.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 technology is being developed every day. The computer is one of the biggest and most popular machines of the technocle company. Some people don't like computers. Thought computers ruin social skills and healthy bodies. The reason I am writing to you is to persuade these people to realize the greatness that lies within a computer. For starters, computers help us receive / give @ CAPS8. One of the great features that computers offer is email. Without email, we would be completely out of the loop. For example @ CAPS2 on a snowy day at your child's school, you receive an email from the user's manager saying the school is canceled. Without this email, we would not be able to know that @ CAPS8. Another example, @ CAPS6 says you lost your voice due to a terrible cold. You are not feeling well and have to call work to report that you are sick. Now you're stuck because you don't have a voice. @ CAPS2 you had a computer, you could have just emailed your boss. Another positive tool that computers give us is to facilitate communication. With all social networks now available like @ CAPS4, Twitter, @ CAPS3 and Yahoo Messenger. It is almost impossible not to keep in touch with friends and by using hungry @ CAPS4 you can search for old and hungry friends. Once you find them, you can request them from a friend and become friends online. Once you're friends online, you can instant message, video chat, check their status, and browse their photos. So with a computer @ CAPS7 almost impossible not to be able to keep in touch. The last and final reason computers are great is because they make shopping so much easier. @ CAPS2 you have used amazon, ebay or overstock you know what i am talking about you can buy almost anything online. From electronics to animals @ CAPS5. The list is endless. With a computer, you can even shop for groceries from your home online. For example @ CAPS6 let's say your home from work with an explosive diharrea. But @ CAPS7 @ DATE1, so you have to do the grocery shopping. You've been to the bathroom @ PERCENT1 all day and all you've got is your laptop. Well you can buy it online. As you can see, computers help us communicate, buy, obtain and receive @ CAPS8.
To the editor, @ CAPS1 is a great day. The sun is shining, the birds are chirping, and a lazy breeze cuts through the trees. But you don't notice any of @ CAPS1 because you're slouching in front of your computer typing @ CAPS2 or emailing. With modern technology. This is a common scenario. Experts fear that excessive computer use could adversely affect your health, interfere with your social skills, and disconnect you from nature. While computers are useful in our lives, too much of one thing is never a good thing. As mentioned, campers can have a negative effect on your health. Computers make people lazy. They would rather @ CAPS2 and send emails rather than going out and exercising in the crisp, crisp fresh air. In fact, statistics recently released by @ ORGANIZATION1 show that computers are the number one cause of obesity @ NUM1. And weight issues aren't the only thing the computer needs to worry about. Too much time in front of the computer will also adversely affect your @ CAPS1 eyes. Even local doctors pointed to @ CAPS1. "@ CAPS4 Since computers have become a household item, my eye count has increased by about @ NUM2 or @ NUM3 more children every year than the year, says @ ORGANIZATION3 of @ ORGANIZATION2. not enough, typing too much of that @ CAPS5 and day in and day out emails can give you repetitive syndrome, also known as carpal tunnel.The carpal tunnel was larger when typewriters were big, but has shrunk once computers with newer keyboards that are easier to type on keyboards appeared. But excessive daily computer use causes doctors to see more cases of carpal tunnel appear. @ CAPS1 is clear if you want to stay healthy, computer use should be limited. Second, too much time spent on the computer affects your ability to communicate with others. Computers are useful when you need to talk. er to someone, but people are so used to @ CAPS1 that they sometimes find @ CAPS1 embarrassing to talk to someone face to face. Their eyes look everywhere except for the person, they move their wei back and forth and struggle to find the right words to say things that should be easy. This awkwardness can also ruin previously close friendships. Friends will talk endlessly through @ CAPS2, but will have no words for each other when they meet face to face. I remember @ DATE1, I haven't seen a friend of mine at all ; we @ CAPS8 every day. When we saw each other at school we found that @ CAPS1 was having a hard time carrying on a conversation and @ CAPS1 took a little getting used to talking face to face again. And that's not the only way friendships are jeopardized by computers. Personal and meaningful conversations @ MONTH1 sometimes. You are on the phone with your friend talking about something important that you need advice on. A few seconds after starting to speak, you are interrupted by a loud @ CAPS7 ! followed by a "wait, so and so just @ CAPS8 me." @ CAPS9, serious computers social skills and personal relationships. Another reason to monitor the time you spend on the computer is that @ CAPS1 can cause you to
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 is being asked whether it is good for our society or not. I have to say they are good and bad, you really can't pick a side. This is good because children and teens can get the information they need to teach in school, it allows people to chat with others in different places, and it helps with hand-eye cording. That was the right one, here are some bad things about the accounts. People spend too much time on the computer instead of exercising, they don't enjoy nature, and people stop interacting with friends and family. Everyone can choose their side. I can't, because I can understand both sides. For example. one of the great reasons about computers was that you could chat with other people all over the world. I can understand this because when I live here at @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 my mom and step dad live at @ LOCATION1, @ LOCATION2 so I don't see them much but thanks to the computer I can chat. With them whenever I want. Honestly, I wouldn't know what my life would be like if I didn't have a computer and couldn't @ CAPS4 now. While it could also be related to one of the bad things about computers which is people spending too much time on them. I can relate to that and the other well, because when I'm around @ NUM1 because I'm going to one after school, go straight to my laptop and around @ NUM2. When my grandmother @ NUM3 pm. She always comes and "You're on that thing too much your hands!" in her. So in my opinion, I believe that computers can be good and bad for our society ; for me, there is no camp to take. Others might feel the same, and others @ MONTH1 not. The choice is theirs, so ask yourself "@ CAPS4 do you think computers are good or bad for our society?
Dear Diary @ LOCATION1 : @ CAPS1, do you really think computers are that good ? Computers are so useful today that almost everyone has one. Computers are wonderful, they are a great way to find information, they connect people all over the world and provide lots of opportunities @ ORGANIZATION1, hope by the end of this letter you will agree with me . First, they help people find information. Computers are a great way to find information with Google and other programs like this, the whole world is at your fingertips. In my school surveys, @ PERCENT1 of all students use the computer to help them research school projects and homework with computers, you can look at many different websites around the world on a topic and you can even find some books online that you can use, that's one way computers are a good thing, there are two other good reasons. Second, with computers, the whole world becomes smaller as more and more people start to know through computers. More than @ PERCENT2 people by email, @ CAPS2 or by videoconference on a daily basis. Isn't it great when you bond with a great friend but find out that they live halfway around the world knowing that you can always stay in touch with the computer, did you know that do many people in the military use video chat to keep in touch with their loved one at home? Computers are great because they connect people and allow them to be together even when they can't be together, but there's still an even better reason why computers are good. Finally, computers offer many opportunities such as education and employment. Today there are a lot more single parents than at any time according to @ ORGANIZATION1 and the number continues to grow dramatically with this economy, some of those parents could really use better education to help them earn more income. money for their families, but when can they find the time to go to school with work and then the children? Now there are many online bonding courses you can take to get the education you always wanted with kraigslist and other online additions, many people can post jobs while others can send their resumes to these people to try and get the job, but seeing the additions posted people online can more easily apply from further afield. Computers open up a lot of opportunities for people. Computers are very interesting machines that a lot of people support, they help give people information as well as connect people all over the world and provide a lot of opportunities @ ORGANIZATION1. So @ LOCATION1 Journal Hope you can try to understand my take on why computers are so great.
Dear @ LOCATION1 @ CAPS1, after reading your article on technological advancements, I would like to give my opinion on this controversial topic. All over the world people are using computers to do all kinds of things; weather sound for games, buying and selling items, talking with people in different countries ; the possibilities are limitless. This is not necessarily a good thing, however. A lot of people become addicted to computers. Especially teenagers, who appreciate the games offered by computers. From my personal computer addiction experience, I can honestly say that I was in almost complete control of this computer. My grades started to drop, I stopped interacting with my friends and family, and I had issues. Many parents watch their children go through this and are sometimes powerless to stop it. This poses a big problem for parents. My advice; don't let your kids get addicted!
There are effects computers have on people that I agree with and disagree with. There are a lot of people in the world who use computers every day and some use it sometimes. Plus, it always gives you information every time you use it. I think computers have a positive effect on people. Computers can have their likes and dislikes. Not every time you need information, the computer does not give it to you. There are some websites that give you the right things you want to know and others that don't fill your mind with the positive things. It's something I don't like about computers. Don't think that's too bad because computers have a lot more fun advantages. One of the most common and widely used things around the world is the @ CAPS7 instant. Instant @ CAPS7 is when you communicate with another human bean on the online web. Many people use it to get in touch with close family members or a friend. There are a few names for @ CAPS7 @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3, @ CAPS4-mail, and many more! Yes, the computer can be very addicting, but every once in a while you need to get down and maybe get some fresh air. For some people, I agree that they stay on the computer too much and have become very lazy. This is an inconvenience that can prevent you from exercising and seeing your friends and family. It's okay if you keep going for an hour a day maybe more, but too long is not good. There are so many things for the computer that I can't name them all @ CAPS5, @ CAPS6, @ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS7, and even buy things on computers, that's a lot you can do on your computer. I like to go to the computer every now and then to do a lot of the things that I have mentioned. Also, if you have one, then reading this @ MONTH1 will persuade you to get one. My opinion is that they give you a very positive effect.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1's opinion on the effects of computers is that some people spend too much time on computers they are good at for a while but not all day. So @ CAPS1 first reason I think spending too much time on computers is not a good thing because better to be outside doing other activities with other people all day instead of spending time with friends and play sports or whatever and if your on the computer all day you will start to lose friends. @ CAPS1 Second reason I don't think it's good to be on the computer all day is because if you don't exercise you will start to gain weight because you are sitting all day just on the computer so its good to go outside and take a walk or you can go to a gym to exercise is good for you, it will keep you healthy cause i know someone who is on the computer all day and they really don't go out because they say computers teach you a lot and they do but it is not good to be on it all day . @ CAPS1 last reason for some bad effects of computers is some people might use these computers for bad things, they might go to bad websites and it will just make you stay on the computer even longer, you might even get addicted to be on computers because you don't do anything else and some people have cameras on their computers and some people use them for the same bad things, that's why you better not be on a computer all day. So those were @ CAPS1 reasons or some bad effects computers might have on people if you don't go out to do activities or hang out with friends.
Dear @ LOCATION1 @ ORGANIZATION1 I agree that people should stop spending most of their day on the computer and start exercising more or spending time with friends and family. The computer has the capacity to let you learn more about distant places, but instead of sitting behind a desk and learning about a distant place, you should go outside and see it by. yourself. Also our country is one of the best @ NUM1 that has fat people and I believe the computer has something to do with that because most of the kids in our school have a Facebook and about @ PERCENT1 of those kids have been on Facebook for at least an hour. This is why people should stop using the Internet for most of their day because they are not getting the exercise they need. This is why our country is one of the best @ NUM1 in the world with the most fast people. The internet allows you to chat with your family and friends, but you still need to distribute with your friends outside so that you can exercise while playing sports or just walking around the neighborhood if you don't. don't, you won't have a healthy relationship because sometimes they @ MONTH1 aren't even on the computer, so you can chat with them online. Also, if you don't go out to enjoy nature and play with friends, you will get very lazy just by sitting in a chair all day and you won't have to worry about doing anything.
Dear Journal I would like to tell you about computers, without them this world would collapse. For example, some jobs consist of repairing them, manufacturing them and then selling them. Some people also work from home and need the computer for their work. Without them, so many people @ CAPS1 would lose their jobs and be without pay. In addition, children need it for educational reasons, for example, if you have a broken finger and cannot hold a pencil, you will have to type. Also, what if a student needed a question answered and there was nothing to help them, they could go online, get the answer, and learn. There are many ways that a computer can help a person. For example, they might need directions or phone numbers or answers. Also, you can shop offline and if you live too far away from your favorite gaze, you can do it quickly or offline. Also, I think kids should leave the computer to go outside and exercise. Today there are a lot of overweight people if people want to go for a walk instead of sitting on the computer all day there would be @ CAPS1 that many overweight people. In addition, people need to exercise without it, people would become obese, lazy, drowsy and some sick, and angry, depressed. it would be @ CAPS1 for everyone if people exercised more. Also without computers a lot of people or people's lives would fall apart, people just need to exercise more and everything will be fine @ CAPS1.
Calculators think about what they can do. They can make or break someone financhely. They can also endure in huge graphics that the artist cannot lose. Computers are also great for recreational activities, and they take your life too. I'm not talking about a real life @ CAPS1 talking about the activities you do away from home. Now let's take a look at the benefits and issues we have encountered so far in the way we handle money. We used to put it in chets and hide them now all we do is click and type in a security number. people can also invite items, but the invitation is difficult, you don't always win. You can win small or lose big, they say, @ CAPS2 computers today are HD. The screens are made up of a liquid crystal ant that hardens. Lights in the rear pixels do most of the wort to bring stunning graphics to life. Today on computers, people make money selling graphics that they made on computers. It would therefore be another plus on what a computer doses a human. I went to a school to learn how to maintain great graphics. All adolescents, children and adults, used a computer for recerantol activities. On today's computers, you can play games, watch videos, and listen on computers. People do this and then engage. Some people have had trouble having fun on the web. But there is nothing stressful about it and I just play a few games for a while, personally I like to go to youtube and find some fun videos after school. I am used to owning a youtube account and getting a lot of views. The worst thing about computers is that it can ruin the social life of some gobos or some people, some people get addicted and can't stop being on the computer until it is removed. For example, some people play World of War Craft, get addicted and can't stop ! I had a problem when I had to check your tube a lot. Well I hope you readers. No matter what happens I think computers are more efficient than problems
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3, computers are a sought-after item these days, and we are making advancements in technology every day. Social networking sites like @ CAPS4 and @ CAPS5 are all over the Internet. Computers are good to some extent, but some children find computers essential to their lives. Excessive use of computers will have a detrimental effect on society. Oreos, @ LOCATION1, @ CAPS6 are all common sparks for people to eat while on the computer. Now when you sit on the computer everyday and for hours on end, you eat those sparks. You beg to become overweight. @ PERCENT1 of @ CAPS7 children are overweight and it is unhealthy. Some of this @ PERCENT1 uses the computer on a daily basis. There is no doubt that obesity is a problem, and computers are making it worse. People who like to use the computer probably have some sort of social network account, @ MONTH1, it's @ CAPS5 or @ CAPS4. Children think they are safe from trouble by posting messages or posting a picture of themselves. In one case, a girl was killed because of nasty messages posted about her. In three other cases, girls sent nude photos of themselves to their boyfriends, and others have pointed this out. Their lives will never be the same again because they used the computer too much. Soon we will become the leader of @ LOCATION2 and we will make the decisions around. If we get to know our outside world and we don't learn to be social without the internet, we don't know how we'll end up. will be those and all of those important things. Instead of typing, we should explore the world and learn important things. Hopefully, as @ CAPS10 we will become independent on computers and fix this problem by sending less time to a. Computers are great, but they shouldn't be used to hang out with friends and play baseball.
Computers and the @ CAPS1 were a technological breakthrough. He exposed to the average world things that were never considered positive. But as these things progressed over the years, they became such an addiction that it started to threaten people's lives. The only clear choice is offose. First of all, computers have caused a decrease in exercise around the world. Studies show that @ NUM1 in @ NUM2 people who use computers do not exercise with less exercise in the world nations are gaining more and more weight. It is a huge problem in the United States. Computers are the main reason @ CAPS2.S is overweight and unhealthy by reducing computer usage we can get our world back in good shape we can bring back exercise and health. Then I'm sure you've all heard of predators online. It's scary just thinking about it, as computer technology has increased the number of online predators has increased. I remember a few years ago watching the news and a story came about a normal teenage girl killed by someone she put on myspace. things like this continue and the rate at which they are happening is increasing. by putting people on computers then you are endangering death, which is an extreme problem that computers have caused. So the last effect that computers have, among many that I am going to outline, is time spent with family and friends. It can ruin relationships inside and outside the family. Now, I'm sure a lot of people have become extremely addicted to online gaming. the more they play these games, the further away they are from everyone they know and love Computers are a major cause in dysfunctional families. they steal the user away from the outer word. these people need to get their family and friends back. You must act now, before it is too late and computers take over the world. If you know someone who has fallen prey to a computer addiction, do what you can to help them come back, we need to reduce all kind of computer use quickly. Hurry, it's now or never.
Dear @ LOCATION1 @ CAPS1, I firmly believe that computers are of great benefit to society these days. There is so much to learn on a computer. And it's a lot more fun to learn from a computer than it is from a book. For now, let's say a student had to report, but couldn't get a hold of any books at all. All the student would have to do is type a few words on the internet and hundreds of websites appear on any subject they wish to learn. Another reason a computer benefits society is the way to keep in touch with family and friends if they live too far away. Like me by instinct, I live far from my friends. And the only thing I could talk to them about outside of school was on a computer. We would be able to talk in a chat room or on a game. The same goes with the family. Let's say your child is going on vacation and wants to stay in touch. All you have to do is type as much as you want and hit send and it's instantly on the other computer. But, if you were to write a letter in the mail, it might take a week or two to reach your child or the other way around. Most importantly, there are so many cool things you can do on a computer. There are loads of games to play or videos to watch. You can make music and make money from it. My favorite should be the computer programs. Flash macromedia is the best though. You can create your own animation clips or even a movie. Computers are really fun to play. a computer has so many advantages in today's society. What I am very grateful for is computers and all the good things you do. That's why I think computers benefit society.
Dear, @ ORGANIZATION1 plays a big role in our world today. For example, people use computers to get information, to speak in chat rooms, mainly to talk to friends and fined friends. I think this @ CAPS6 is bothering people. My first reason for thinking that @ CAPS6 computers spoils people @ CAPS6 because of the impformation that @ CAPS6 has on the website. For example, people have moved on and blogs are lying about people online. This @ CAPS6 ruins a lot of people because it sparks rumors and gossip about people. In addition, the lies that are displayed could interfere with many lives. Another reason computers affect life and people @ CAPS6 are dangerous chat rooms. This @ CAPS6 is not good because you are not familiar with the person you are talking to as well. The person could have impersonated another person and be very hypocritical. The result could be very unpleasant. As you could give them your number, your address, your personal information @ CAPS2. The result ended up in death, kidnapping, intimidation @ CAPS2 ciber. Finally, I want to talk about the fake information @ CAPS6 has given to thousands of people online. Another word the "@ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 Your @ CAPS4 love" @ CAPS2 "@ CAPS6 Your @ CAPS7 @ CAPS8 About you ?" @ CAPS9 these things are placed on either side of your screen to get money from you. On the other hand, they grab the attention of readers. For example, these gateways are configured to copy your number, get your account number and then take your money. It does not help our people because it is only there for your money. In conclusion, from my visible point of view, I don't prefer computers as a magnificent way for people to spend time on them.
Dear @ CAPS1, You @ MONTH1 have heard that there are pros and cons of using a computer. There are many more advantages, however. For example, you can communicate with people, do business, and you can use it to learn. A computer is a great need in today's increasing technological advancements. Communication is not so easy to do over the phone anymore as people are always busy and on the computer. You can use computers to meet people from different countries. By doing this we can learn what life is like for them. Thanks to social networks, such as @ CAPS2 and @ CAPS3, we can do projects with friends. Computers are an important communication technology. Most business today is done on the Internet or on a computer. The @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5 is all computerized today, and it is a major trade route today. Many business transactions and presentations are carried out on the computer for maximum efficiency. Computers allow us to do business with foreign countries without having to travel there. Computers are a huge advancement in business. Computers help us learn a lot about, just about everything. Search engines allow us to enter keywords and find multiple websites on that topic. Computers allow us to do research in order to get correct information with just one click. This research can be used to write essays in school. Computers help us learn at school and outside. A computer is a huge technological advance with many uses. It @ MONTH1 has a few drawbacks, but it has a lot more benefits. Computers allow you to communicate, do business, and learn. Life would be a lot slower without a computer to speed things up.
In my opinion, having computers is a very pleasant thing and is good for our society. I think this for three reasons, @ ORGANIZATION2, it allows people to relax and unwind after a long day at work. Secondly, it allows people to communicate with their friends, @ CAPS1, it helps with schoolwork and makes things much easier. These are just a few of the reasons why computers are good for our society. @ ORGANIZATION2 off I would like to say that after a long day at work all you want to do is relax. The TV is getting boring and you just want to sit and play games on the computer. Well, this is a great way to unwind after a tough day. You can go to @ CAPS2 and watch some funny videos or go to @ CAPS3 and your friends' new photo album. Your @ ORGANIZATION3 computer has to do a lot of things. There are many @ CAPS8 games, such as @ CAPS4 come or @ CAPS5 cam that can be a lot of fun. Do you see why computers are a good way to calm down? In addition to relaxing after a hard day's work, on the computer, @ CAPS8 lets you connect with friends and family. AIM is a great way to talk to friends and schedule meetings. Or, you can just plain talk @ CAPS3 and @ CAPS7 are great websites for keeping in touch with old friends, @ CAPS8 even making new friends. Lots of teens and adults have @ CAPS3 because it's getting. So @ CAPS4 you can't get out of it. As you get older you don't talk much to your friends and soon you don't have many friends. @ CAPS3 prevents this so that you can always talk to them. You should always keep in touch with your friends. Most importantly, you are using the computer for school work. Without it you can't get a photo from @ ORGANIZATION1 or type a test that needs to be done. @ CAPS8, you cannot search for words on @ LOCATION1. Some teachers ask you to type essays and some don't. You need a computer if your teacher asks you to type things. I go to the Swift website to see if I have any homework to do and it helps a teacher @ CAPS8 put some extra credit online. Overall, computers are good for society. @ ORGANIZATION2, you can just calm down and relax. Second, you can talk to old friends and keep in touch with new ones. @ CAPS1 and above all, it is very useful for homework and photos /. Now you have to understand when I tell you that computers are important and very useful in society.
Dear readers of @ ORGANIZATION1, computers are machines that have been around for @ MONTH1 years. With the Internet, you can do things like play games, search for information, and even talk to friends and family, all through a computer. Advances in computer technology benefit @ CAPS1 for several reasons. These include that computers improve hand-eye coordination, provide abundant information, and allow people to talk online. As stated earlier, using a computer can improve hand-eye coordination. In fact, we know that computers can improve your reflexes enormously. It reminds me of a time when my brother went to an ophthalmologist and was told his eyes had trouble focusing. Patrick, my brother, was then literally instructed by the doctor to play computer games to help his hand-eye coordination. In fact, @ PERCENT1 agrees that computers can have a gargantuan, positive impact on reflexes and hand-eye coordination. If computers are kept in this way and in some cases necessary in your eyes, then why would computer use be classified as bad when they are clearly a beneficial factor in @ CAPS1 society ? Computers are also beneficial because of their enormous resource. The internet offers so much information to people of all ages who want to learn and grow. For example, most schools require their students to use computers for research. When I say most schools I mean @ PERCENT2 schools assign students to research using a computer. New Town Director @ ORGANIZATION2, @ PERSON2 said, "The students at @ CAPS1 are using computers at least every week, if not more. They are fantastic resources with endless information." Computers are a gateway to countless knowledge that everyone should have access to. It is well known that almost everyone knows someone who lives far away. I myself have a friend who lives at @ LOCATION1 who I miss very much. When long distance phone calls are too expensive in most parts of the world and I rely on computers to talk to distant friends. Computers are the bridge between @ CAPS2 ; (my friend @ CAPS3) and me. However, computers aren't just used over long distances. I also use computers to send emails, instant messages, video chats, and stay connected with family and friends. A local teenager, @ PERSON1, says. "I use my computer to stay connected with my friends and family who live in another country. I don't know what I would do without it." This means that @ PERSON1 and thousands of others depend on computers to communicate with their friends and family. Computers are needed for @ MONTH1 reasons. They help people, educate and connect people. You must have access to a computer in my opinion in order to thrive in life.
Dear local newspaper, I think more people shouldn't be spending time on their computers. The reasons why I think it is because people should spend time with their family and friends, second, they need to get more exercise, and lastly to get out and enjoy nature. My first reason is that people with computers stay in their rooms all day and don't look fresh. They need to get out and enjoy nature. People who love animals and love to study animals should get outside and get some fresh air and watch animals study them. Having a computer is you can study animals like that is good, but you don't want to get stuck on computers. go out and watch them instead of looking at the computer screen. My second reason is that people exercise more. People get fat because they are sitting in front of the computer and not making any movement. People are getting lazy every day because they are on computers @ NUM1. Do you like to be on the computer and study, walk, run, have fun or ride a bike to have a little bit for a while. My last reason is that more people need to interact with their friends and family. People should leave the computer and make plans with their families. Get together with your family and go places and relax. People who are on computers don't spend time with their families don't know what's going on around them. Some people get depressed because they don't spend enough time in front of their computer with their family. These are my reason why I think we shouldn't be on computers. We should spend more time with family of friends or go out and enjoy nature.
Dear local newspaper, I have heard some people talk about their family's time at the computer. My opinion is that they shouldn't sit on the computer staring at a screen for long periods of time. I think it takes time for important tasks, there is something healthier than locking yourself in with a computer screen, that would be going out or being active. Another reason is that you can spend more time with your family and friends. First, you shouldn't be spending so much time on the computer. You could do other things. Tel @ CAPS2 working, or for the most part teenagers, doing their homework. Studies show that @ NUM1 on @ NUM2 teens are easily distracted by social networking sites such as @ CAPS2 "@ CAPS1". " Twitter " and " aol ". People in the workplace are distracted two. Sometimes work can get boring, so workers just use the computer instead of getting things done. Children can do chores or just help out around the house, but instead they use the computer. The usual routine for teenagers is to wake up, get ready, work on the computer, go to school, come home, have a snack, and then go back to the computer. We need to break those habits back to the computer. Staring at a computer screen for long periods of time is unhealthy. Instead, you could be active in a sport, or just go out and play. "@ CAPS2 technology is increasing seizure rates have also increased." @ CAPS3 to a doctor from @ ORGANIZATION1. Being involved in sport would be healthier and more fun than talking to people online. Plus, if you're not exercising while on the computer, being active keeps you in shape while being fun. The most important reason why you shouldn't be on the computer for a long time is that you are using up precious time that you could have used with family and friends. Most people barely see their families when they are at home because of their computer usage. Laptops have made it easier to block people. Getting him into your room and closing the door is the most common way. Go out with the friends you already talk to online, wouldn't that be better in person ? In conclusion, we should limit our computer time to other tasks, be active and spend time with our friends and family.
Dear newspaper people who have @ CAPS1 who like to play computer all day more. More than an hour. I think you should take your time and read my article in this wonderful journal. I am writing this article on @ CAPS1 using the computer for over an hour. My number one reason for this computer problem is that it just ignores school. To support this reason so you don't think I'm making this up is that they play the computer a lot and the @ CAPS1 only thinks about the computer and not about school. They play it so much and it can ruin @ CAPS1 and they can't concentrate in school. My second main reason is that it always makes them want to talk about the computer. So if they play it for more than an hour like I said it can make them addicted to drugs like this is if you don't want your @ CAPS1 to be addicted to drugs, hope you don't want your own @ CAPS1 addicted to the computer. To continue about your @ CAPS1 can still @ CAPS2 on the computer, it may make your @ CAPS1 look like it has no life because it plays it all day and I hope you don't want that. your @ CAPS1 be like this. Most importantly, my final reason why you shouldn't let your child play on the computer for more than an hour a day. Because they can gain weight. Your @ CAPS1 is just getting up and going to the bathroom and eating, they will only do things that are in the house. Your @ CAPS1 will not come out and play and they will have no exercise at all. Hope you will understand where I am from. I have a brother who donates too many computers to the hospital and it messed up and the doctor said he doesn't, so I pray he makes it out alive, so I hope that you wouldn't let yourself @ CAPS1 do that, it would ruin their life forever. Thank you very much for picking up your own @ CAPS4 It's time to read this article Hope you will remember this article all your life.
Dear, @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 are many people who use computers this advanced technology we have available. A lot of people think that we had computers, they have a lot of advantages in having computers. But not everyone agrees with this @ CAPS2 there are a lot of people who don't like people using computers too much, it takes less time for them to enjoy nature, to go exercise and be interested in family and friends. But I think for people who have computers, like talking to people you can't see, looking for information gives people something to do. One of the effects of computers on people is that they allow you to talk to people who you really can't see. I say this because not all of your friends go to the same school so you don't see them that much. But they can have emails, myspace, and facebook. Surf you can't online. It's easier to talk to them instead of driving so you can see them. I think @ CAPS2 are activities that you must do or other activities that they must do. The second effect that computers have on people is that you can search for information. Think about it, you have to do a project and you don't always have enough information on what it's like to do it. But if your computer gives a lot of it, you will be able to find information. I think the computer can help you this way the endless information and better sites. Also, there may be times when it is time to go on a trip and find out how much it costs and how long it will take to get to your destination. Well, if you watch it on the computer, it will be up to you also to see where you find this information that you call questions when you go to the website. The third effect that computers have on people is that they give you something to do. I say this because it's not all the time you want me to do something to do. Sometimes you will get bored doing something on the computer. Things you can do like play games. Also watch videos on youtube. For example, you are funny, you keep laughing, and you watch videos on the computer. Another thing you can do is upload music to your line that doesn't think it's busy so do it now. See these @ MONTH1 things you can go to on the computer. In conclusion, I think computers have a lot of effect on people. It's about how people spend time on it. But I don't agree, it's that computers can have many beneficial effects on people. Hope you agree with me. These are the three effects that computers have on people make you search for information, give you something to do.
Dear, Journal I am writing to persuade you to publish an article about the harmful effects of computers on people. Computers make you unhealthy, bullying takes place on the computer and it affects the way you do things in school. First of all, computers take a toll on people because they make you unhealthy. I say this because most people don't exercise enough. Then you become obese because you don't exercise enough. Finally, @ MONTH1 or @ MONTH1 don't have diabetes because of your obesity, but most of the time you do. The next reason the computer takes a toll is because children are bullied on the Internet. This is important because when kids are bullied they feel bad about themselves. Then they all get very depressed. This is called cyberbullying. For example, a guy came to our school to talk about his son. her son had committed suicide after being bullied online and at school. This is why bullying is such a big problem and computers have such bad effects on people. My third and final reason the computer takes a toll on people is that children do poorly in school. they do poorly in school because they spend so much time on the computer that they stop doing homework and preparing for tests and quizzes. Plus, kids get distracted at school because all they think about or care about is coming home and going to the computer. Children also do poorly in school because they end up thinking that school is a waste of time and they drop out. It is a proven fact that @ PERCENT1 of the kids who dropped out of school were kids who were still on the computer and they said school was a waste of time. This is how computers affect schools. Now remember that computers take a toll on people because they make them unhealthy. People get bullied and it affects your schoolwork. This is how computers adversely affect people.
Dear Diary, I think people should have computers. dont have it in the kids homework store there computers are good for this purchase they also have bad stuff like kids say they do homework but they are on youtube myspace or Facebook. or other things, but computers have more good things about them than bad things, then? Why I think we should have computers.
Dear Local Newspaper, Some people say that computers have a negative effect on family and friends, others say that computers are an important part of society. I should agree with the second group of people. Computers help students find the information they @ MONTH1 need for school. People can tell their friends about things like Facebook or @ CAPS1 and you can write a draft on the computer, save it then come back and make the latest changes from a draft to a final version. I will develop in the next three paragraphs. Computers are a quick and easy way to find information for a project or school document. I can understand people who think computers take away family time, but a book would too. A book would probably take longer and you @ MONTH1 get less information. For example, the book might be about more than one person, and you only read the whole thing to get two sentences of information. Another reason computer search is faster is that you can go to any page to get info and then after you get all the info from that page but still need more you can just click on another link. If people didn't have computers, they would have to go to the library and spend some time looking at them. Is it worth using all this time. People can talk to their friends on facebook or @ CAPS1. Some people say that computers distract you from your friends when in reality they help you talk to your friends more. What if you are on vacation and are fed up with seeing and talking to your family because you have been with them nonstop for a week and miss your friends. All you have to do is turn on the computer and then you have an intention link to them. Chat rooms also help you meet other people your age in the nearby town from anywhere in the country. They @ MONTH1 have even become your new best friend. When you write an article, do you want to have to write it once and then go back and write it @ NUM1 more times ? There is a much easier way to call it a computer. You can write your first draft, then all you need to do to get a final copy is proofread it and make any changes as needed. Computers also help children spell better. All they have to do is press a button.
Dear Diary, @ CAPS1 you turn technology ago. It's not going to change. Try a schedule. Encouragement helps a lot of people. Activities keep you in mind, read on to find out more. Planning is important. Limit the time on the computer. For every half hour at least @ NUM1 minutes outdoors or with friends. try to memorize the schedule. Encouragement helps me and a lot of people! Try to encourage family and friends, the government is also trying to fight this. Encouragement helps. Activities can take people away from the computer. Try neighborhood activities. Extracurricular activities for a while. All kinds of things are fun. Do you think planning helps? Do you like encouragement? Are the activities distracting you ? so from afar this stuff helps.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, can you imagine a world where technology controls human interaction? It is not such a far-fetched idea. Some people @ MONTH1 see this as a big step forward. Not me. I think computers detach people from reality, create fake characters, and have no physical advantage. This is what I think the effects of computers have on people. First of all, computers detach people from reality. It is much easier for someone to sit on the computer, browsing a social networking website aimlessly, than it is to go out and meet new people. Sure, @ CAPS2 sends out all the friend requests you want, but there's nothing that compares to a first impression you get from meeting someone in person. The computer can also have an effect on family members and the time spent with them. Second, the computer creates fake characters. If I had a Facebook or @ CAPS3 account, it would be very easy to say something wrong about myself or someone else. The computer doesn't know any better. This allows people to gain "friendships" with others who don't know the real you. I find this to be a real problem as it ends up leading to unstable or unstable relationships. Finally, I think the computer offers no physical gain, this nation is in a serious health crisis. With things easier to get now like fast food and drugs, I don't think computers are helping. People need discipline, and there is a time and place for everything, including computers. However, those who are not disciplined can use them more than they need to and that is not good. So @ CAPS2 do you imagine a world controlled by computers? I think bit by bit that's what's happening, slowly removing the human element. I think the effects will be severe, detaching reality, creating fake personalities and offering no physical gain. I don't think it's fair, but I hope I've persuaded you to think my way.
Dear @ CAPS1, I understand that you have concerns about computers. I don't think you should worry though. Don't worry because computers are very positive. They teach us hand-eye coordination, help you discover faraway places and people, and finally you can talk online with your family and friends. First, computers teach you hand-eye coordination. There are thousands of fun games online that can help you improve your reflexes and your eyesight. It can help heal or improve some people's reflexes by making their eyes brighter. Another amazing thing about computers is that you can learn about distant places and people. This is very useful because if you want to travel far but can't, you just have to go to your computer and search for it. Then you feel like you're really there. It can also help you study people who live far away who you won't have to eat in person. Finally, when you go to your computer, you can go online and talk with your family and friends. There are all types of websites that you can talk to and hang out with with all of your friends and family. The computer is very useful because it keeps your family and friends together and happy. In conclusion, I think computers are a great, fun and useful invention. Remember these good features of computers and please don't take computers away from them ; we need them.
How many times @ MONTH1 do you use the computer in a day ? A lot, no? I think computers definitely benefit society. Internet helps a lot of people, because its very convenient computer gives to people. Computers also allow people to talk online with other people. Computers help people with the Internet. The Internet makes life easier for many people. One way is for school. I know from my own experiences that the internet helps. If I don't have enough material to study, help me on the Internet. Another reason the Internet is useful is employment. Did you know that @ PERCENT1 of @ NUM1 seniors have internet jobs ? The Internet can also help people find jobs. The last reason the internet is useful is shopping, I remember a time when I needed a special book for school and no bookstore or bookstore, my mom ordered it very well, The Internet is very useful for many people. What computers are good for our society is that they allow people to travel to faraway places. A lot of people can't offer to go to a lot of places outside of the United States. With computers, people can team up in these places and in these places. Sometimes there is even a snowy experience of being there. Another reason you use and want to learn more. Once, any family went to a wedding at @ LOCATION1, but we didn't know much about @ LOCATION1. @ CAPS1 we went online to find things like. The foods we eat there and the weather. finally, people can know where their family corner is formed. If people know where their ancestors came from, but they're looking for it, the crime computers. They learn about food recipes, the religion they practice and the holidays they celebrate. Obuously computer helps people about far away places. My last reason computers are good for or society is that they allow people to talk to other people. Sometimes good friends who together want to lose contact or if a friend, people can find online and take. Did you know that there are many sites that tell you where the people you went to high school are with? Also, there are sites like Facebook where people can log in. Another reason is that people can meet other people online. there are many dating sites such as those that connect people who lose this internet. Did you know that @ PERCENT2 people on dating sites? Sometimes people cannot call each other because the distance is too long. Being able to chat online on sites like Google, Chat or whatever is very useful. Without a doubt, the computer is very useful. I think the computer helps @ CAPS1 a lot of people in our society. People are using the Internet to help them. People are discovering other places and people can chat online. - @ CAPS1, don't think about computers, because they have greatly affected our society !
Dear @ PERSON1 weekly, The new millennium has brought a new wave of technology. Computers are the number one invention that everyone is probably using. Computers teach us great things like learning about a vacation spot or a faraway land. The computer allows us to talk to friends or family while they are away or even at home. Plus, typing on the computer teaches us hand-eye coordination which can help us with other things. The computer is surely a great invention. Have you ever wanted to go on vacation abroad? Well, the computer is a great source to learn more about these places. The effects it has could be significant. Someday someone might want to go to the Bahamas, but then find a new location such as @ LOCATION1 or even @ LOCATION3. In addition, the computer benefits students very well. Students typically have to complete projects in places around the world, and the computer is the primary source of intelligence. When I have a test I always use the computer first. Recently my grandma moved to @ LOCATION2 and I can only speak to her on the phone. Although on my computer, I can see it on my screen. The webcam allows me to see myself grandmother. The computer allows you to stay in touch with your friends and family who you don't see regularly. For example, @ CAPS1 or Twitter allows you to keep in touch with your high school friends. The computer can also send emails to your friends and family so that you can say hello every now and then. Sports require great hand-eye coordination. The computer makes you better at it. Watching the screen while typing improves your hand-eye coordination because you are doing two things at the same time. One sport that demands a lot is @ CAPS2. While the ball is in the air, you need to focus on it while keeping your club in the correct position. Although hand-eye coordination is mainly taught through the powers of the computer. In conclusion, all I would like to say is that the computer is a great source of intelligence. It also allows you to keep in touch with your high school friends and distant family. Finally, the computer teaches you hand-eye coordination. The computer is a very important technology.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, you want our society to become a society of obesity, of lazy people without any appreciation for family or friends? @ CAPS2 do you want people to shut themselves away while respecting nature? It is the result of overuse of the computer, our society will become lazy and dependent on robot slaves and cowardly brainwashing. People will not take care of their family or their friends. Most importantly, our company will have no appreciation or respect for mother nature. Is this how you want our world to be? Have you ever read @ CAPS3 @ NUM1 ? In the book, the government uses technology to brainwash people and then manipulate them. If our society, like that of the book, becomes too dependent on computers and technology, then we will collapse from within, moving from a respected world power to a third world country. We will have to redesign the buildings to have large doors. enough for our body to pass through. We will no longer be a respected nation. There will be charities in other countries to send money to build gymnasiums and swimming pools, but no one will use them. Recent research from @ ORGANIZATION1 indicates that @ PERCENT1 of people who spend more than an hour and a half on their computer each day exceed @ NUM2 pounds. People won't remember how to speak. Babies will learn to type instead of talking or walking. Is it good for our country? People say the best thing you can have is a supportive family and a bunch of good friends. According to @ PERSON1, a well-known psychologist, "People who have more friends have a reduced risk of depression @ PERCENT2." Friends actually affect your health. People who overuse the computer lose friends and become estranged from their families. The effects on mental health can be horrendous, and people will unfortunately miss out on all the positive aspects in life. It's important for people to be happy, but if you only communicate through email and social media sites, you're not social enough. It's one thing to chat online, but it's better to be able to see someone face to face than a picture on the screen. No one wants to end up like this, so limit your computer use. Excessive use of the computer leads to a lack of respect for nature. People cared about nature for many reasons, but the most important is that it affects us every day, in everything we @ CAPS2 and own. Everything has a basis in nature, even ourselves. The weather outside, even on a beautiful day on @ DATE1, can be deadly if we don't pay attention to what's going on outside our shelter. We depend on nature, but if we don't respect it, it will kill us. Everything is good in moderation, even a computer. But when you don't limit yourself, it has bad consequences. We will no longer have a respected society. Our family and friends will disappear, causing health problems. Worse yet, we will lose all expectation and respect for Mother Nature. Now is the time to start limiting computer use, or we'll have a lot of big trouble.
Dear, @ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS1 the idea on "computers" is very well thought out outside the box. Well. We certainly need a computer to search for information these days. Why do we need it now and it was there before? Research shows more of @ PERCENT1 than @ CAPS2 than the computer is any. Let me explain a little more what I mean. First of all, you can search for places, chat with your friends and family. @ CAPS1's opinion on using the local internet would be that it is only good for those who know and don't try to be mean. For the small world, never go to bed at least @ NUM1 pm, and never forget nature outside the fresh air. In conclusion, the internet these days is very good for people.
I think using computers is a very good thing these days @ LOCATION2. I think this is because people use it to do research, keep in touch with friends and family, and listen to music. These are all things that adults and children need to do. read on and I'll explain why this is so important. My number one reason I think computers are a good thing is because they are a good source for doing research on a specific topic. All over @ LOCATION1, children are using the Internet to do class projects. Adults can use the computer to search for a certain food recipe. If you need help with anything, the computer is still there. Some people even use the computer for work. Computers can help with a lot of things. Another reason why computers are a big help is because you can keep in touch with your friends and family. A good thing to use on a computer is a webcam. With it, you can see and talk to people on a small camera even if they are far away. You can also go to face book myspace. There are two websites which are used for posting photos and for talking to a chosen friend. It's a good way for people to get to know you. Something similar to this is instant messaging. You can use it to talk to friends and many people online. Don't stop reading there is more! My last reason the computer is a good thing to have is because you can make music with music on the computer. You can use the computer to listen to music and put music on an ipod or @ NUM1 player. Some people use the computer to make music. You can get a program that you can do a series of and put it together to make some kind of a song. music is a good thing that all age groups love. That's why I think having a computer is a very positive thing. You can do research, connect with friends and family, and do a lot of things with music. There is so much more than the @ NUM2 thing a computer is good for. I don't think the world would be the same without computers.
Dear Diary, I know that computers can bewitch a person, but in reality it is one of the most necessary things that we need in our life. Computers are used for many things like school work, planning the trip you've always wanted to go, and reading the latest news. Read on to find out how important computers really are. Now you know when you have this project for the protoplasm science class. You want to do what you can so that you have this to. When you realize that the only book you'll find there won't help you with the sheet music you want, you realize the next place to look is the computer. The computer gives you an unlimited amount of information that will help you in any relationship. When a teacher gives you a book to do a biography on, for example, "Life and Times: @ PERSON1" You want to go beyond what they give you and research, for example, their neighborhood, their inspiration and the influences he had. You will find all of this in the computer. When you see a sale on a "five nights and four days" trip to @ ORGANIZATION1, you want to know what best sale they have. When you start to notice that your family needs a vacation, what is the only place to look. You can '@ CAPS3 look up this trip of a lifetime in a book. Sure, you may find that @ CAPS1 is having this big, explosive sale, but you may not be looking for the best deal. I did a search with seven of my friends and six of those seven parents made a trip to @ ORGANIZATION1 on their accounts. If you are a big fan of road trips, you will find an offer or @ CAPS2 for the lowest, to be discovered by computer only. If you live at @ LOCATION3, @ LOCATION4 and want to take a trip to @ LOCATION1, this offer is really good. If you live at @ LOCATION2 and you know the hottest day of @ DATE1 is coming, you'll be ready to pack those beach balls and blanket, but if you think computers are a waste of your time, you won't know. not that all the beaches are open and will send free drinks all day. You will be home eating a @ CAPS3.V. watch old reruns of The @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5. Not only will he let you know the news from your area, but also tell you about this devastating earthquake at @ LOCATION5. You will also be told what people are doing to help them and what you can do to help them. So not only is the computer good for going to @ CAPS6 and @ CAPS7, but you can also help get an A + rating on this history report. It also works well to give your kids a memento that they will always remember. They also help you get ready and out of stock in your home on this beautiful day of @ DATE1. Maybe if you find this great deal or help your child get a higher grade, you will realize how good the computer is.
Dear local newspaper @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 shows that @ PERCENT1 of humans in @ LOCATION2 alone spend most of their time on a computer or laptop. I believe that the effect of computers has a negative effect on humans as it creates a lack of exercise and limits physical interaction with others. As a nation, we can lower the above statistics and create a better environment overall. The number of people who lack an adequate amount of exercise has increased over the past decade. Doctor @ PERSON1, expert in the links between health and IT, interviewed @ NUM1 people. Of those people, @ PERCENT2 said they rarely go out because they are trapped in the cyberworld. This shocking percentage proves that only one in twenty people get some exercise. @ PERSON2 said: "This shocking @ CAPS2 means that most, if not all, of the people are in poor physical health, which is an issue that needs to be addressed." @ CAPS3 goes on to say that being at a computer most of the day and not exercising is what contributes to poor health. In addition to the lack of exercise, many humans lose the physical interaction they should be having. As humans have modernized with technology, most humans lose the physical interaction that they normally encountered in the world if they are not on the computer. @ PERSON3 agreed with this statement and said, "I graduated from college; I have a degree and everything, but I wasn't always like that. When I was younger I owned a computer. As soon as I got home from school, I was still going to the computer. I wouldn't talk to anyone, not even my family! If I could go back and change that, I would. " This claim proves that the lack of physical interaction with humans is a crucial topic to be addressed. @ PERSON3 regretted everything and changed his ways once @ CAPS3 got to high school. No one wants to live with regret, so physical human interactions are necessary to live a life without regret. lack of human interaction and lack of exercise are issues that need to be addressed as soon as possible. In conclusion, the use of computers has triggered a growing epidemic in @ LOCATION1. The most important reasons that computers have a negative effect on humans are that they limit the amount of exercise and almost destroy the physical interactions between humans. Thank you for your attention and remember one thing: Computers can still negatively affect the lives of many humans.
@ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS1, click, click that the @ ORGANIZATION2 computer keys are currently being hit. Computers are everywhere these days, even in the poorest places like @ LOCATION3. In @ LOCATION2. Dreadful, humble and time-conservative computers take away the meaning and pleasures of life @ ORGANIZATION2 that are offered to us. Computers are our @ CAPS5 information and @ CAPS5 time these days, but we forget that there is also a life away from them, like spending time with family and taking walks in beautiful nature. Too much use @ ORGANIZATION2 on a computer leads to terrible health. Computers can cause many fatal problems such as sight and vision problems, and obesity, due to the fact that you are sitting all day and @ CAPS2 is not working. Computers are like the mind, and body eaters slowly take you away and leave you crying, and @ CAPS5 the rest @ ORGANIZATION2 your life, @ CAPS2 don't you agree ? Did you know that @ ORGANIZATION2 says that the second biggest cause of obesity in @ ORGANIZATION2 is the computer ? Yes, it's true! I encountered a problem. Growing up. When I was @ NUM1 I was addicted to the computer. Day and night my eyes were fixed on the computer screen. I had nothing in mind other than the @ CAPS5 computer, my mom got mad at me and yelled at me to get away from it, but I didn't. Slowly, slowly I started to gain a big, horrible fat myself, and later found out that I was overweight @ CAPS5 my age. To date, I haven't lost the weight I gained using the computer, and I'm sure others have. Obesity just doesn't happen by overeating. It also happens by not doing any cardio activity, which the computer prevents us from doing. So basically the computer is in bad health. As @ PERCENT1 @ ORGANIZATION2 state people @ ORGANIZATION2 @ LOCATION1 said. Time consuming computers take away family time from many families these days. Did you know that @ PERCENT2 @ ORGANIZATION2 families don't spend time with each other the way they want, the reason being the computers ? Kids play games on the computer, moms find a recipe online to cook dinner @ CAPS5, and dad buys another stock online. Yes, this happens a lot, because @ ORGANIZATION2 does those things they could do something else, but no IT work is more important. My family spent a lot of time @ ORGANIZATION2 together, but because @ ORGANIZATION2 is the computer, I can't do anything with my family now. Do you know the time that @ ORGANIZATION2 @ ORGANIZATION2 health says that children who spend time with their families are bound to become better parents than those who @ CAPS2 do not spend time with their families. I bet you are a really good family man / woman and hang out with please take those computers off and bring the families together again. @ LOCATION1 has the most beautiful nature ever, birds, animals, @ DATE1 hours and fall time. If anyone wants to see nature they should come to @ LOCATION1, but the sad part is that @ ORGANIZATION2 @ LOCATION1 people don't appreciate nature themselves because they are busy with things like computers . I know one time we went to a competition, and we were ready @ CAPS5 nature and this boy brings his computer, and wouldn't you know, everyone forgot about nature and played with the computer boys. So many people missed nature and the beautiful animals seen like yellow @ CAPS3 at that time was amazing and it is very unfortunate that many people missed this event. Nowadays people don't appreciate nature anymore, which they will regret one day, because @ ORGANIZATION2 the fact that one day you @ MONTH1 not be there to enjoy it was given @ CAPS2 do not let the computer tell you what to do, let's be the boss and @ CAPS5 ourselves. It's now or never that the decision is in your hands, make the right decision and say no to the computers. Get outside, enjoy nature, spend time with your family and be healthy. Be smart and well educated people. (I know you are) and tell the world not to be told by the computer @ ORGANIZATION2 what you can and cannot do, be boss control. Yes, computers are fun, give, but it's bad. Say no to computers if you don't @ CAPS2, you'll be sorry.
Dear readers of @ LOCATION1 @ CAPS1 has been brought to my attention that there is a dilemma about the effect of computers on people. Well I believe having computers around is good because. Computers help students do their schoolwork better. They also give the opportunity to learn about faraway places. Finally, computers allow people to talk to other people online or by webcam. My number one reason I think computers are good to have is. They help the students with their schoolwork. Sometimes teachers give homework and you have to write an essay. @ CAPS2 the student is doing @ CAPS1 on a computer, he might get a higher grade because @ CAPS1 looks neater and more professional. Computers are particularly helpful to students. A college university did a survey once. @ PERCENT1 some students wouldn't know what to do @ CAPS2 they didn't have a computer or laptop. One student even said "@ CAPS2 I didn't have my laptop, I would probably fail most of my classes." Computers can be very useful when @ CAPS1 comes to student school work. My second reason I think computers are good to have is. They give the opportunity to learn about faraway places or other countries. I did a poll once on how many people use a computer to find out what's going on in other countries, @ PERCENT2 of them said they go to the computer to find out what's going on. was happening in other countries. Computers can be very useful when you want to know what is going on in other countries. My last reason computers are good to have is. Let's say you're married and pregnant unless your boyfriend of course, but your spouse is at @ LOCATION2 and you couldn't them. Well, computers these days have webcams. So now @ CAPS2 you really need to talk to her you can do that using the webcam. So readers of @ LOCATION1 @ ORGANIZATION1. Can you now see why I think it is good to have computers nearby. @ CAPS1 helps students do their schoolwork. @ CAPS1 gives the opportunity to learn about distant places and countries. @ CAPS1 also gives the possibility to talk to people with webcams.
Computers and modern technology are changing rapidly and more and more people are starting to use them. Some people say that computers are a bad influence on @ LOCATION1. I think otherwise. I think computers are an incredible breakthrough in modern science. I believe computers are great for school work and for communicating with others, as long as they are used in moderation. Computers make school projects so simple that I don't know if we could do without them. Our social studies teacher @ PERSON1 says that @ PERCENT1 of his projects involves something on the computer. The Internet is a great place to research important articles and projects. With over thirty million educational and informative websites, it's easy to locate what you need quickly and easily. Once you've finished your research, it's easy to type your report. If it is not a written report, there are many other programs for sophisticated presentations. Take the example of microsoft @ CAPS1 : you can create exotic backgrounds and texts, as well as unique animations to make them stand out or make them stand out right off the page. Computers are also a great way to communicate with friends and family. Sending emails is quick and easy to tell others what you want to say. If you want to chat, you can use @ CAPS2 or instant messaging. This allows you to type and send emails faster. Both of these programs are a great way to talk to a family member who is not at home. Like let's say my dad is going into business at @ LOCATION2. We can send emails every day. And now with @ ORGANIZATION1 (a video chat) you can see the person and talk to them like they're back home. Computers have their advantages, but they also have their disadvantages. Computers are great for communication and school work, but when used in excess they can be unhealthy. Here's an example : my older brother @ PERSON2 is in his last year of high school. He's at school from @ NUM1 to @ NUM2: pm and on his way home he goes straight to his computer. He's there at least five hours a night and that leaves time for dinner and not much else, including sleep. I think computers are a great innovation in modern technology as long as people limit themselves. Computers are coming up with new features every day and who know they will be like ...
I totally agree with those who think that computers have a negative effect on us today. While computers are great, they have a lot of negative effects on the people who use them. Because. new technologies and post photos on websites that anyone can see. They also have computer games that people get hooked on. Finally, there are online predators. The new technology is amazing, like webcams where you can video chatting or cell phones where you can take pictures, @ CAPS1 they have negative effects. There have been many suicides because of cyberbullying. This is where people bully kids on the internet. Some people also upload nude photos online or even on webcam. it is illegal and absurd for young people or even older people to do these actions. There are also websites where people can post those photos of you which are very personal and make a huge difference in your life. Many people have games for their computer or download games from websites. Most people get addicted to the game, they would play it all day if they could and if they didn't play they wish they could. It makes them miss a lot of things. They might not be getting enough exercises or not doing homework, which will cause you to lower your grades. They may also not be able to spend time with their families. It could also change who you are as a person. The most important thing about using computers is your safety. There are predators all over the internet and may pretend they are someone from school and ask where you live. You should never tell anyone where you live or your full name online. They can and most likely will come to you for you. It could most likely cost you or even some of your family your life. Computers can be fun, and you can learn a lot of information, but only when you use them wisely. Remember not to tell anyone where you live or take photos and send them that are personal. They could be all over the internet the next day. Finally, worry about your family, your grades, and your health rather than unnecessary play. Be smart and safe!
Dear Diary, I think people need computers. It helps them see the world if they can't. It can be used to send important messages to people further away from you. Additionally, if someone has a distant relative or loved one, they can see themselves through the computer. So here are examples of those three things. Some people cannot physically or mentally and cannot afford to travel. It's sad how some people get so sick of an illness or disease that they can't go anywhere else. But if they do go on the internet, they can search for photos and information of places they have never been, which can help them see the world better. But there are people who can help them see the world better. But there are people who have fears that prevent them from traveling to different places. So they could go online and find ways to help them overcome their fears. This in turn will allow them to overcome their fears and let them travel. Then there are people who cannot afford it. So the internet can help find a good job that earns a lot of money that they can use to afford to travel the world and see it for what it is. What if you need to send someone a very important message to stop them from doing something or help them live or even stop a war. So take into consideration if there is an ongoing war for misunderstanding. So if the government finds out what happened and knows how to turn it around, then it could send a message to the attackers. What happened and it wasn't what they thought we were doing, then they would stop fighting and the war would be over. And if there was a bomb in the white house, you would want to come out of the building or find it and disarm it. So some guy finds out and sends a message to the white house and it would save the lives of all the people in the white houses. Sometimes loved ones go far away and you can't talk to or see them. Someone in the military and he / she has a child, so the computer allows them to see them and talk to them through a webcam that would keep the child and parent together and not separate them. Also, you see a friend on Facebook that you haven't seen in years, then you hook them up and reconnect with each other and you can be friends with them again. So, in conclusion, the computer can do a lot of useful things. It can mend relationships, save lives, help you overcome fears and see the world. Which is not so bad that it is sometimes abused but it is very useful. It's not horrible but it is sometimes bad but also sometimes good but
Do you want my opinion on the effects of computers on people? Well I believe computers help people educate people and some computers that people rely on. It's time to decide if you agree with me that computers have positive effects on people. Do you agree with me that computers can help people? Suppose, for example, you have a question that no one in your house can answer. Why not @ ORGANIZATION2? Of course, every once in a while you're going to have a school project. You might need some information, but the library is closed. And you don't know what to do at @ CAPS3. Simple, all you have to do is search for it on your computer. Do you not agree that computers help people? I remember the time I entered a @ CAPS1 contest, and the @ CAPS2 I needed was lost, then I remembered putting it on my computer. People can trust computers. Think about it! Almost more than @ PERCENT1 of jobs in the world are based on computer technology. For example, the job @ ORGANIZATION1. It would be quite difficult to keep track of the amount of garbage thrown away each year without a computer, surely banks use computers too! To keep track of each person's allowances and financial situations. Remember what lawyers do? There are incart lawyers who use the computer to type every word said. They shorten words and follow what people say. Have you @ CAPS3 that without these computers half of the million jobs in the world would fail ? Some people would agree that some online games are educational. For example, there is @ CAPS4. This game teaches you words that you have probably never seen before. And don't forget @ CAPS5. This game improves your number counting. Last, but not least, would be @ CAPS6 @ CAPS7. This game hones your skills and exercises your brain. Strategy is useful, you will surely see by now that some games are very educational. In conclusion, I agree that the effects of computers on people are positive. Because computers help people, are reliable, and can educate people. Is it now or never agreed that computers have positive effects on people?
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1, my name is @ PERSON1. I have just been briefed on how people perceive computers and their effects. In my opinion, I find that computers have a very negative influence on young children, adolescents and adults. There are many harmful realizations that accompany having one. On the one hand, people so hypnotized by this electronic device find less time to exercise and take care of themselves. Plus, the only nature they experience are pictures online and don't take in all the beauty of what's left of the earth. Another negative result is that they start to become more and more distant from their loved ones. What happened to our company? Why can we no longer think for ourselves? I really, very much hope that what I say will change the minds of some people. Thank you very much. Exercise is a very important part of anyone's life. Especially growing children and adolescents. On the computer, what are the benefits of exercise that you get ? Stronger fingers? A higher risk of syndrome @ CAPS10. “@ CAPS2 @ PERCENT1 children with @ CAPS7 problems like obesity have internet access,” according to @ PERSON2 of, “@ CAPS3 feels good with @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5 @ CAPS6” at hunington beach, @ LOCATION1. When, fundamentally, you give yourself to computers, you @ MONTH1 don't think of staying a fir at all. Instead on some chips when typing. @ CAPS4 @ CAPS7 BENEFITS @ CAPS8 that the game helps ? With global warming on our side, what you saw yesterday @ MONTH1 will not be here today. Breathing in fresh, natural air can really calm a stressed child. What happened to playing endless scoth with sidewalk chalk and cool? or tag or just run? Isn't that cool anymore? Yeah, it's not cool to take care of yourself. Get inspired by writing poems about how you feel or drawing a script. Now one day, instead of @ CAPS10 climbing a tree, our mouse arrow was climbing to the next website. There is so much that we all take for granted that one day when you look back you are really going to miss those days @ DATE1. Time spent with family is so critical in anyone's life. Without a family, you are nothing. When did game night or family time go ? Just because we're in a society that says computers are a normal day-to-day thing in a home doesn't mean that your family and friends are no longer a priority for you. If you want to hang out with a friend, don't email about it, just walk @ CAPS2 there and get the full effect since when is a computer a family ? Never. If we stepped out of a false reality, @ CAPS10, there would be no negativity in our life. @ CAPS10, you can find a real life with them. @ CAPS10, you would think more clearly just @ CAPS10. What makes a computer better than life? Nothing asks you the question. So inconclusive, I firmly believe that with this in your lives, we actually got dumber. There are more negatives than positives in having a computer. Sure, you can quickly message them or like @ CAPS9, but is it still bad to go old fashioned? Or send a letter? Again, thank you for taking the time to read this. @ CAPS10 I changed you, @ CAPS10 not. Whatever you do, think about the next time you're online and see what happens.
Dear local newspaper, I agree that computers have had a huge impact on human society. Therefore, my opinion is that @ MONTH1 is one of the greatest inventions. I would say this because there are different helper programs or websites that @ MOIS1 help people in day to day life. In particular, students have the opportunity to study from educational web pages. In addition, people can communicate online. Finally, you can type stories instead of handwriting them. Having the benefit of studying online is great. Different websites with tons of info and real @ MONTH1 facts really affect the grades of most students. Did you know that @ PERCENT1 of the @ LOCATION1 goes to educational websites for writing information, whether it's an essay or a non-fiction story ? Thanks to computers, there is a good chance that students in MONTH1 will obtain a passing grade. Online communication has had a huge impact around the world. Whether you use Facebook, @ CAPS1, @ ORGANIZATION1 etc., communicating with your family or friends is fantastic. For example, I use Facebook and love talking to my family at @ LOCATION2, which I see about once every two years. Online communication has affected people because there is an easier way to talk to others instantly. At the push of a button, you have instant communication with someone. Finally, people have the option of typing on a program if they wanted to type a letter or a story. For example, if you are using Microsoft Word, you can type whatever you want. It affected people because it's a faster and easier way to write. Therefore, if you finish earlier than if you had typed it, you would have more free time or more time to do the rest of your work. Also, it's easy for me because I hit like the wind; after training, of course. In conclusion, the invention of computers helped and still helps society in many ways. But, I think the three ways I have chosen to speak to you in this letter have touched us the most. Hope this helps you with your questions about how computers have affected people. Thank you for taking the time to read my letter. Have a nice day.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 a computer is by no means dangerous. It helps people learn things they didn't know. It also allows people to interact with people around the world. Another is that it allows people to keep in touch with their family and friends all over the world. Computers don't hurt, they help. The computer is a learning tool. Schools like mine have over a hundred computers, but they are only used for education. Anyway, even if we try to go to different sites, we are redirected to a blocked website. The cars and other machinery were built by the computers which provided the blueprints. There is one thing that computers are primarily used for, and that is for learning. Are you planning to go on vacation somewhere but don't know how things are going there? Well, a computer can help you with these problems. It lets you see how people are and what the place looks like with a virtual tour. Even with a little help if you don't know the traditions or beliefs. Computers are a great way to explore. Computers are a great way to communicate with others. Family members who live halfway around the world can use computers to talk and see how you are doing. How about old friends who have moved. You can still talk and communicate with each other. Getting in touch with friends and family isn't so bad, is it? And these are the reasons to show that computers are in no way dangerous. It gives people a good education. It allows people to learn about the cultures of places around the world. And talking to friends is good, not bad. That's why computers don't hurt people, they help.
Dear Editor, I recently heard that some people think that computers have a negative effect on people. Well I think computers have a positive effect on people. I think computers have a positive effect on people because they make it easier to learn about other countries. Also, it helps people talk to people from different countries. Another reason is that it helps people learn about different cultures, religions or traditions. The reason some people think that computers have a negative effect on people is that people spend more time on the computer than with their families. In addition, people use computers more than exercise machines, bicycles or scooters. Now that you know the positive and negative effects of computers, which side will you choose ? the one against computers or the one for computers. I would choose the one for computers.
Dear Editor of the Local Newspaper, @ CAPS1's take on the effects of computers on people is that staying on a computer isn't that bad, it doesn't rot your brain like video games. are some good reasons why computers are good and help you. Sometimes computers help with hand-eye coordination. You use the computer to do your homework or to find stores, etc. Some computers are really slow, but not all new to @ DATE1, computers can also help you read better, it has little. You can play talk to people like your friends. Listening to music is an easy thing for you, a website with all the songs you love to listen to, many people use the computer to find jobs and use it to look for ways to eat well and pay their bills online is easier than paying them for real. The computer is an easy way to pay and you should agree with @ CAPS1's opinion.
Dear Diary, The question is whether or not people spend too much time on the computer. In my opinion, people aren't, and there are a lot of benefits to being on a computer. Typing computer teacher's hand-eye coordination. It's also easy to learn on the computer, and you all communicate with people too ! Hand-eye coordination is very important. We use it every day to take sports notes and even play video games! Being on the computer is good because it develops hand-eye coordination. Whatever you do on the computer - typing, playing online games, or surfing the web - develop hand-eye coordination. It is good to learn hand-eye coordination, as most teachers these days require children to type and print their papers, so they are cleaner. Hand-eye coordination. My World Cultures teacher allows us to use an online textbook if we haven't finished our homework in class, instead of going through the textbook. Any student would rather go online than having to bring a giant textbook to school. Have you ever thought about how much easier it is to take a college course online. So having to go to university especially for working parents? It all happens online in your portable laptop, instead of having to come and go to college. It is easy to use the computer to explore different places. There are websites full of photos of beautiful foreign places, hot deserts and tropical rains of monkeys and tigers. It's fun and easy to learn on a computer. Since cell phones have become so prevalent, many people have ditched their home phones to save money. Sometimes although cell phones lose signal. This is why it is good to have a computer. It's eating to talk to other forums, chat sites, and email. You can get smart, and it's easy and free ! It is is to communicate using a computer. Surely you've heard my reasons why people can spend time on the computer, you see my point. Yes, people need to spend time outdoors or with family, the computer is good for you. It is easy to learn manual coordination and communicate on a computer.
Not everyone thinks computers are right for you, but they are a great resource for finding information. It's not good to be on the @ NUM1 seven compoler but to be sure sometimes isn't bad. A person who is on the computer all day and does nothing but that, then it is not healthy at all. People just have to limit their time to the time they stay on the computer. Don't worry ! Computers are also very good at information as I said earlier. If you have a computer or a laptop and need to find information on something, the internet is here. For kids who need to do homework or a project and they need to search for facts or information about something they could go to the computer for it. It is so much easier to do this than to search for books that have all the facts you need. Computers therefore have very good qualities and resources. They aren't bad or unhealthy unless it's your life and the only thing you do. This is my opinion on computers.
I think people spend a lot of time on their computers and don't appreciate nature and things. My reasons are that people don't do anything other than surf the web, talk to other people all the time, and eat junk food and don't exercise. These are my three reasons. My number one reason is that people are surfing the web. There are over a million websites to visit. What people do is go see them all to see things or buy something. The only thing they should do is homework or business. People also play many video games on the computer. My second reason is that people go to @ CAPS1 or @ CAPS2 or use webcams. These people could be there for hours talking to people. Sometimes these things are people's lives and everything they do. I know someone who has a @ CAPS1 and after school all he does is talk to people. They have friends on @ CAPS1 but no real life friends. My third reason is that when people keep going, all they are doing is eating junk food and not exercising. Sometimes they eat chips and cookies and have soda. If you do this for a week, you will be very tired and sleepy. You can also get very fat. Your body will be unhealthy and out of shape. Now that you've read my reasons, I hope you like them. My reasons why people don't do anything other than surf the web, talk to other people all the time, and people eat junk food and don't exercise.
Dear local newspaper, I just wanted to say that I agree with you that some people spend a lot of time on the computer. My reasons are that people need to exercise, to get out. Have fun. If you read on you will understand why they have to do these things. My first reason was exercise. And the reason I say exercise is because you don't have to be on the computer all day. There is so much they can do is run, jog, and take bike rides. I mean, it's good to go to the computer every once in a while to learn, but that's why they have books and a school to learn things. My second reason was to go out and the reason is that people need to get some fresh air and not be locked inside all day. Another was to explore and hike to see what's going on and have a good time. My other reason was nature. And what I mean by that is you can go to the zoo and learn things there. Another thing is that you can do a lot more without being on the computer all day. My last reason was you can talk to your friend about things, you can go to the mall all day, you can also hang out with your friend and sleep and watch movies. You don't have to be in front of the computer all day to have fun. That's why I'm saying you don't have to be on the computer. You can do other things while learning without being on the computer. For once you are used to talking online, you can actually go to your friends' house and talk. Thank you for your time. Hope to talk to you soon.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS1 you are at home and you are on the computer. But it's been hours, if not days, since you last took a breath of fresh air outside. This @ MONTH1 seems cpzy, yet it is a reality for more than <@ PERCENT1 @ NUM1> of the @ LOCATION1 population. Look around you, they are in the movies, on a TV channel at home, in your office and even at school ; computers are everywhere. I know that due to the overuse of computers, many experts worry that people are spending too much time on their computers and less time exercising and enjoying nature, and in interacting with family and friends I say because of these people they should only be allowed everywhere. to use the computer in rainy weather, say @ CAPS2 to the computers. What I mean is that with computers our days are wasted with virtual games and other downloads. For starters, people spend too much time on their computers and less time exercising. Over the past two years, obesity has become a major problem at @ LOCATION1 with more than @ PERCENT1 in the population. recently my cousin died of a canser caused by her fat or obesity. What I mean is we can't just sit him doing nothing, get up and walk away from this computer and people should get off the computers and start enjoying nature. In total, <@ PERCENT1 @ NUM2> of contacts in @ LOCATION1 do not spend enough time outdoors. With a worldwide warning killing our environment, people would care enough to send a little girl out of their time. did you know that more and more of the environment is disappearing every day? I went to see my good friends and experts in all things enviable from the state of cleaning up our world or our cow.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION2, I am expressing my concern about the side effects of new technologies, such as computers, on humans. Computers negatively impact humans because people spend too much time @ ORGANIZATION1 on their computers, which in turn results in less time spent exercising. People also don't spend as many days outdoors and interacting with friends and family. First, people spend too much time @ ORGANIZATION1 surfing the net. Research shows that the average @ CAPS1 spends a total of @ NUM1 hours per day on the computer, almost double what they should spend there. Dr @ DR1 from tech company @ CAPS1, states that if this increases the time spent on the internet by @ ORGANIZATION1 for several years, most @ CAPS3 will completely lose contact with family and friends outside of @ ORGANIZATION1 in the network. social computing. The average weight of @ ORGANIZATION1 by @ NUM2 years has increased from @ NUM3 pounds to @ DATE1 to @ NUM4 pounds today. Statistics show that the main cause of this dramatic increase in weight is due to the excessive amount of time @ ORGANIZATION1 spends on computers and @ CAPS4 does not have as much time for exercise. Teens should exercise three times a week for thirty minutes each. @ CAPS5, the average teenager only spends ten minutes a week exercising, not counting the gym. All @ ORGANIZATION1 these numbers have to change and one way to start would be to lose the computer because people are spending too much time on it and less time exercising. Second, computers allow people to get out and enjoy nature. From my personal experience, nature is a beautiful thing to be apart @ ORGANIZATION1 @ CAPS5 These days I spend way too much time on social media such as Facebook, my space and @ CAPS6 others. How often do you go outside for a walk, bike ride, or anything else ? A study by @ PERSON2 shows that the average person living at @ LOCATION1 has spent only a total of @ ORGANIZATION1 @ NUM5 days outdoors in the past two years after receiving their new computer. This must change people need to take advantage of what this world has to offer. Third, computers have effected the interaction between family and friends. "People @ CAPS6 only interact with their families at mandatory times such as school reunions." says @ ORGANIZATION1. Family and friends are of major importance in everyone's life. I love to sit and chat with my mom over a steaming cup of hot chocolate @ ORGANIZATION1. @ PERCENT1 @ ORGANIZATION1 people are no longer spending time with their family and @ PERCENT2 @ ORGANIZATION1 people are using computers to interact with their friends. It is vitally important that people stop using computers because "before you know it, you will have lost all communication with your family and friends," says @ PERSON1 of IUM Computers Helping People Lose Communication communication and interaction with their family and friends. In conclusion, I urge you to make the right decision to stop using computers and in return you will be a much happier and stronger individual. Computers have a terrible impact on humans because people spend too much time in them, resulting in lack of exercise, time spent outdoors and, on top of that, interactions between friends and family. Sorry for the lack of organization @ ORGANIZATION1 towards the end, I ran out of space @ ORGANIZATION1. Please excuse the mess. Thank you.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, I am writing to you today so that you can see why advanced technology is having a positive effect on people. The reasons I'm writing this are because computers allow people to talk to others online, people learn from faraway places, and lastly, it's teacher hand-eye coordination. Reading my letter, I hope you fell in the same way. First of all, computers allow you to talk to other people online. The reason I think this way is if you can't like your phone in your pipe or even your cell phone you might see if they are online. It's also the same as texting, but with a bigger keyboard / screen I can relate to that because I was texting someone and went online to find whtm, so we sent each other goals instead. Hope you can see why computers can be good for people. Second, not many people will go to the library to look up information about an article for a school. The reason I think it this way is that a computer has google to make things easier to find. Another reason is to go to the library @ MONTH1 because you are sending more money to fill your gas tanks. I can relate this because every time my family goes to the library we have to refuel the car after we leave. This is another of the reasons computers are good. Finally, computers can teach hand-eye coordination. The reason is that if you are writing an email, you need to know the keys that your fingers are touching. Another reason computers are hand-eye coordination is that if your child is taking karayta, he might have learned to move his hands so quickly from somewhere. I can understand this because when I was in first year you told me there was a guy who needed us to get in the truck to help him find his lost puppy, and he tried to grab me but I pulled my away before I got stuck. Hope you can see why we need computers. I would like the I to sit down and read my essay. Again, my reasons for writing where people can talk to other people online, learn about faraway places, and finally hand-eye coordination. I hope you will rethink why we should have computers in school.
Dear local newspaper, I agree that computers have a positive effect on people. You learn hand-eye coordination, you don't have to go out to the library, and it can improve your social skills. Read on to find out why. Computers, we use them every day. They teach us something. We @ MONTH1 don't even realize it, but they teach us hand-eye coordination. We type something and we use our eyes to look at the screen, then our hands to type, a mistake and our hand automatically fixes it. Or maybe when we play games online the same applies. Our eyes watch, while our hands quickly work on the keyboard. Hand-eye coordination is a skill you need in sports, and I think computers, since we spend time on it, are the quick way to learn this skill. Then, how many parents of students work? My parents do. Something that becomes difficult to walk to the library, not everyone lives within walking distance of one. That's when a computer helps. If you have a project to do but your parents are working you can just @ ORGANIZATION1 set it up, you might even get more info then what you can get at the library. How so ? you ask. Well, for an example, @ CAPS1 you had to do a project on @ CAPS2. Let's just say you made it to a library, but apparently there were only @ NUM1 books on @ CAPS2, of which @ NUM2 was checked out. You can still check it out in another library, but it might not happen soon enough, in a @ PERCENT1 poll of students said it had happened to them, but the computer backed them up. So what else did they say? HELLO @ ORGANIZATION1 ! Last but not least, a computer improves your social skills. When I moved here I was a very shy person. When I did a @ CAPS3, I @ CAPS4 talking to people who attend my school. I even became friends with them. I'm not saying you should just stop talking to people in person and use @ CAPS3, @ CAPS6, @ CAPS7 or @ CAPS8 and communicate. @ CAPS9 I'm saying if you start talking to them online you know them a little bit, then when you talk in person you will see that you have a lot in common, with that person, and soon you can become friends. Another thing, which is kind of related to this. I have many friends living @ LOCATION1 and many cousins to LOCATION3 @, @ LOCATION2, @ CAPS9 more. We @ CAPS9 know, you can't travel @ CAPS9 on time, sometimes you can't even see them. This is the help of social networks @ CAPS10. You can keep in touch, as well as @ CAPS11.S. don't even waste minutes on your phone. Can it get better? In conclusion, computers have a very positive effect on people. Whether it's improving hand-eye coordination, not going out to the library, and finishing this project on time with an A + as a grade, improving your social skills. See even the data collected. Thank you for taking the time and effort to read this, I hope it won over a lot of people.
@ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS1 you @ CAPS2 want your kids and citizens to get fat and lazy ? Or be active, learn everyday skills, and become more friendly with the people around you ? @ PERCENT1 parents would agree with me on the second idea compared to the first. Well I think after reading this those extra @ PERCENT2 will be persuaded. Now one day @ NUM1 on @ NUM2 people are overweight or obese. This can be caused by lack of exercise and inactivity. Our kids need to learn @ CAPS1 to go out and exercise one hour a day. It could take their eyes off the computer screen. A great way to help encourage joining a sports team or club. This may work for people away from screens and the @ ORGANIZATION2 course. If we can get people out of the office, it might even push them into nature. These are great things for @ CAPS1 at the local park everyday. For example, you can ride a bike, play games, or just have fun with friends. Learning could also be much faster to get people out of their computer chairs. If they want to search, tell them to use a dictionary, thesaurus, or book. If people on the computer, but it can teach children and drugs. Bt @ CAPS1 helps find career and life options. sitting in front of a screen can your health and too. These are better things for @ CAPS1. Instead via the Internet. You can still have fun if you are not good at example and friends. If you are a boy you can just go to @ CAPS1 like a park and foot the basic career bill or even wrestle. In conclusion, I would say this would like to get up and go out. Since the p and the side could help you socialize and learn and even lose weight. So now I leave it up to you whether or not to take up the challenge. But just to fill you up if you stay on your computer it can promote the need for obese glasses.
Dear Diary, @ CAPS1 recently brought to my attention that people are saying that computers are not important. Well, I totally disagree with that statement. I think computers teach great hand-eye coordination, give people the chance to learn about distant places, and even allow you to chat online with family and friends. Computers teach hand-eye coordination a lot. Study shows that @ PERCENT1 of all soccer players have excellent hand-eye coordination. I'm sure it's because once soccer players come home from a big game or something they log into @ CAPS2 and make their status a matter of winning. Plus, they'll probably shoot up the pingball and see how long they can last without dropping the little ball down the hole. Do you have good hand-eye coordination? My second reason why I disagree with the previous statement should be that computers give people the ability to learn about remote places without ever leaving home, I mean @ CAPS1 is so much faster than d 'have to go to the library. At the library you will need to go there first, then choose your book and finally check @ CAPS1. with a computer all this time, you might be done with your whole project ! Finally, the reason computers are so important is that @ CAPS1 keeps people in touch. Do you have family members who live far away from you? I @ CAPS3 I do. I can't always call them on the phone @ CAPS4 I want to talk to them so I just log into @ CAPS2 and if he's online I can have my conversation with that person. I do @ CAPS3 for you but I am very close to my grandmother. Unfortunately she doesn't even live close to @ NUM1 hours for me. It is at the bottom of @ LOCATION2 to @ LOCATION1. By car it's a day and a half and by plane it's three hours! So @ CAPS1 is so much easier to log into @ CAPS2 and have a private chat with her rather than driving a day and a half or flying for three hours. So in conclusion I'm sure you totally agree with me. Computers are just amazing ! They help you get hand-eye coordination, let you search for something really fast, and keep you in touch with your distant friends and family.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS1 being at home doing nothing. You can't play basketball with your friends @ PERSON1 because you did hand-eye rope. Want to know more about @ LOCATION1, but there are no books. And you want to talk to your friends. This is what would have happened if we had not had technological advancements. No stringing in hand, we wouldn't be able to find out about faraway places and we would elbow each other in a line. Computers benefit our lives in many ways. For starters, hand-eye cordenation is very important. Without @ CAPS5, we would not be able to store or even hold a pen. @ PERCENT1 in people's hand-eye cording has improved when using a computer. This has been proven in a @ DATE1, say a @ CAPS2 by @ PERSON2, responsible for human reactions. "@ CAPS3 knows that your hands are the most oversized part of your body, the computer helps reduce movement to fine-tune the eye-hand cord." - @ PERSON1 said this in an interview @ DATE2 with sience magaziene. When you're awkward, you break things. Important things every time, like @ PERSON3 in @ LOCATION2 broke his mother's glass vase. @ CAPS5 could have been helped if she had used a computer. In addition, computers give us the power to learn from distant places. No books! @ PERCENT2 some people prefer to look up information on a computer than in a book. @ CAPS5 is a fact. Some people would not have heard of the earthquake at @ LOCATION3 if @ CAPS5 had been used for websites that broadcast updates to @ CAPS5. The campers weud heard it. In @ ORGANIZATION2 there was a cover page to promote the use of computers instead of books. Books may be out of date, but the computer will always have up-to-date answers. In addition, people need to be able to talk online. Business meetings, government plans, just to chat with a friend. People need to be able to stay in touch. If the president couldn't participate in a video conference, he would fly everywhere. Emale is the only way for @ PERSON5 from @ CAPS4 to talk to colleagues. “ I'm just so far away, it's so much easier. » @ CAPS5 flows the bissness and major incoperations. "@ CAPS6 is now the only way kids talk @ CAPS5 seems." @ PERSON4 says. @ CAPS5 makes them feel like there is something bigger than them. Now @ CAPS1 happy, healthy and educated young and old Americans. They can do and research whatever they want. It's amazing what technology is doing. @ CAPS5 allows you to chat online, search for faraway places and practice your hand-eye cording. Sounds like a good thing to me! So @ ORGANIZATION1, computer fists are only good. So agree with me @ ORGANIZATION1!
Some people @ MONTH1 think computers take too long for important things. But really everything you want to know is right there. You can learn more about nature, cool websites, and even history. Here are my reasons for the effect on computers. First, you can learn a lot about nature online. You can see and study many types of animals. Learn more about plants and their effects on life. In addition, you can learn more about @ LOCATION1 and how it has evolved. Second, there are many websites that you can join. There are games you can play to keep you busy during the day. You can even chat online with friends or maybe find some long lost friends. School sites are available for students of certain students or help. Finally, computers show you so much about history. People who have world famous things and people back then compared to famous people today. Most important of all, the life-changing story and how it changes the lives of people today. I hope I have you enough to agree with me. As you can see, computers have a lot of resources that you can learn from learning websites and the story doesn't even have half of them. Think about! Thank you for your attention
Computers and the @ CAPS1 have changed the way the world works today. From stocks to instant messaging (@ CAPS2), people have made important decisions in their lives based on what they read. Although some people believe that computers take people away from the beauty of nature, family or exercise. I believe @ CAPS11 is only helping the world today. An example is the conversation, many people have close relatives but over seas, across the country or even across the city. The @ CAPS1 helps them talk to other people they wouldn't normally be able to have a conversation with. On several occasions my family have planned trips together even though we live across the continent. What could have taken months by letters in the mail took only an hour to do on @ CAPS1. Another way to talk to your friends or family is through a website called @ CAPS3. @ CAPS3 is a website that allows you to talk to @ CAPS6 or send photos to others. Other websites like this are @ CAPS4 and @ CAPS5 @ PERCENT1 people from @ LOCATION1 have an account on one of these websites. Another way to talk to others, more for professional reasons, is @ CAPS6. Several proud servers @ CAPS6. such as @ ORGANIZATION3, @ ORGANIZATION2 or @ CAPS8. "@ ORGANIZATION3 is my favorite," says @ PERSON2 @ CAPS9 from @ LOCATION2 @ CAPS10. Another reason I support the use of computers is that <@ PERCENT1 @ NUM1> of all students rely on @ CAPS1 for their research and other work. “Although I still use books,” @ PERSON1 told college. CAPS1 is so much faster and the articles are more up to date. @ CAPS13 searches are the most commonly used, such as @ ORGANIZATION1 or @ CAPS14.com @ NUM2, of all computer users with @ CAPS1 access have @ ORGANIZATION1 to a certain painting. Another handy program provided by all IT companies is @ CAPS15 @ CAPS16. This program is used from everything to research papers. This program also has spell check, punctuation check and error check. The main reason I'm writing this article is because experts are complaining that people are spending too much time on the computer and @ CAPS11 is distracting them from the important things in life. Such as friends, family and nature. However, from the examples explained in this article, I have shown that the @ CAPS1 increases conversation and curiosity about how the world looks and works. When it comes to exercise, @ CAPS11 makes good sense to spend as little as an hour working on personal fitness.
Dear @ LOCATION1, I think the way more and more people use computers is bad because, @ NUM1 int is not good for people's health, @ NUM2 people who use computers a lot of times refuse to spend time with family and friends and @ NUM3 you can learn more about something on a computer by studying it yourself. My number one reason computers have such bad effects on the people who use them is because of the health problem. Health is very important, but sitting in front of a computer for hours on end makes it worse. By the way, you bend your back to see something small on the computer screen, or when you hold down the mouse, waiting to click on something for a long time can cause arthritis. My second reason why computers have such bad effects on the people who use them. Do people who are on computers and sometimes end up refusing to spend time with family or friends like for example : @ CAPS1 says a week ago you promised to reunite a family with the family, and they all rely on you to go, @ CAPS2, you get a computer, you go to all those cool websites you never heard of, it's amazing, isn't it ! WRONG! before you know if, it's family reunion day and your one hour queue @ CAPS4 you have an excuse not to come. And it breaks the warmth of your family ... My last reason computers are a bad idea for me is that you can learn more on another computer by going to one But it's fun to travel or meet people from this place @ CAPS2 in a pros and have neck, back and aches @ CAPS3 I'm right, I think I @ CAPS3. Also idsfun to and culture ear foods you end up chilling than lame computers. (For me this sounds like a good time to invite family and friends!) @ CAPS4 so in conclusion, in my personal opinion, computers have bad effects on people health, it can cause bacj and blood problems. neck later, maybe even activities. People who use computers a lot or enjoy spending time on computers refuse to spend time with family and friends, and @ NUM3 You can find out more about something like a culture or a land, if you go there 'study yourself instead of going on a computer for hours. Hope my opinion will convince others, hoe computers have bad effects on people who use it a lot, and take action on their own and do what is right.
@ ORGANIZATION1, computers have great positive effects on people. It's @ CAPS3, it teaches hand-eye cordanation, lets people learn about distant places and talk to other people online. Computers have great positive effects for everyone. Computers teach hand-eye cordanation. When a person types, they use their hands to type while looking at the monitor for letters. Computer games help teach this @ CAPS3 in the game. Things happen very quickly, so the person has to see what's going on and click the right button quickly, greatly improving the eye of the hand @ CAPS1 . Studies show that people who use computers have a better eye @ PERCENT1 @ CAPS1 than someone who doesn't. Computers help to see @ CAPS1 and they can tell you about places far away. Someone can find out about faraway places by searching online. They will get a lot of facts about this place. Sheral from @ LOCATION4 said I heard someone at school mention @ LOCATION2 and didn't know about it, so I researched him and got a ton of facts. to distant people. Using the computer, someone might be talking to you while you are hundreds or thousands of miles away. You can do this by email or video chat. a @ CAPS2 has shown that seven out of ten people prefer @ CAPS3 video chat it's faster and both people can see each other. However, these are always quick ways to contact someone far away anyway. Jack from @ LOCATION1 said "@ CAPS3 from the video chat I was able to talk to and see my cousin from @ LOCATION3 who I hardly ever see. It shows that the computer is a positive thing for people. The computer is useful in many ways, it teaches hand-eye cordiation, it allows people to learn about distant places and it allows people to talk to other people Computers are a good thing for everyone. "
Computers, @ CAPS1 how far we've come. Computers hold many opportunities for the world and… we are not using any. Computers have taken a lot of them and left them without excersize. Computers fascinate many and can become very addicting if not used in moderation. Computers also attract attention and eliminate interactions with family. Imagine seven years of your life sitting in front of a computer. You never get up unless you absolutely need to. You even decide to cut sports from your life. Now imagine what this does to your body. Even if you were eating right, never exercising would kill you. I remember I was at my cousin's house @ PERSON2 when she suggested playing the game @ CAPS2 fit. If you've never played it before, when you log in it performs tests and determines the age of your body. My body was @ NUM1 years old. I was @ NUM2 years old in a @ NUM1 year old body. All those years spent in front of the computer. I don't want this experience to happen to another. Don't make the same mistake I made readers of the current @ LOCATION1. I have a friend named @ PERSON1 and she is addicted to computers. She spent days on the computer. Sometimes she skipped school for the computer or came to school just to play on the computer. She would sometimes become violent when someone tried to push her away. I hated seeing my friend like that, but mostly I hated the way I watched him happen. It started off pretty innocent. She liked a certain website on the Internet. It got scary sometimes when she told me about it and she had clearly played it all night. If you look at this story and think this will never happen to me, you are wrong. I was thinking the same way when I took a look at this website that got it started. Fortunately, I stopped my addiction before it got serious, but many more like @ PERSON1 could and will be absorbed into computers. Many readers reading this right now should understand how dangerous it is and read this : "@ CAPS3 ! .... @ CAPS3 ! ... I'm talking to you !" It is the sound of your family members trying to talk to you when you are on the computer. It doesn't work, computers get so much attention that you can't even bear to talk to your own family. My mom does this several times a day to get my attention and ends up calling my cell phone or by me. It's really just sad. By doing this, you also detach yourself, which is never a good thing. The more you ignore your family for the computer, the less connection you have, the less life you will have. Computers are truly amazing, but the loss of exercise is very unhealthy and happens quickly. Computers can also be dangerous, and many people will become addicted to them. The more you chat with strangers in the chat room, the less you'll talk to your family. Computers are the devil's tools. They will most certainly destroy you, readers. Always be careful, computers are not what they seem.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 in ten people spend their time on computers. I think people shouldn't spend @ CAPS3 a lot of time on their computer as it can hurt their eyes. They @ MONTH1 watch inappropriate videos or pictures. Finally, their bills will go up. Did you know that a lot of people spend their time on computers? Well I think they shouldn't be sitting on their eye damage. When you sit down and look at the computer, your eyes start to hurt. Then, when you go to check your eyes, the doctor will probably give you glasses. My second reason is that people go to inappropriate sites and watch inappropriate videos. Once my friend was sitting at the computer and she started watching inappropriate videos @ CAPS3 when her dad found out he canceled their internet connection. Can you imagine the high bills you would have? Why pay too much money to spend a lot of time @ CAPS3 on the computer, when you can shut down the computer and hang out with your friends. For example, instead of sitting at the computer @ CAPS3, go outside and play soccer, kickball, and more. In conclusion, people should stop spending @ CAPS3 a lot of time on computers. Computers can hurt your eyes if you sit too much. People @ MONTH1 are watching inappropriate videos. In addition, your bills will increase. It seems to me that people need different activities to get them out of computers. Hope you agree with my ideas.
Dear local newspaper, I think computers are a good thing to have for the following three reasons. First, they help people learn by looking for information in different places. Second, people help talk to their friends and family using @ CAPS2. Finally, they help people become less stressed while playing computer games. Learning is important and with computers you can learn faster. Computers help you discover faraway places like @ LOCATION1. It is much easier to learn on the computer than to go to the library and read a book. If you are working on a project and need breaking news, you can just go to the computer and search for your topic. Learning on a computer is much more convenient than going to @ CAPS1. Another reason computers are good is that you can talk to your distant friends and family using something called @ CAPS2. @ CAPS2 allows someone to talk to another person using the computer. These people might live just down the block or halfway across the world. My cousin is living in Spain for a semester at the university. I have skated with her several times. The great thing about @ CAPS2 is that you can see whoever you are talking to on the computer screen. @ CAPS2 is a great way to stay in touch with family and friends who are far away. My final reason is that computers help reduce your stress levels while playing games. Computer games are a lot of fun to play. They have games that range from @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 the word to @ CAPS5 @ CAPS6 Beauty Barn. Computer games are a great way to reduce your stress because instead of exhausting yourself with too much work, you will calm down with computer games. They also gave educational games. like, which country is which. This game teaches you geography while having fun. Computers are a great thing to have. They help you discover faraway places, talk to people who live far away, and play fun video games. Computers will always be used and will never be wasted. There is always something you can do when you go to a computer.
Dear people in the newspaper, I am afraid that people are taking too much time on the computer as it may cause trouble, violence and illegal crime. Firstly I'm worried that people are spending too much time on the computer because it causes problems, in @ DATE2, @ PERCENT1 @ DATE1 people in @ LOCATION1 do bad things like start rumors, and say bad things about the people they despise, in teens @ DATE1, @ PERCENT2 @ DATE1 of age @ NUM1 were involved in the spread of the rumor. It would be bad for all the children. All of these reasons will lead to @ NUM2 below. Second, I'm worried that people are spending too much time on the computer as it causes voilence, because @ DATE1 the reasons started in paragraph @ NUM3, if all of this continues then this @ MONTH1 & leads to voilence, in @ DATE1 @ NUM4 people have died from all online crimes. The @ NUM5 threats have been found online on large websites like @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, and @ CAPS3. Finally, I am worried that people are spending too much time on the computer as it could lead to illegal crimes. At @ DATE3 a girl was talking to a boy online and then when they decided to meet he shot and killed her. It turned out he was just a person who lied about who he was online, @ CAPS4 on an online website, a group @ DATE1 that men were now talking about how much they hate children , so they decided to shoot them at their bus stops. Thank goodness the police caught them before they committed the crime. In conclusion, I am concerned that people are spending too much time on the computer because it causes trouble, violence and illegal crime. This @ CAPS5 like has to come to a complete stop before everyone gets hooked on spreading rumors. Thank you for taking the time to read this letter.
Dear Readers, Everyone has a computer these days. It could be a good thing, but it is mostly unnatural. People can now do things that they couldn't do before; when people move, they don't need to send letters to each other and have to wait days for a response. Now they just log into goal, facebook, or myspace. Then they can talk in time. But it's only the good things here are the bad. People spend less time outside, they don't look at the butey anymore. We no longer spend time with our friends. I can't even remember the last time I had a face to face conversation with someone if I didn't have to. Internet users can do whatever they want. You @ MONTH1 say it's a good thing. To the right? Well the answer is no! People can hack almost anything. People can cyber bully others without anyone ever knowing who the other person is. People can also be anyone online. Let's say if I was @ NUM1 and wanted to stalk so little @ NUM2, I could also pretend I was ten and pretend to befriend the ten year old. When I found enough information, I would then be able to find the ten year old. Before, people couldn't do that. If people start to see what contributes to our existence, more people will stop being @ NUM3 attached to their computers. People would start to reduce the time they spend on their computers and start living. Take action! Take note! Start spreading the word!
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 would you like to do in your spare time ? Would you like to go out and maybe @ CAPS3 the soccer ball with your kids, or grab a bag of crisps and log into Facebook or your email ? The question is whether computers have a negative or a positive effect on people. I believe computers have a negative effect. Talking to friends on the computer does not teach you social skills. Going on the computer can also be very addicting. Finally, it keeps you away from all the exercises you need to. I @ CAPS4 that after careful consideration you will agree with me that computers have a negative effect on people. Facebook, ichat, and email are all fun and easy ways to talk to friends and family online. However, are you really learning social skills by doing this? Talking to your friends and family online doesn't help you have good social skills. When you first meet someone in person, you will probably want @ CAPS4 @ CAPS2 to say and act. Typing on a keyboard doesn't really allow you to interact with people. @ CAPS6 not inviting someone, or going out for lunch with your family instead? Computers are also very addicting. I can tell for myself that once I log into the computer, I may not be turned off for the next few hours. So are many other people. Going to the computer is addicting. It @ CAPS4 that not everyone uses a computer every day, the vast majority of people do. When I'm on facebook and see that the number of people online is one hundred or even two hundred, over time the number increases. The computer being addictive leads to getting enough exercise. Doctors say adults and children should get at least an hour of exercise a day. Going to the computer takes this time away. Instead of sitting on the computer for an hour, you could get your hour of exercise. instead Often when someone @ CAPS5 is in front of the computer, a snack accompanies them. It just adds to the fact that @ CAPS6 exercising is important for staying healthy. I @ CAPS4 that I would feel a lot better if I went running instead of going on the computer. You're probably saying you have time to manage both, but some people prefer to exercise. When these people see you on the computer, is the @ CAPS2 example genre set ? If everyone limited their time on the computer, we would all feel much better and be more sociable. I hope you will agree with me that computers have a negative effect on people.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 people find the clicking and clacking of computers insane. What they don't realize is that they are helping young people to live and make them easier and that they could do the same for them. This is why computers have such a good effect on people. First of all, computers aren't a bad thing if they just help people get to know each other better. You always see ads for dating sites and stuff like that. Did you know that @ PERCENT1 couples meet online. That's a lot and think they never would have done it if it weren't for computers. Second, computers provide a huge amount of entertainment. There is more than @ NUM1 on online computer games. @ CAPS2 of them are also free. I bet almost every kid has ever played a game on the internet. Think about it, your child might get in trouble or be nice and safe at home while playing on the computer. You probably think computers seem so childish and childish. Well, computers aren't just fun and entertaining. They provide a lot of information. They are very useful for teens in school for projects, but they also benefit adults in many ways. It provides information on vacations, hotels, ext. Plus, computers now have videos all over the place on how to do things like how and other useful information. So, as you can see, computers aren't just a pain. They help bring people together, provide entertainment, and contain very useful information. Think about it. A computer could save your life one day. Computers help people in their day-to-day lives and they could help yours.
Lately, a technological buzz has hit the whole world. Wherever you look, whether at home, at school, at work, or on the street, you see people texting, talking on the phone, blogging, and other IT related stuff. It concerns some people. They believe that these generations rely too much on computers and do not spend enough time exercising outside or socializing. But this is where they are wrong. These experts judge computers too harshly, because it's not like everyone is moving in front of a glass screen, sucked into the world beyond. @ CAPS9, most of these "computer geeks" use the computer for useful things, while they are also used for entertainment, computers also help society reconnect with lost friends or even getting directions to a well known restaurant. As you can clearly see, computers don't turn us all into zombies. Computers are sometimes seen as a nuance. Parents complain about the many times they have to drag their sons and daughters off the screen to dinner or a soccer game that started @ NUM1 minutes ago. But you see, that doesn't mean it's bad. Everyone goes to the computer. “Even though my dad complains that I'm too on @ CAPS1,” @ PERSON1 says, @ ORGANIZATION1 says. "@ CAPS2 forgets that @ CAPS2 has one of its own." This is a similar example to that of many other parents of students. About @ PERCENT1 adults admit that they too have fallen into new fads such as @ CAPS1, @ CAPS4 and @ CAPS5. So why do we need these things? What seems to make them so important to us? The answer is simple, it makes us feel connected. Then again, if you think about it, it might not be that simple. Many people have different opinions on why the computer is so important to them, but most agree that friends are an important factor. "Everyone is already online." @ PERSON2, computer scientist, informs. "@ CAPS6 all of your friends are into something, wouldn't you too?" @ CAPS7 as the famous saying goes, @ CAPS8 your friends jumped off a bridge, will you ?, comes to your mind, let me answer you - @ CAPS9. Being connected and diving into the depths are too different concepts. When you find high school friends or just friends from school, you're happy that @ CAPS7 allows you to talk to them face to face - or computer screen to computer screen - again. Last, but not least, the computer is a great resource. While some people complain, others use what it has to offer by researching clues about events or facts for your next report. This is how websites like @ ORGANIZATION2 earn billions from the words entered into the search engine. The facts and places that emerge from the computer are like gems waiting to be found. In conclusion, it's easy to see why the computer and its resources are so popular. Everyone uses it for different things and different hobbies. While some for pure entertainment, others for information and another for reconnection. My personal favorite for finding the real treasure of the hidden bands, the fantastic ones, that @ CAPS9 even knows. And so, this is why I am convinced that the computer has a positive impact on the world.
Dier: journal I think computers are beneficial and consequent. Computers are beneficial because your entertainment, information and super yousfall., I enjoy all the cool video on youtud while older people clean up the news. You can also send mail, it's the easiest. Then sanding an ordinary envelope. Wait for days or even weeks depending on where you live, but email can get there in seconds, big flaws, right. People who depend on computers can send information about all the people in Pole and Army lands, the Internet on their computers to monitor events such as @ CAPS1.AV for the military or daily messages for an officer from police. I might be a computer for taking back lessons like math and history, but the computer is not good for people without it. Some users may hack other computers and import information and make your life miserable, it may affect your high quality online gamers. and glasses obligatory, computers my complateley replace the newspaper.
A lot of people think that computers are not a good thing. They think people are spending too much time on the computer and exercising less. They are also concerned that staring at the screen could damage your eyes. These statements may be true. I believe computers are good. You can talk to people from other places. You could learn more about other places in the world. You can also use the computer to search for topics. first of all, on the computer, you can talk to people. Whether on a webcam or on one of these networks at @ LOCATION1 and chat with each other. On the computer, you can chat and talk with people without having to call and pay a bill for it. For example, I have family in another country and one of the ways we always talk is on the computer. We talk on webcam and chat. Calling someone from another country on the phone is very expensive. If I didn't have a computer, I wouldn't have such good contact with the @ CAPS2 family in another country. In addition, you can use the computer to watch foreign countries. Many people, including @ CAPS2's parents, have used the computer to research and read information about other countries. @ CAPS2 mother, whenever @ CAPS1 is planning a vacation, look up the country we're going to and get more info about it. Like @ DATE1 we went to a hot exotic place, @ CAPS2 mom looked to see what we should pack to get there. If it hadn't been for the computer, we might have packed the wrong items. Finally, computers are an excellent source of research. I cannot tell you how many times I have used the computer for research. Books and encyclopedias are great sources, but the computer has so much to offer. You have so many links you can go to and sites. You can find photos, videos, maps, and more. I have used the computer a number of times to do research, sometimes it is a requirement to have a few sites that you have researched for your project in school or something like that. If you have a computer at home, you can develop your computer skills for school. Computers are more of a positive than a negative thing. You can talk to people without the expensive phone bill. You can learn about other places and cultures. Also, you can use it for research purposes. Computers @ CAPS3 !
To whoever it is @ MONTH1, I think computers are an asset in most people's lives. One you can use them for almost anything. two computers are good for you in many ways. It shouldn't affect the daily schedule or just being with your family. People can use computers for almost anything for any of their hundreds of websites on the computer. For example, you can play all kinds of games, you can also chat with people, listen to music, watch videos, search for places and much more. Computers are very useful in many ways. Computers are also good for you. They help you with eye coordination. You can also go online and practice math, social studies, etc. The Internet also offers many educational games. Bleaching is good for people who have had this extra help. It also helps you with your manual coordinations because on the computer you have to know how to type. you get really good at it, you can type without looking. A computer cannot come in between your daily schedule or what you do with your family. Because a computer is a computer you go on it if you need something or you just go for fun, for example i have a computer in my house and someone goes there every day and it doesn't never affects what everyone else does us kids always go to school my parents always go to work, we have dinner together, we do whatever we have to do and the computer never gets in our way. In conclusion, I know that computers are good to have in people's homes. One you can use them for almost anything. Two computers are good for you. Three, I shouldn't affect your daily schedule in any way.
Dear journalists, I think computers are good because if I have a family member who is moving out of town and you want to keep in touch and I don't have a phone, then I can chat on the web and stay with them. When @ CAPS1 is bored I go to google to look for pitchers and play games. You can search for a thought and find something else, but it will catch your eye. Computers are good wherever you go, he can search for a project for school. If you're in school this can help you with spelling, and if you find out that wat contrey has the most people @ CAPS2 will find her advancing as quickly as the blink of an eye. Computers are advancing every year. Seart the @ CAPS2 was just a monitor and a mouse, now we have laptops that you can attach to all of them. People can exercise if they want and can enjoy nature with a laptop. But when you exercise, you can go straight to youtube and play music and watch funny videos. And that's why I think computers are good.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3, I am writing this letter to express my opinion on the effects of computers on people. And there are three: theft @ CAPS4, cyberbullying, billing. Now I will write a paragraph on each. My number one reason I think computers have bad effects is. Theft @ CAPS4 Many people under the @ CAPS5.SA identity are being stolen for listing private information online (computer), which can leave this person very in debt. How are we going to encourage people to use computers when they are at risk of having their @ CAPS4 stolen? If this happens to innocent people it must stop, we must not encourage this behavior online, so say no to computers. I understand that it is really interesting to learn from people from different countries, but there are downsides. Talking online to people you don't know and have never met in person, they can masquerade as a famous person and bully you for their fun. It has been proven that when children, even adults, are cyberbullied, it can lead them down the path of depression and even suicide. Now I find it quite awkward to give up your life for a computer. So again, I say no to computers. My last reason I say no to computers is that people get addicted to the excitement of computers and end up splitting up with their friends and family because you get lost in the computer world and forget about your hygiene, some people even forget to eat. This thing they call the computer is a drug, a drug that makes you forget reality and everything you used to think about and brought you to the land of computers. And I say no to computers. I have given you my opinion and three supporting reasons why I feel the way I feel namely stealing @ CAPS4, cyberbullying, addiction. Say no @ NUM1 computers.
Dear diary, I totally agree with the computer experts. Those who support technological advancements believe that computers have a positive effect on people. They say computers teach us hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn from faraway places, and even allow people to talk with others online. These effects are true, but there are a lot of other negative effects that they don't like to say. Computers also affect people's vision because you are very close to the screen, computers are really addicting for many people all over the world and make them not to do any exercise which leads many people to a big problem nowadays, namely obesity. Computers also tend to take a long time away from people's lives. The way I see it is that although the computer has positive effects on people, you can change those positive effects in a better way that can keep you fit and see places with your eyes like you can. train with hand-eye coordination by simply getting a friend and passing tennis balls quickly and at the same time exercising. Also, a computer can allow you to talk with your friends online, but why not talk to them by phone if they are far away n go out and get some fresh air if they live nearby, why not talk to them in person. in place. or if you want to know more about some faraway place, why not visit the place instead. There are a lot of things you can do that a computer can do and better. but yet I am not saying that a computer is bad at all. I agree that there are both good and bad effects on computers as well as on most things in the world we live in. In my opinion, I honestly think that there are more bad effects than good effects for computers.
Personally, I think people shouldn't be spending so much time on the computer. One of the reasons people shouldn't spend so much time on the computer is because people are spending too much time on it and not enough time exercising. Another reason is that people are not enjoying nature. Finally, my last reason is that people spend less time interacting with family and friends. My number one reason why people shouldn't spend so much time on the computer is because they spend more time on it than exercising. People will end up getting fat if they just sit on their computers. People should run or go to the gym instead of going to the computer. Even if you have your own equipment at home for exercising, it's still better than going on the computer and not exercising at all. If people spend as much time exercising as they spend on the computer, then the average human body weight will drop dramatically. Another reason why people shouldn't spend so much time on the computer is that people spend less time enjoying nature. People should be outdoors for some fresh air instead of being indoors on the computer all day. Personally, I would rather be outside playing baseball and getting in shape than being inside the computer to put on weight. Even if you look at nature through a computer, it still won't be the same because you are not experiencing it yourself outside. If people could spend as much time enjoying nature as they do on the computer. We would live in a much healthier and cleaner world. My last reason I think people spend so much time on the computer is that they spend less time interacting with family and friends. People can be in a dark room all day, isolated from anyone they come in just because they're on the computer. To me, it's not just because they covered up that they were spending quality time with their friends and family, instead, they were spending time with their computer. If a person spends all of his time on the computer, then everyone who interests him will gradually slip away, even if they do not know it. So, as you can see, it would be much better if people spend more time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends, then spending more time on the beach. computer. even if you don't spend a lot of time on the computer yet, you will gradually be spending more and more time on it each day until that's finally all you do.
Dear @ CAPS1, this is a letter telling you my opinion on the computer. Yes, people spend a lot of time in computers, this is because computers are very useful in so many ways. Computers help us with our work, school, work ect. For example science. I am in @ NUM1 grade. My teacher @ PERSON1 gives us homework ; every @ DATE1 we have to make @ ORGANIZATION1 are @ NUM2 done on whatever you want to write. Lots of people search for bears on @ ORGANIZATION2 and do their work on bears. Works; Secretaries always have to use a computer for everything in our schools and teachers use computers for attendance, grading. They check you, your attendance, your note, your phone number and your schedule. Communication, my father the computer with our family from @ LOCATION1. We speak to find out how they have been, to find out what is new. A week ago I was chatting with my cousin, she told me her dog has @ NUM3 puppies. My family also uses the computer, to order. My uncle went to ticketmaster.com and ordered two wwe tickets. He also orders his plane tickets on his computer, to go to @ LOCATION1. Well what I mean is people use the computer a lot because they are very useful in so many ways. Its not good to just be in the computer its good to enjoy nature outdoors live your life exercising not only to be fit, but for your health. @ CAPS1 I hope you will enjoy and understand my opinion on computers. Thanks for taking your time and reading it. I really appreciate it.
Dear local @ ORGANIZATION1 @ CAPS1 from @ LOCATION1, lately I noticed that some of the citizens of @ ORGANIZATION1 have been using computers and laptops for quite a number of three, some people say @ CAPS2 is a waste of time that they could enjoy family and friends with friends and family far away. @ CAPS2 helps with finding and learning things @ ORGANIZATION1 and @ CAPS2 helps relax people. modern times and people who disagree like it Some family and friends live far away and you can't talk to them in person. You can always call them or write them a letter. Hot emails, facebook and @ ORGANIZATION2 are easier and more to use. When you call you don't know if you are calling bissy, or if a bad @ CAPS2 is taking a long time and @ CAPS2 is better to stay and send and know @ CAPS2 didn't help with the publicity and to sales. Sometimes maybe impractical because anyone can change anything on the site. However, not all things online are like this. Stay away from fears and things, they will come Some people find that Internet @ CAPS2 could be there from work or sites. There are games that are fun and to talk to. In research, the Internet helps people @ PERCENT1 relax and calm down after a long @ CAPS5, when they are on the computer or laptop, which helps with stress. Computers can help in several ways. There are other realistic things. Plus, wherever you go, you'll find the Internet.
Dear Diary, In our city more and more people are using the computer every day. Some people claim that you can do a lot of things on the computer and talk to people. But, I believe that our city should not support technological advances. You will have more time to exercise, talk to family and friends in person, and participate in different activities in the city. Want to be overweight and not in shape? Well if you are sitting in front of the computer all day you will become like that. “I think exercise should be part of everyone's day,” @ LOCATION1 teacher @ CAPS1 @ PERSON1 said. You would be so attached to your computer that you would not be working. In the state of @ LOCATION1, there is evidence that @ PERCENT1 of residents are overweight because they do not exercise and @ PERCENT2 are overweight because they do not eat properly. This shows that more people at @ LOCATION1 are not exercising than eating properly. @ CAPS4 wants to be overweight and you can change that ! Every year more and more people create Facebook and @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3. Some kids at school are on the Internet all day talking to friends who live on the streets. The students refuse to talk to their friend on the phone. Instead, they do it online. “@ CAPS4 can understand the tone of the message being sent,” @ PERSON3 said. You can interpret it in different ways. When you're on the phone, it's a quick and easy way to communicate without waiting for someone to answer you. If you are a person who is always on the computer, schedule a meeting with your friend to talk in real life. Sidewalk sales, clubs, sports teams, holiday outings, these are the events that each municipality offers! Instead of sitting around dreaming about being a part of the team, get out there and do it ! Every city cares about its people and wants them to have fun. This is why cities offer these activities. "@ CAPS5 wants to make the city interesting and for everyone to know each other," says @ CAPS6 @ CAPS7 @ PERSON2. If you participate in these activities, you will meet other children your age in the city. If your city has all of these activities, it helps. Helping the city is much better than sitting in your house in front of the computer! In many ways, whether it's advancing technology or not, why be inside doing nothing but talking to people ? Go talk to them in real life. Getting in shape, talking to real life people and the activities your city has to offer is the way to go. Thanks for your concern
Dear, @ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS1 Would life affect you if you didn't have a computer ? I firmly believe that computers have a great effect on people all over the world. It helps you at work for a job and at school. Computers also help students and adults talk to people. A lot of people want to go to places but they don't know what the place looks like or where it is. With a computer, you can find all of this information. Read the minds of students and see what we have to say on this topic. With a computer, it's much easier at work or at school. Just think that without a computer people would need to write every document by hand and we all know it can take hours. When you type a paper for school, you are going to check the spelling and then you know everything is correct. If you write a document by hand, there is a good chance that some words are misspelled. Work finishes much faster on the computer, so you have more time to do other things like hanging out with friends. If you rush to a piece of paper it will be difficult for people reading it to try to understand what it says, on the computer your work will always be neat. You can email your work to a friend or save it to your computer. you have to change something for a paper, it will be faster than having to rewrite all the paper. Computers don't affect me in a horrible way because they help me do my job faster. Computers help people communicate with other people. By having a computer, people can talk to other people. In many schools, students ask their friend a question about homework. Without a computer, people would have no way to ask questions and would end up making mistakes. I like going out with my friends and in order to do that you have to make plans. When you are on the computer you can go to Facebook and if they are on talk to them about what they wanted to do that night. It's so much easier to do instead of looking for their number and calling them. Lots of people around the world have old school friends who they want to keep in touch with. Now with a computer they will have no problem doing this. You can finally search for a place you want to go. Many people in this world like to travel on the computer, you can search for maps and see the shortest way to get to the place you want to go there, you will see if there is an easy way to get there arrive and it may not be by car. I wouldn't want to go somewhere that doesn't look eye-catching. Now I can just go to the website and find out "everything I wanted to know about this place." If a place is @ NUM1 hours away I wouldn't want to travel that far so I would need to know if a place is close to where I am, the computers really tell you a lot and what the weather is usually like. I use the computer for almost everything I do. Our thoughts have shown you what we thought of the effects computers have on us today. We can make the job much easier, talking to other people and getting information about the places you want to visit. The computer is a very reliable source for me and you have lost a lot if you do not agree with me on this point.
Dear current @ CITY1, I am writing to you on the subject of people spending too much time on computers and unable to spend time with other people like family, friends and others. Plus, people get information on the computer, which is a good thing for any important papers you might have to do or glue trials to get into that collage. Another reason is that people are a bit lazy and dislike exercise and fresh air. To find out more, I'll explain what I mean in relation to family and friends. For example, let's say your friends are planning on going to their big beach party that everyone is going to. So you tell your friends to come and get you but before they come you go on the computer talk to some that you know and your friends come to your house to look for you but you are not for them they pass by you don't go to school the next day talking about yourself, you miss the party. So it's any story, it can be seen for a long time, so I'm shortening the next part which is computer information. For example Foe let's say you do on paper you . You just need more. You find a place where you are going to find good handwriting, but the computer finishing paper gets a grade that is good and happy in the end. So that's the only good end of why computers are good. For some reason, some people stayed indoors on the computer, but others went out on a good hot day. So what's your reason, myspace, facebook it's good if you talk badly to other people if all you worry about if your photos are good what matters is you have to be happy. I think I did all I could. So it is for this reason that the computer is good and bad to reach the bad because of the exercise and that it is necessary to be with friends
I believe that computers are a benefit to society. Computers help with hand-eye coordination, they make it easier to learn about different places, and allow people to talk and video chat. Computers teach hand-eye coordination when typing and eventually you get so good that you never have to look at the keyboard. you can search anything on the internet and if you want to know more about a country you can search it and find out all the new things you never knew before. Maybe you want to go on vacation to another country and you can't decide which country to go to, you can go to the computer and search the tourist attractions in those countries to decide where you want to go. If you are on vacation or live somewhere other than your home and want to see them, you can video chat with them on the computer. These are the reasons why I think computers are a benefit to our society.
Dear Editor, Have you ever had the idea of knowing something so wrong that you can't concentrate on something else? Have you ever tried to find this information and had an "ah-hah!" moment? What did you use to research this knowledge ? You've probably used a computer. All you have to do is type in your request, hit " enter " and viola ! Your screen fills up with choice of news sites. Computers help so many people with everyday matters. Our country has become smarter thanks to computers. You can converse with friends who have moved across the state, country or even the world. With every click of your mouse, there are new things to learn. You can even use the computer for your personal enjoyment. Computers have opened up so many opportunities that the world needs to exploit. When I was four, my best friends at the time moved to Florida. I was devastated. At first we tried to write letters to everyone. Then, as we got older and got busier and busier, or the connection with each other would stop. As technology and computers have advanced, my friend and I are texting, emailing, and instant messages to each other all the time. It made our long-distance friendship easier and closer. Using computers, you can communicate with friends you thought were long lost. You can also meet new people with one of the many sites available. How would you like to speak with someone all the way down to @ LOCATION2 ? Global communication has also opened up many business opportunities. As the economy is failing, computers will open up workspaces, help students study for their future careers, and hopefully help improve the lives of many. Communication is necessary for many things in order to make our world a better place for generations to come. Instead of going to a noisy arcade, why not play exciting games in the privacy of your own. Any game you can think of can probably be found at @ CAPS1. From a simple game of solitaire to an advanced level of lag, games for all ages and difficulty levels can be found. New, some people @ MONTH1 think all the kids are going to do is sit at the computer and play games. There will be people who refuse to go out, spend time with their friends, or just read outside. There will certainly be people like that. I can not help myself. What we can do is anyone who refuses to come out to do it. I know a lot of people who spend and budget their time wisely and always have a good time. We can also encourage children to use exercise programs on their computers and video games to improve their health. There are lots of games and entertainment that can help you be a better, healthier person while having fun. The computers that we have in our homes right now are equipped with so much information that if you tried to figure it all out, you would be overwhelmed. @ ORGANIZATION1, a popular search engine, gives you the power to search anything you could expect to know, from the Vice President's birthday to the price of eggs in @ LOCATION4 to the breadth of @ LOCATION1 can be found in one click of a button. this knowledge helps incredibly with homework. Most reference books are out of date and the information inaccurate, but computers are updated so frequently that you have all the facts at all times. I think our country has become much smarter thanks to computers. So whether you want to talk to your longtime friend at @ LOCATION2 or an osprey expert at @ LOCATION3, you can find your answer on the computer. While you're at it, play some exciting games and check out the best movies ever released at @ DATE1. Have fun and learn a lot!
Dear @ CAPS1 newspaper, the people at @ CAPS2 are now using computers. However, everyone is entitled to their own opinion about them. Some people don't like them, and then there are people like me who like them. Computers can let you communicate faster, you can play all kinds of games for @ CAPS3, and it provides information. Nine in ten people love what computers can do for them. Unlike sending and writing letters to people, instant messaging is a much faster and easier way to talk to another person. Sending and receiving letters can take days or weeks, however instant messaging only takes seconds! Better yet, it's @ CAPS3! Instant messaging is not the only way to communicate with your friends or family, there is also video chat. Video chatting is like talking on the phone, but you can also see who you are talking to. You can video chat with someone from another country, and guess what ? It's also @ CAPS3! When making long distance calls it can be very expensive, but video chatting won't cost you a dime out of your pocket! Not only is a computer good for communication, but you can also play fun and entertaining games ! Everyone loves to play games, whether you're one or eighty-two. There are @ CAPS2 sites on the Internet and among them there are gaming sites. Most gaming sites have virtual games that you can play online for @ CAPS3 ! There is one player, two players and a party. This means that you can play alone, with a friend or the whole family. Everyone's in it and have fun. In addition, computers can be used for fun and for work. The @ CAPS2 information. It's like your own personal library at home at the touch of a finger ! Whether you are researching a project, or just want to stay informed, the internet can help you on any topic. All you have to do is research the topic you need, whether it's cooking a certain dish, learning the space, trying to spell a word, or whatever else you want. can think of it, and it will all be there for you, and again, for @ CAPS3! In conclusion, computers are useful for @ CAPS2 things and these are just a few examples. Hope you think of computers like me and millions of other people. As you can see, computers have improved the lives of human beings @ CAPS2.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, I Computers is a new technology that keeps getting better. It can do a lot of things like help you learn something new and see new / old friends. Even some people are doing online education. Also, what a lot of people love about computers is games. Computers are of great benefit to us and can be useful and fun. The computer can teach us a lot of new and exciting things. There can also be a lot to learn. The things you can learn on the computer are places, people, animals, plants, food, etc. I once had to find a recipe for carmel apples and to do so I used the computer. Some people use the computer for their education. There are colleges and high schools online. It's like a new way of being homeschooled. Not everyone can go to wholesale @ CAPS1 so it is easier for them to use an online college. Also, let's say you are doing a project and you need some information instead of rushing to the library you can use the computer and find it. There are a lot of other things you can do on the computer like visit friends. I have friends, everyone has friends, either new friends or old friends. Back in the day, before computers, if you wanted to talk to your friend, you should have sent a letter. With the computer, you can now send a letter faster than before. Its now called an email. That you just type what you want and click ... send it to your friend. Not all use email, some use instant messaging. An example of this would be objective or meebo. I moved from @ LOCATION1 to hear and have friends that I don't see much. I bet there are a lot of people who have the same problem. Well with the computer you can now see people! chat and see them. For example @ ORGANIZATION2 is a way to see your friends like this. It's an easy and fun way to stay in touch with your friends and even family. There is more than a computer can do. Another thing he can do is play video games. They are so much fun to play and what I'm talking about are video games. Kids, even teens and adults love it. Whenever you are bored, you can play online games. Or you can have games that you have purchased and play them. They are entertaining and fun too! Even very small children can play games. Sometimes you can even play with your friends online with an online game. I know when I'm bored I go to the computer and play a game called @ CAPS2 @ NUM1. Computers are great and there is a lot more you can do besides what I was talking about. I hope I have convinced you or shown you how advantageous computers are for us people.
According to @ PERSON1, economy @ CAPS1, every hour you spend on the computer, you increase your electricity bill by @ MONEY2. The average @ CAPS2 spends @ NUM1 hours on the computer every day. I think spending too much time on the computer can be a bad thing. You have an economic loss from the electric bill, loss of health because you won't be able to exercise as much and less community because you won't be spending as much with your community. Financial loss is something that a lot of people worry about. If everyone spent @ NUM2 less hours on the computer, they could save @ MONEY1 on their electricity bill. In a poll, @ NUM3 on @ MONEY1 @ NUM4 people said they would do anything to save money. So if they spent less time on the computer they would save a lot of money @ MONEY1. In addition to the financial losses, there is also a health problem. A lot of people talk about how Americans get obese. Part @ MONEY1, this is due to spending too much time on the computer. Professor @ CAPS3 @ MONEY1 @ ORGANIZATION1 states that "Obesity in @ LOCATION1 is a problem, if people spent less time on the computer and more time exercising, this problem would be solved." @ CAPS4, @ NUM5 out @ MONEY1 @ NUM6 people are obese. If everyone spent @ NUM2 less hours on the computer, it would become @ NUM1 on @ MONEY1 @ NUM6. Although health is an issue, the community is a bigger one. People no longer talk to each other face to face. They all speak on @ CAPS5 or @ CAPS6. Communities spend less time together in real life than on the computer. @ PERSON1, expert in human behavior, says when people spend less time on the computer, they spend more time together. It's a fact that when people spend more time together, they have more fun. So I would say spending less time on the computer would be good for our community. It would offer financial, health and community benefits. These are all important things that we miss if we spend too much time on the computer.
I don't believe computers benefit society. Many people spend their lives on their computers instead of exercising, hanging out with friends, or spending time with family. @ NUM1 ? On @ CAPS1 will agree that they spend at least @ NUM2 hours a day on their computer. Which is unnecessary. Why is there so much obesity in the world these days? Due to a lack of @ CAPS3. And who's ass # @ NUM3? Computing of course. In order for more people to stay healthy, there must be a lot of @ CAPS3. When someone can sit all day clicking a mouse or typing keys, how many @ CAPS3 are they really getting ? In addition, there are many different disorders in the world. @ PERCENT1 inf will agree that with more than @ CAPS3, these sometimes painful disorders could be avoided. Too many people choose their computer over exercise and these are the many health issues that could have been easily avoided. Second, everyone would agree that friends are essential in life. But now people are talking to their friends online or in computer games instead of going to see them. Online, there are many more who often break friendships. Plus, you get new people online or make so many new friends. @ CAPS2 you are going to have a lot more friends which makes life in general much better. Finally, you wouldn't want families to become, would you? Well, this is one of the many effects that @ CAPS2 family members get that could weaken them as a family. In addition, husbands and wives could not speak very often, often leading to separation or divorce. This could lead a child to choose between a whole family and @ CAPS3, friends and family are essential in life, and computers put them at risk. So take a stand and end this reign for good, stop using computers before it's too late.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 I have learned that some experts say that people spend too much time on computers when they could exercise or with their friends and family. For my part, I think the opposite. Computers are a great way to learn and communicate with others, here's why : @ CAPS3, I would like to say how much computers help us in school. Most students use them every day. We can study for tests by searching for websites with a lot of information, and we can also search for topics that we don't understand. For example, if you want to know how planets are formed, you can just type it into a search engine and a list of websites will appear. Another way we use computers in school is when we have to do projects. We can use different tools to set up a slideshow while searching for information on the internet. Finally, the Internet is also a way for teachers to communicate with their students. If the teacher creates a blog, students can still see what the class is doing, what the homework is, and find interesting links that will help them better understand certain topics. Another point I would like to mention is that experts say that computers rob us of time with family and friends when the truth is the opposite, computers take communication to a whole new level. For example, if you want to chat with an old friend, you can connect directly to msn or aim and find out what's new in their life. A second way to connect with a friend is through @ ORGANIZATION1, a simple and inexpensive way to contact friends outside of the country. Then you can go a little more old-fashioned and just write an email. It will take longer to get a response, but it's always worth the wait until the end. Finally, for parents whose children live far away, video chat is also a good way to communicate because you will also be able to see them and hear their voices. Finally, I would like to tell you about everything we can learn using a computer. You can just go to a search engine and search for any topic in the world and you're bound to find hundreds of results. It doesn't matter what your interests are, because you will always find good information. The Internet also allows you to keep up to date with the latest news such as the weather. Then there are websites that let you ask questions and get answers just as quickly. You might need to check your sources to make sure they're reliable, but I think it's worth it. Finally, if you are getting ready to go on a trip, you can check the flight information with one click. Or maybe you need to know what the weather will be like, there are many websites out there for that. There are also websites that can help you find out more about where you will be staying. Next time think twice about what you hear on computers because they really aren't that bad for you. Sometimes it's better @ MONTH1 to go out and play, but computers help you learn and communicate with others, which is just as important.
Dear local newspaper, I also agree that computers have a positive effect on people. I agree with this because the computer can teach people things. People can also talk to each other and believe / create whatever they want. The computer has a positive effect on people because I think the computer can teach people a lot. The computer can make things visual for children and outdoors. I know when I was younger I used to play math and science games on the computer to help me study for the tests. The computer also helps adults and their work. I don't know what half of the adults in the world would do without computers. If you think of all the jobs that are happening today, also @ CAPS1 from the computer. Such as email. What would some companies do? without e-mail? adults also like to visit websites to learn and learn about sport. we can all learn so much from the computer and there are so many people who @ CAPS1 their computer work. we all learn something everyday and with the computer we can make it nice. In addition, the computer benefits online chats via email and now even with a camera you can talk face to face with people all over the world. I know email helps so many people who live remote and email doesn't take long at all. I know that thanks to the camera and the microphones built into the computer, we have helped because now I can talk to all of my friends and family and see them, I can hear them without traveling with just the click of a button. There are now websites that @ CAPS1 allow contacting @ NUM1 people online and by camera or microphone. Things like this help some people so much. Think about all those people who have relationships and so on, @ CAPS1 from computers really helps. Finally, all the people who @ CAPS1 their imaginations from computers, all those people who put these thoughts and feelings into the computer. I know lots of people who type their feelings because they would never dare say it out loud. Now imagine if computers disappeared? This is what I think about what people say about things like computers do not. Everything is useful and everything has at least some kind of positive effect coming out of it. So @ CAPS2 in my opinion, computers have a positive effect on the world.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, do you think computers are good to use ? More and more people are using the computer, but not everyone agrees that it benefits society, I disagree. My first reason is that computers are not secure. My second reason is that the computer could give you a lot of trouble. My reason @ CAPS3 is you never know what might happen on the computer. Read on and see why I disagree. First @ CAPS4 will tell you why I disagree. The reason I disagree is that computers are not safe because someone could trace where you live, so what? Second, computers could put you in a lot of trouble, like posting things online or saying nasty things to people. The next few computers are bad because if you and someone like you say I don't like you they might post mean and hurtful stuff and then if your friend sees it you will probably be angry. Finally - in conclusion, these are all my reasons why I think computers are not good. You never know what might happen on a computer, there is a website and some might trigger a virus on your computer. Also, I think computers are no good because computers lead nowhere, so keep your kid away from computers. Also be careful that chu @ CAPS2.
I entered my living room. I saw my brother on the computer talking to his friends on Facebook. I told myself he was always on the computer, never for any school reason. People always say we don't need computers. Personally, I agree with the statement. In the city @ ORGANIZATION1 everyone mainly has computers. Without a computer to search for content, you have to go to the library and visit a bank. Just the other @ DATE1, my friend @ PERSON1 went to the library and looked at a book on culter @ CAPS1. He loved this book, he read it @ DATE1 in and @ DATE1 out, he read it for a book report on different culters. When he handed it to the teacher on @ DATE1, when he reached the classroom, the teacher looked @ CAPS2 happy when she returned his test, he had an @ NUM1. He didn't use the Internet, your computers aren't mobile like a book. If you wanted to learn more about something while traveling in your car, you can't plug your computer in and use it like a book. Plus, books are generally more fun to read. Not having a computer can lead to a lot more things like exercise. While my brother is inside @ DATE1 my friends and I are outside playing soccer, basketball, baseball, soccer, kirkball and dogeball. We are very thin because @ CAPS3 what we do almost every @ DATE1. Unlike my brother where he is obedient because @ CAPS3 all he did was before he got the computer he was as thin as us. It is also unhealthy to be on the computer all @ DATE1 as it can lead to staying up to date at night, cannot make the bus miss and also lead to bad grades. Where when we are done with it we win we put a little TV. then go to sleep to get our energy back, we usually have at least @ NUM2 hours. of sleep ever @ DATE1 which allows us to go to school. We also make the right choices in foods to eat for more energy, such as fruits and vegetables. My brother was eating all the junk food that contributed to obesity. Not having a computer can help you spend more time with your family. When we go out to eat, my brother is always in a hurry to get back to the computer and won't let us enjoy our food. He is usually @ CAPS2 in a hurry, he chooses the @ CAPS2 of others, they would have finished faster, when everyone wants to enjoy the food. When we want to go to the movies, my brother stays at home on the computer. Even if we buy a movie and watch it at home, it won't do it with us, it's on the computer. It really drives my mom, dad, siblings to do nothing but play on the computer. Even when the whole family goes out to play a sport, he won't come and play. It's like he's no longer part of the family. It's like he forgot that we were even @ CAPS3 which is why I think the calculations should be in the state of @ LOCATION1. If that can lead to bad grades. @ CAPS2 if you want your kids to be healthier, get better grades and spend more time with your family then ethier sell your computer or it happens all over the world.
Dear Editor-in-Chief, Computers have been a great advance in technology, but some people believe the opposite. It's a good thing some people say it, but others think it's a health hazard. I think it's a great thing to have. I have found @ NUM1 reasons to support my opinion. Computers help you stay in touch with distant friends and / or family, they help you with your research, and even allow you to shop. First, if you have relatives or friends who live far away, computers have websites like aol or facebook and myspace that you can use to keep in touch with them. Most of them are free to create an account so you don't have to worry about monthly bills for them. So it's much better than driving and paying for gas to visit. Computers even have webcams for video chat. With video chat you can see each other and talk at the same time, it's amazing. Second, you can search the web. If you have a project and need more information than the books give you, just use google or ask.com. You can easily find the details and information you need. All of this only takes a few minutes, which is much better than reading for an hour or once. Finally, if you really want or need something, just shop online. For example, if you are a really cool toy that you want to buy for your daughter or son, but it is not for sale in stores, buy it on the Internet. They even ship your item quickly. I like to shop on the internet. When I really wanted a bike, I saw my mom buy it for my birthday. In conclusion, computers are very practical. If you need information, talk to someone or buy something, this is what you need. I use computers a lot. I think they are very good to have.
Some of you @ MONTH1 agree that computers don't keep you in shape or that we spend too much time on them, but they can help you stay in touch with friends and family, meet new people, and record. informations. Without these important technological devices, we wouldn't be able to do these things. Most families live all over the country @ MONTH1 or even in another country, and you don't see them very often because of the travel prices, but with the computer they can help us keep in touch with them very easily and faster than you can say "@ LOCATION1." @ CAPS1 more people create a website that makes it easy for us to follow our distant family. Facebook, @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3, @ CAPS4 of fish and net singles are all sites where you can find friends or whatever is right for you. This gives you a chance to meet people @ CAPS1 with the same interest as you. Half of my mom's boyfriends were from these sites. Without these sites, there could be fewer divorces and more happy ending fairy tales. @ NUM1 people on @ NUM2 are training at home. It's okay and you can get things done. Lots of people have important papers and information and it could be lost in the blink of an eye. With technology like this, they save money with the click of a mouse. More and more businesses are being owned in their homes because of this easygoing technology. Exercise @ MONTH1 is always important, with the push of a button I could talk to my aunt, find the right one for me and save my life. New technologies like computers can change the world and help @ MONTH1 faster.
Dear Local Newspaper, @ CAPS1's opinion of the computer is that it can be bad for the citizens of @ LOCATION2 through @ LOCATION1. I think some people don't exercise enough and also think that you can get lazy on the computer is bad too. @ CAPS1 Three reasons for @ CAPS1's opinion is @ NUM1. People don't exercise enough, @ NUM2. People get lazy and change while being on the computer for an infinite amount of time, @ NUM3. They will become addicted to the computer. The first reason is that people don't exercise enough. I choose this reason because people I know gain a lot of weight and it's kinda sad because they just sit on the computer and eat. Another detail, the computer screwed up your eyes by fixing this type of screen. I once did this and @ CAPS1's eyes felt weird after stepping on the computer. The third detail was that people become very fragile and weak. I chose this detail because if you get up from the computer and exercise, your bones will weaken. The second reason is that people will get lazy and change, for example people will keep asking you to get stuff and do stuff for them and you would because you are a good friend. The second detail is that the person will change, the person will be lazy to go to fun events with you as a friend. The next thing you won't have is a friend. The third detail is that it's like your best friend has replaced you for a computer that hurts if someone you have known for a long time has replaced you for a computer, it's something that will get you down and make you want to you also kill me anyway. The third reason is that the person will become addicted to the computer for example you want to celebrate a birthday and the person says "first I have to beat this level". @ CAPS2 the person who says they are not going to leave the computer. Another detail is that his day will pass quickly and it is like days of life and people who have died will do anything to get their life and waist is not good. The third detail is that you will start to hate the person because they don't care about anything other than the computer. These were the reasons for @ CAPS1's opinion on the IT fact in the newspaper I read.
Dear local newspaper, Spending too much time on the computer is never a good thing. Whether you do work or do things for fun. I firmly believe this, because being on the computer for too long will mean you will spend less time exercising, interacting with real relatives and friends rather than on the internet, and being on the computer for too long can be ruining. your vision. Nowadays, with all the great advancements in technology, people are still glued to computer screens. Let's face it, once you go to the computer it can get pretty addicting with all the fabulous things you can do and when we get addicted we just don't feel like doing other things like hanging out. 'exercise. Studies show that @ PERCENT1 of children who use their computer for more than @ NUM1 hours per day are obese. The cause of this problem is obvious and it is children who are addicted to computers. Since they're so addicted to computers, they don't want to go to the gym or anything. Another example is that at school, children have the choice of which elective courses they wish to take. Many children prefer to choose computer programming over physical education. It also cuts down on their exercise time. Computers are wonderful things, but when they start to affect your health and fitness, they are enemies. Interacting with others on the computer can be viewed as positive, but it isn't as it affects the way you interact in real life. For example, some people develop the habit of interacting only through the computer, which makes them antisocial in real life. Plus, some kids may be the nicest people to interact with through the computer, but when you use them in real life, they're the quietest people in the world. This happens because they are more comfortable interacting through the computer. In addition, they lost their ability to interact in real life. Interacting through the computer is great if you have family and friends in other countries, but you shouldn't do it to the point that you become uncomfortable interacting in real life. Your eyes are one of the most important parts of your body besides the vital parts. Most people don't know it, but being on the computer for too long puts a strain on your eyes, which is bad. This strain only leads to nasty things. For example, if you are addicted to computers, there is a good chance that you will have glasses someday in your life. A recent survey was conducted and more than @ PERCENT2 of people who use their computers for more than @ NUM2 hours per day have glasses. Another example is that over time the voltage builds up to the point where, even with glasses, you can barely see. Imagine a world where your vision is so bad that it is as if your eyes are almost closed, this is what happens to people who use their computers for too long. Local newspaper, you @ MONTH1 think computers are one of the greatest inventions of all time, you're right, but you shouldn't use too much.
Over time, our society becomes more and more advanced with more and more unnecessary technologies, such as television. What I really want to write is the computer. Society today has developed a very unhealthy habit, and it still uses the computer. Everyone in the 21st century uses a computer. The world has grown so used to having the computer around, that if all the computers in the world were to "break" then most people probably wouldn't know how @ CAPS2. As the basic theory of. That is, the world was "@ CAPS1" to end in the year 2000 because everyone thought the world was going to end. Only because the computer was going to crash and lose all the data we saved. Humanity relies too much on the computer. Since many people rely on the computer for @ CAPS2, many people "forget" to exercise ! Our bodies need exercise to live. Exercise is one of the most important activities in our daily life. When you're not exercising and just eating junk food and drinking today, you better bet on your mother's grave that you're either going to get diabetes, fly, burns. stomach or any other illness or disability. You are what you eat, that's what I'm saying. Life has enough distractions already, why add another distraction? The whole computer is a distraction to keep you and everyone else healthy. The computer started out as an "innocent" invention. Nowadays, people literally revere the computer as if it were an @ CAPS3. People who use the computer all day, every day, end up getting very lazy because all they want to do is sit down and use the computer. In my opinion, everyone should participate in physical activity. Whether it's basketball, soccer, baseball, track and field, tennis or my favorite activity, skateboarding. Everyone should be physically active at least three times a week for many reasons, the point is that if you exercise at least three times a week, your body will function better, you will look better and you will look better. you will feel better. exercise can be fun, as long as you make it fun. Hope this essay really got you thinking about how you want to live. Exercise should be part of your daily routine, now sitting on your butt all day looking for unnecessary "youtube" videos. How you want to live your life is up to you. And I hope @ CAPS3 that you start to live it healthier.
Over a million people on the computer daily. I think being on the computer is unhealthy. So many people abuse themselves by staying too long. You need to manage a schedule so that you can always exercise, don't use the computer when necessary. People get overweight too. I think people should be doing something other than using the computer. One of the main effects observed is that many people play the computer for too long and become overweight. It can be stopped if we all unite. One person will not change anything. But many of us will. We can be the huge dangerous predators in pursuit of the prey. If there is anything else to do besides playing on the computer, do it. If you know your overweight from the computer. You!! Can make a change. If you keep doing other activities, you can easily get skinny again. You just made this type of change. A serious problem is that people don't want to take the time to make a quick little table to manage computer usage. If we do a graph, we will know when to go down and when to play. This is important because some people digest information better when they have it in front of them. This could give satisfactory results. People use the computer for school work. It's good depending on the time it takes. In my opinion, people shouldn't be on the computer or more than @ NUM1 hours to @ NUM2 hours per day. I think people should do their homework and get off. I much prefer to see children playing outside. Nature and wildlife are much more important. Effects on the computer may vary. If it's not overweight, not spending time with families, doing homework. You have to use your time wisely.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, I think a lot of people spend too much time on computers. It is normal to be on a computer for twenty minutes, to half an hour. But an hour or more is too long. People might get carried away by playing addicting games. Also through online chat services like Facebook, MySpace, instant messaging, etc. Another way I think someone could spend more time on a computer is working on a report. They could start the lost minute. These are just the many ways someone can get sucked into their computer. Have you ever jumped on the computer and played a game ? Then you look at the time and it's an hour later? The games are very addicting. you can play a game for hours without noticing the time that has passed. The games are a lot of fun, but they will burn your brain. @ PERCENT1 of the human population spends up to two hours on average on a computer each day. I think we should take some games off the internet, so people can spend days exercising and hanging out with friends, without playing silly games. Have you ever started a conversation with someone and realized you've been talking for an hour and a half? And that you have homework? @ PERCENT3 of teens spend an average of three hours a day chatting with friends on the Internet. Facebook, myspace, instant messaging are some examples. It's fine for someone to talk to their friends, but you need to watch the time so you don't get carried away. I think we should reduce the use of these websites, so that kids and teens can do their homework. Have you ever received a report and waited until the last minute to launch it ? Lots of teenagers do. They wait and start their reports the day before their due date. They are then stuck on the Internet for hours trying to do so. Which makes their grade lower than if they had to start earlier. @ PERCENT2 of students wait until the last minute to report, on average they spend more than four hours on the computer. I think we should make sure that the students start their report earlier so that it can increase their marks. In conclusion, I think people have spent far too much time using computers, because of games, internet chats, and last minute reports. I think if we eliminate internet gaming, reduce the use of internet chats, and start intercourse earlier, people will start to exercise, hang out with friends and family, do homework, and to get higher marks.
Do you think that being able to research information about anything or talk to people who are not there is good? With a computer, these are things you can do. It's nice to be able to talk to someone who is far away. Some people have relatives in other countries that they haven't seen for a long time and with a computer you can talk to them. @ CAPS1 the people we sent to @ ORGANIZATION1 have families here and I've heard they use computers to talk to them because they miss them. Also, if you live in an area with bad weather and you can't go anywhere, a computer can help pass the time, @ CAPS1 people who live in @ CAPS2 can get a lot of snow during the season. winter and @ MONTH1 must remain indoors. So if they have a computer they can do things @ CAPS1 play games or watch videos to pass the time. Another thing that a computer is good for is that you are able to search for anything. You can learn about faraway places even if you've never been there just by researching it. Some kids have trouble with some homework but can use a computer to find out more about it and hope they now understand how the work is supposed to be done instead of going to the teacher tomorrow and telling them that you haven't. There are my opinions on why computers have a positive effect on people. By being able to look up anything, help the kids with their homework, and pass the time if you have nothing to do.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS1 minute of the day - millions of computer users around the world are jumping on their laptops or desktops, but is it always a good thing ? The question has been asked whether people who spend a lot of time on computers are a bad thing. Computers are a bad thing because people spend too much time on them and waste time with friends and family. The dangers of online interactions and the risk of having your information stolen. Countless people around the world are facing these issues every day and the use of the computer is expected to be reduced. Whether teens, children or adults are playing, on websites or writing essays, people around the world are spending far too much time on their computers. For example, on @ PERCENT1 of people with computers with online access, @ PERCENT2 of them devote @ NUM1 hours per day to it. This represents approximately @ NUM2 billion hours of computer use worldwide. Children and adults alike have wasted time face to face or interacting with other human beings face to face. Before computers, children played outside, running and playing. Whereas today, less than @ PERCENT3 of all children spend at least an hour outdoors. Computers are not a bad thing, but it is when they are used too much that they become harmful to the health of children. These facts have not only helped, but they are almost the cause of obesity in the world. The use of the computer must be reduced to its size if we are to solve these problems. The addition of online chat to computers not only increased computer usage, but doubled it. The invention of @ CAPS2 and instant messaging was never meant to be a bad thing, but it certainly has become. Online chat allows people to send hateful and vulgar messages to their enemies without showing their faces. In some cases, teens have been so harassed online that they have committed suicide. Another bad thing about @ CAPS2 or @ CAPS3 is that dangerous criminals can hide behind their computers and lure children or teenagers to a hangout where they can be kidnapped. @ NUM3 on @ NUM4 online chat users were lured by a criminal to a "hangout" and were kidnapped and never seen against last year. Most of these victims do not return or are found. Although the invention of the online chat was intended as quick and easy communication, it has turned into a horror crime in most cases. Millions if not billions of dollars have been stolen by hackers. These hackers break security codes and buy things online with other people's money. Four in five people admit to having multiple sites with personal information and @ NUM5 out of those four people have had at least one account hacked. This problem continues to grow and hackers prey on weak sites. If this problem continues to grow, the whole world will be bankrupt. These hackers know who you are, your family, your personal information and where you live. Internet use should be reduced at sites. If we don't, usage will increase, there will be no chat issues, and people's money will be stolen.
Dear editor, @ CAPS1 are you doing all day? The answer to that would probably be to sit at @ ORGANIZATION1 at a computer all day. My friends say it's very unhealthy, research has proven it, and my mom has had experience with computers. It is just not healthy for our environment and our people. @ PERCENT1 @ ORGANIZATION1 my friends say computers are a waste of time @ ORGANIZATION1. Most people who interact on the computer all day do not have a stable diet or even good physical exercise. They say all the waste that children and adults accumulate in their daily lives is unhealthy and will never go away unless they get up. They also say that without exercise our country will be filled with overweight people. Dr @ ORGANIZATION1 has done extensive research and proven that computers are bad for you. @ PERSON1 has been all over the country talking to people, and he specifically points out that more people should go out and enjoy nature, but not sitting in front of @ ORGANIZATION1 a computer that is not good for them. He taught people that @ PERCENT2 @ ORGANIZATION1 time if you go out and look fresh your life will be so much better. My mom had experience with computers and assured me that when she was younger you couldn't just sit there and not go out. She says it's important to interact with your family and friends in order to maintain a stable relationship. Talking to your family will keep them intact with @ CAPS1 going on in your life and spending time with your friends will help you have more of @ ORGANIZATION1 a life without your household. She says any kid sitting in front of @ ORGANIZATION1 a computer all day long should be disappointed @ ORGANIZATION1 themselves. Editor-in-Chief, you've done an amazing job since taking the job ! So, I think if you insist in your next journal that you don't have computers all the time, you should always exercise as my friends say, research taught to enjoy your nature and my life. mother says to interact with your family and friends. I am sure your next article will be a wonderful fact telling folks dream.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, computers. The subject of so much debate over the years, from lawyers against judges to parents against children. Could this be a good thing ? Are computers the cause of increased clumsiness in today's society. It's certainly not too good to have your whole life documented in one place that anyone can go to. And then there is the content of what you visualize. I can't wait to get to this paragraph. One of the hottest @ NUM1 topics in the world, are people really less interested in exercising than they were in @ NUM2's ? studies show that in @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4, @ NUM3 out of @ NUM1 people were overweight. This number is passed to @ NUM5 on @ NUM1, at @ DATE1. Incredible! And some of those people might be safer inside. If you have played a video game where the player can lose health, you will know what happens when the bar is depleted. You restart. After playing @ CAPS5 @ CAPS6 @ CAPS7 @ CAPS8 @ CAPS9, @ CAPS10 @ CAPS11 @ MONTH1 want to try this gravity defying stunt that turns heads. And let me tell you there is no reboot after that. Did you know that @ ORGANIZATION1 logs everything you do online ? If, for example, you are an aspiring guitarist and are looking for a new Gibson, you will start to receive all these commercials for the online stores, @ CAPS12 ? Because @ ORGANIZATION1 sells your information to businesses. And you give them permission by clicking on the Continue with installation button. So spam is coming. But something even worse is on the way. Your bank account number. It's true, I went there. If a virus gets into your computers, your many could disappear. So be responsible. This brings us to our last topic. The delicate. In the past, you had to buy a magazine or a book to witness the exploitation of young women. Now it's just a click of a button. And that's bad enough. Young boys are caught up early, their future controlled by this disease. But add to that the immense risk of a virus attack, and you're in a lot of trouble. So I'm not saying computers are terrible, just that they could be a good thing. Sometimes they can be a great stress reliever, going after an unlucky stranger. Just use the technology at your disposal responsibly.
Dear Diary, I totally agree that computers have had a very positive effect on people. As more and more people use computers, technology improves and people can access a lot more things. Computers are good because they are convenient and entertain. Have you ever wanted to know what is the capital of @ LOCATION3 or what the weather is like in @ LOCATION2 ? To find these answers, just search for them on the computer! The computer is so convenient that whenever you have a question about anything, you can use the computer! Take my courteous cousin, for example, every day his teacher assigns definitions for homework. So she just looks for definitions on the computer instead of taking the time to find them in the dictionary. However, @ PERSON4 isn't the only person who thinks computers are handy. In the survey, @ PERCENT1 of people voted that when they have a question about something, the computer is the most convenient item to use. Professor @ PERSON2, from @ ORGANIZATION2 says : "@ CAPS1, as more and more people learn to use the computer, it becomes more convenient for everyone." In conclusion, a lot of people rely on computers for information, and you wouldn't want to take that away from them, would you ? It's a @ DATE1 @ TIME1, and you're bored, what do you do ? How about going on the computer! The computer is a great source of entertainment. Whether listening to music, playing games or chatting with friends, you will always have fun on the computer. For example, my neighbor, @ PERSON3, comes home alone after school. She is usually extremely bored, so she goes on the computer, plays games, and talks with friends. @ PERSON3 can also talk to his cousins, @ PERSON5 and @ PERSON6, who live at @ LOCATION1. But, @ PERSON3 isn't the only one talking to loved ones on the Internet. In the survey, @ PERCENT2 of people agreed that they were talking to parents in other places on the computer. Dr @ PERSON1, of @ ORGANIZATION1 says: "The computer is the primary source of entertainment for most teens and adults." @ CAPS2, you wouldn't want to deprive us of our main source of entertainment, would you ? After school, many teens and adults flock to computers for all kinds of reasons. But, in conclusion, computers have positively impacted everyone with their incredible convenience and great sources of entertainment.
To whom @ CAPS5 @ MONTH1, @ CAPS1 the joy of just clicking a mouse and suddenly you're talking with a friend you haven't seen in years. Computers make it a reality for us, but that's not the only benefit they offer. Computers help society by providing us with search engines and educational resources that allow us to easily connect with friends and family, help us communicate matters and plan things, and much more. First, computers have become an essential part of education and research. Students in schools, from elementary to middle school, can connect with much more information than without a computer. You can even get a college degree on the computer! That's right, online universities are starting to form. This is ideal for moms who want to graduate but need to stay home with their kids. In addition, computer technology has been applied to scientific and hospital research. New discoveries have advanced with the help of computers that will actually help people's lives! Computers are used to find a cure for cancer disasters such as earthquakes, and even help see a disease a person has even before their symptoms start to manifest ! Computers have helped save and benefit lives in ways people could never have imagined sixty years ago. Second, computers allow people to connect and reconnect with other people around @ CAPS2. I recently had a facebook account, and within days I had found and at three of my friends who had moved a distant cousin who had moved to @ LOCATION1 that I haven't seen since we were little and even my great grandmother ! The possibilities are limitless. Email has also been very beneficial to the company as @ CAPS5 helps people communicate and plan events which brings me to my next topic. Finally, computers help @ CAPS2 to communicate with each other. The Internet is full of websites designed for the benefit of our @ CAPS2, one being @ ORGANIZATION2 ; @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4. Without computers, this program would not have been as successful and beneficial as @ CAPS5 has become. Also, is an amazing website that combines education with the look of @ CAPS2 @ CAPS5 quiz you on different levels of general knowledge and for every correct answer @ ORGANIZATION1 donates @ NUM1 grains from @ ORGANIZATION1. When I'm bored I sometimes keep going, so I've filled over thirty bowls of @ ORGANIZATION1, while learning at the same time! In conclusion, computers have proven to be beneficial for @ CAPS2 and everyone in @ CAPS5, not only for people but also for the environment. Computers help advance research, help people reconnect, and help @ CAPS2 communicate. Who knows that computers will help us accomplish this then ?
Dear, @ CAPS1 I would like to tell you something. Through the ages we have evolved from cavemen discovering fire to discovering flight. With evolution we have discovered technology and in recent years we have rapidly developed new technologies. Some say some technology like computers is bad, I think computers are good because they give you the ability to learn from distant places. allows you to talk to people online and teach hand-eye coordination. Computers allow you to go to places that you wouldn't normally be able to go. If you were doing a research project on @ LOCATION1 and you didn't have any books, what would you use ? That's right, a computer on the Internet would have the facts you need, so you might write it down. While you are on the Internet, you can talk to your friends and family who @ MONTHS1 live outdoors. The computer travels long distances and connects the two computers so that you can bend the writing almost instantly. Without computers, you wouldn't be able to get in touch with these people. The use of computers is good for the body as well as for the mind. It helps you with your hand-eye coordination. When you see things on the screen and you're going to piss them off, you're actually helping your body. Some people say that when you are on the computer you are not interacting with your friends and family, but they are wrong. I myself spoke with my sister in a different room while using the computer, so the computer also allows you to interact with your friends and family ! I love computers, don't I?
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, yes, I think too many people are "addicted" to computers and spend more than enough time on the computer every day ! Not only teenagers, but children and young people have fallen into the trap of the computer. As I grew up in my youth I hated the computer, all I wanted was to go out and play. As I got older, I used the computer more often than before. I now think the computer takes time away from family time to sit down to read a good book and hang out with friends. Instead of all of these fun interaction activities, people decide to go to facebook, myspace, twitter, youtube, addicting games and whatever they could find. I don't agree with being fucked by the computer like the chese is. No! If there was our thing in the world that would keep parents and kids together, it's not the computer. Computers distract children and teens from doing other things in life, nor do they allow families to be families. Before computers were made, everyone was bad for their families. Coming home from school saying "@ CAPS3 dad, come home from school. What are you gonna play see catch" ? Instead, the kids come home from school to see if @ CAPS4 has replied to your Facebook post. Computers have also cut the interaction time that families always need to have. @ DATE1 @ TIME1 Instead of talking to @ CAPS5 myspace, why not grab and play a family board game ! Or go to a restaurant, talk about your next vacation and what would interest you to go play on the same field, or your local baseball field and play kickball, instead of just sitting there mesmerized by the screen. computer ! Okay I @ MONTH1 understand that some people just @ MONTH1 don't like going out and playing or exercising and it's totally understandable that still isn't an excuse to sit in front computer and read a book. Reading is however fun but it is also, without being at school! While you read your brain to inner works, you or your so can show your friends and family words like you. It is shown that @ PERCENT1 strints that read. Not the @ PERCENT2 who sits at the computer all day writing a response.
Dear @ CAPS1 sun, I find computers to be very useful. They help people in several ways. They allow people to learn what's going on in the world, teach hand-eye coordination, and allow you to meet people online. First, people can find out what is going on in the world. I can find out what's going on where I live by looking at your journal. Other people can find out where they might go. They can find out what the weather is like so they know how to play the puck when they are moving. Also, if any of your employees are going to camp, they can look for a good place to camp and they can research what kind of dangers there are when you are camping so that they can avoid them because if they fall sick, he cannot work. As you can see, computers are important. Next, computers teach hand-eye coordination. Many jobs require you to be able to work well with your hands. Let's say one of your printers breaks down, so you call someone to fix it. They must be able to work well with their hands to fix it. Now let's say your lights' wiring is messed up. So to call an electrician, you have to be good with your hands to be able to work with small wires. Both of these people are good with their hands and they could become so by using computers. As you can see, computers are important in life today. Finally, computers allow you to meet new people online. Let's say you're on your own after a hard day writing newspapers. You can go online and meet new people in chat rooms and online games. Now let's say that one of your employees just broke up with his girlfriend and he's sad and lonely so she isn't doing as well. He could go to an online dating site and meet the perfect girl. Now when he comes to work he is happier and does more papers and if he does more papers you earn more money. As you can see, computers are very important. In conclusion, computers are wonderful machines. They can allow people to learn what's going on in the world, teach people good hand-eye coordination, and allow people to meet new people online.
Dear local newspaper, I have heard about your problems with computers and would like to express my opinion. I think computers teach you more than they turn you off. For example, say you have a research project and you need to research someone, you go to the computer and you got it. Suppose also you want to go far away for the holidays ; like @ LOCATION1. You can go on the internet and find out how they live there. My last reason is that now you can be on the computer and still interact with your family and friends. First of all, I mentioned the first one because a few weeks ago I had a social science research project. But if I couldn't use a computer, I should have used a book ; instead of going to the computer and just searching for it. Another example might be like you need images to enhance the look of the project. You can therefore go to google and find an image to accompany your project. But that's not all, the Internet can help. For example, you have planned a trip to @ LOCATION1 for your honeymoon but have never been there or know nothing about it, but your honeymoon is in a month. You can go to the computer and learn more about it. Plus, they now have online classes and you can learn their language before you go. But to conclude, I have more examples. Finally, while chatting, some people think that because you are on the computer all day, you cannot interact with others, but you can. for example, like they have a website called @ ORGANIZATION1. You can chat with all your friends at once. Plus, they have video chat so you can look directly at the person while you talk, that's all I can think of. Hope my letter and probably many others show you on computers actually do.
Dear local newspaper, I think computers have a positive effect on people as it helps their education, you can talk to your family and friends, and you can achieve better hand-eye coordination. Read on to find interesting details about computers and their positive effects. @ CAPS4 The number one reason computers are positive is that they can help you with your studies. I mean, come on, how many students do you see without a laptop ? You don't see any. Am I right? You still need a computer because you have to type everything and research big essays. People think, “are we going, is there still the library ? » @ CAPS1 you are wrong. The local library @ CAPS4 closes at @ TIME1 pm. I'm sure the students are way later than @ TIME1 for their homework. Imagine, late at night, @ NUM1 pm, no library, no computer, and a giant essay for tomorrow. What are you going to do ? @ CAPS1, you better get yourself a laptop before the next giant essay ! @ CAPS2, even though you've been to the library, who wants to put all your books down the stairs, and get to the library, then finally get there and realize you forgot something. It's just a waste of time! Then computers are positive because you can talk to your friends and family. On the one hand, it saves a lot of money because email does not cost anything ! I have an @ ORGANIZATION1 ! email and I don't pay a dime for it! With a cell phone, you have to buy the phone and pay the bill every month. Did you know that the average American spends at least # @ NUM2 every month on cell phones ? It came out @ CAPS2, what if you never saw a certain family member? I know cousin @ CAPS4 just had a baby and her dad lives at @ LOCATION1 @ CAPS3. So she has a webcam, and now they're talking every day, and her dad can see the baby. They think they're still talking about the whole day, and stuff. Afterwards, I just said all these wonderful things, you look someone in the eye and then this computer doesn't help people. For the last reason of @ CAPS4, computers are positive because you could get hand-eye coordination, @ CAPS4's brother, @ PERSON1, loves, and I mean obsessive love, loves video games. He is addicted to it! He can't stop playing them, and I don't mind at all. I don't mind because now he can chew gum, jot down ideas for his essay, think about what he's going to eat for lunch, and play a video game. How's that for multitasking ! @ CAPS2, you will be in better health. Think about it, better reflexes, a better hand-eye, a better and happier doctor! I mean seriously if you play computer games you can have fun knowing that you are going to make your doctor happy. And who doesn't want to move your happy doctor! For the conclusion @ CAPS4, computers have a positive effect on you as they help your education, talk to your friends and family, and have better hand-eye coordination. Tell me right now that the computer is not helping people. I know you can't because computers help us in so many ways.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 I think the computer has bad effects on people. The number one reason I think is because people around the world are becoming less healthy children and adults should stay @ CAPS3 longer. Children and parents should only be @ NUM1 @ CAPS4 aloud on the computer and then exit. Computers are not that bad because @ CAPS5 is useful for finding information but @ CAPS5 is harmful @ CAPS5 you are abusing @ CAPS5 children play games on computers and @ CAPS5 damages their eyes and @ CAPS5 makes them lazy. Also, when going out there is a lot of things to do instead of talking with your friend on the computer, you should call your friend to ask them to come and play games outside. @ CAPS6 continues, lots of kids will be in good shape and @ CAPS3. The second reason computers are bad is because of what people spend on the computer about other people. Never put anything bad on the computer because sometimes these are deep secrets and millions of people will see @ CAPS5 and that person might be teased and mocked. And really, the computer could do horrible things @ CAPS6 you and this person are friends @ CAPS5 could break you forever. The last reason the computer is not good is because people are dying of overweight, there are several teams doing ads saying that kids and adults @ CAPS7 and being @ CAPS3 @ CAPS6 @ CAPS5 were for these heroes a lot more kids would die faster, when kids die they look at what's next to them and scientists have found big chunks of fat around children's hearts. Well this is my theory, hope you listen to all my advice @ CAPS7 shut down the computer and @ CAPS7 @ CAPS3.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 would you like to be warmly greeted by the tabe zingbobway @ ORGANIZATION1 @ LOCATION2, say hello to a distant family memory or maybe quicker your reflexes ? Well you can! Computers are a useful way for @ ORGANIZATION1 to complex @ ORGANIZATION1 with these tasks. Imagine a family member or friend fighting in the war miles away. Wouldn't you like to see them at least once? Computers allow you to interact with them using webcams. You can see them and chat with them. You can not only talk with your family but also with your friends. You can make new friends from all over the world without leaving your home. You can have a new best friend every day! Not only can you talk to people on computers, they give you better hand-eye coordination and they speed up your reflexes. Dr @ PERSON1, @ ORGANIZATION1 ,. says "@ CAPS2 has shown that people who type or use a computer have better reflexes than those who don't." @ CAPS3 a computer around is easier for school so I remember once I had to write a @ NUM1 page document for @ CAPS4 and it was due the next day. I wrote the start @ ORGANIZATION1 and my hand started cramping. I soon had my paper in Finnish so I ran over to my computer and typed it in half the time I would have spent writing it. I also have good hand-eye coordination. You not only type on it, you learn about it. @ NUM2 out @ ORGANIZATION1 @ NUM3 computers are used to learn more about places and people. Suppose you just won @ NUM1 free tickets to go anywhere in the world with a celebrity of your choice ! With a computer, you can search anywhere and make this trip the best @ ORGANIZATION1 days of your life. And even if you don't really like going to other places, you can go there virtually on a computer. With computers, you can see the @ CAPS5 @ CAPS6 @ ORGANIZATION1 @ LOCATION1, the tropical reef fish @ ORGANIZATION1 or the @ ORGANIZATION2 at. Computers keep the world at their fingertips. So, as you can see, computers have a positive effect on people. Computers allow people to interact with quotes, increase your hand-eye coordination, and keep the world at your fingertips. So stop reading and use a computer!
Dear @ PERSON1, advancements in technology and computers are a bad thing. When IT companies like @ CAPS1, @ ORGANIZATION2, and @ ORGANIZATION1, perform cool updates to their IT systems, people don't want to shut down their computers, which is not a good thing. As a child, did you spend all of your time indoors and online? Computers take the time to spend time outdoors or exercise. And they affect family time very crucial. Advances in IT are bad for our country and our city. Children these days much prefer to spend time on their computers rather than outdoors. It can have a very negative effect. First of all, it is important for students to see and feel nature, and the last time I checked they cannot do this on a computer. Children need to see animals, smell the sweet scent of flowers, and feel the breeze brush their cheeks. A second reason going out is important is the sun. Even though the sun has harmful days, it is still important for everyone's health to spend time in the sun. The computer takes time away from nature which is unhealthy and dangerous. The computer also takes up precious time away from exercise. If people spend all of their time on computers, then are they exercising. Everyone is supposed to have at least @ NUM1 minutes of activity per day, but no one ever spends that much time training. In addition, obesity numbers have increased dramatically since the invention of the personal computer and the Internet. Obesity can make life difficult for people and can also lead to disease. Life with computers has resulted in a decrease in the number of people exercising and an increase in obesity rates. Another problem with computers is that people spend less time with their families. Family is one of the most important things in the world and everyone should spend a few hours a day with their family. In addition, with the encouragement of their families, many students excel in school and in sport, which gives them great self-confidence. Computers take time on something that should be the most important to everyone, the family. Many people are negatively affected by computers. Technology takes a very long time away from children and adults. It takes time away from the outdoors, exercise, and family. Yes, @ MONTH1 computers make life easier, but they have a much more negative effect than a positive one.
Dear local newspaper, I think computers are bad news. Most children come home from school and aim. So they can talk to their friends. @ PERCENT1 from @ CAPS1 are obese. I think it's better to play outside with your friends than to sit on a chair and play on the computer. If children go out and play with their friends, they will have more fun. Children will also learn to interact with each other by playing outside together. Children will see more of nature and learn more about animals. When children are at computers, they sit and do nothing. Also, some kids post pictures of themselves on things like Facebook which are inappropriate and can cause them a lot of trouble. They also say things that they wouldn't normally say in a person's face. The computer is simply a way for children to get into trouble. When you play baseball, soccer, or tag with your friends, you are exercising and having a lot of fun. If you exercise a lot, you probably won't be obese. Some say the computer is good hand-eye coordination, but it's better to catch a soccer ball or kick. Some also say that computers can tell you about remote places, but what the school is for. I say exercising and playing with your friends is better than talking with your friends or video chatting with them, @ CAPS2 is for a lot of overweight people at @ LOCATION1 and the computer does not help the cause.
Dear @ LOCATION2 press, I wonder if you know that @ PERCENT1 of people on @ NUM1 interviewed by college @ LOCATION1 agreed that using laptops and computers had a really good benefit to their lives ? I agree that computers benefit society and everyday life. With a computer, you can interact with people all over the world, they can help you with your schoolwork and make your daily life easier. Five years ago I had to move from @ LOCATION4 to @ LOCATION3. We had to leave all of our family and friends behind. However, with this great technology, we were able to email them. Instant messages and video chat with them, instead of having to deal with cash to make long distance calls. There are a lot of people like me. Who has friends and family far away, family in different countries, old classmates and camp friends using a computer is a great way to keep in touch with each other. Using a computer can also make life easier. Moms who care for their children might not be able to go to @ CAPS1 and @ CAPS2 with one child not wanting to quit their video games, the other watching their favorite @ CAPS3 show. Fortunately, this man and go online, choose the food she and the quantity and she can have someone deliver her. This mother might also not be able to go out and go shopping. So, with her computer, she can go to her favorite store's website and choose the clothes she wants. And then when @ CAPS4 comes along, a computer can be great for not worrying about not having enough time to go. A computer has a much simpler life !. Statistics on how people help online instantly or by entering. "Computers are great, I can do my homework and know that if they write a planner, we do it and take it out. If they can and more information on the computer from @ CAPS5.com, then they could find in their local library. You can find almost anything with search engines on your computer! Some people don't agree with using computers, or some also think that some people abuse the benefits of computers and spending too much time on that and not getting enough exercise and enjoying nature.It's true, as long as you stay reasonable with using your computer, it benefits you in many ways. Like I said, it's great for maintaining connections between people, simplifying everyday life, and researching for school.
Dear local newspaper, I think computers affect people in a positive way. Computers increase our knowledge, allow us to communicate with our friends and family, teach us hand-eye coordination, and allow us to see our news faster. Computers are nice, great pieces of technology. Although sitting in front of your computer screen is not very interactive, computers increase our knowledge. Computers have all these websites full of interesting information. You can search for anything you want to learn and find exactly what you want. Going to the library for a book on your report would take extra time. Instead, you can research the facts you need online. Computers also allow us to communicate with family and friends. Calling someone or sending a letter costs money, but emailing someone doesn't. Many people have family and friends who live far away from them. Thanks to computers, they can talk to them for as long as they want at no cost. You can also see yourself through a webcam. That you can connect to your computer if it doesn't already have one. Another reason computers are useful is that they help with hand-eye coordination. Computers require you to type, which is a great skill. Although writing an essay by hand is tiring and boring, you can type it on your computer. Typing takes to become good but is very useful. Finally, computers help us receive our news. When major events happen, like the earthquake at @ LOCATION1, it was all over the internet before the news broke. In conclusion, computers are very useful and help us to deepen our knowledge, communicate with people, help us in hand-eye coordination and allow us to see our news faster. Most importantly, computers are fun !
Dear Diary, I believe that technological advancements have many positive effects, such as computers. Computers are great for people of all ages. Computers teach hand-eye coordination and allow people to learn information from all over the world. Finally, computers allow people to communicate over the Internet. Advances in technology are improving society and the way of life around the world. Technological advancements are amazing. Computers greatly show this progress. With the simple use of a computer, one can acquire great hand-eye coordination skills. Typing skills are a prime example. Typing skills are needed by almost everyone in the world. Without computers, no one would have these skills. A young child can use the computer, play a game, and learn basic typing and hand-eye coordination skills to jump-start their coordination skills for the rest of their life. Technological advancements are great. These computer advancements can also enable people to learn information around the world. Often at school, students are asked to report on a different country. It would be very difficult to do this report without a computer. The student will have to go through all the different books to find the specific information needed. With the Internet, this project can be done much faster by just typing in what you need to know. How about that family vacation you've always wanted? Need an idea where to go? Use the Internet! All you have to do is type in the vacation spots and hit enter. Instantly, you'll have hundreds of choices right in front of you. It makes life a lot easier. Do you remember the last time your mom or dad went on a business trip and you couldn't talk to them because they were busy ? there is a solution to this with the internet. You can communicate with them via @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 or both. Just connect your @ CAPS2 to the computer and instantly say okay @ TIME1, or how is it. If you have a friend, you can instant message them. It's so easy, you'll feel like you're standing right next to them in seconds. In conclusion, computers and technological advancements are great and can benefit everyone in the world. Writers and editors of the newspaper, please agree with me on this subject. Technological advancements can only add positive effects to lifestyle. Support today's advancements in technology to help improve people's lives.
Dear @ LOCATION1, I think computers have a positive effect on people. They teach hand-eye coordination. Computers give people the ability to learn about distant places and people. They even allow people to talk online. Computers are very useful machines. Computers teach hand-eye coordination. When you're in school, you have to type lots of @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 labs, and @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 vocab prompts. Computers help us do this. Typing quickly and correctly takes practice. Typing without looking at the keyboard is hand-eye coordination. It will also help us later in life. Whether it's typing in high school essays or your college application essay, you will need the help of computers. Computers give people the ability to learn about distant places. @ NUM1 years ago I am watching a trip to @ LOCATION3 for the first time. I didn't know much about the history of @ LOCATION3, so I sat down at my desk and turned on my computer. Suddenly it was like I was at @ LOCATION3 ! I read about the delicious food and the rich culture. I took a virtual tour of the @ CAPS5 @ CAPS6 and the large @ CAPS7. Heard @ CAPS8 music and learned some @ CAPS8. In just @ NUM2 hours, I visited @ LOCATION3 straight from my own home ! Computers can take you on a magical journey to a distant land. Computers allow people to talk online with other people. It is a very good thing. I have cousins who live @ LOCATION2 and because of the shift schedule @ NUM3 hours, it is not always easy to talk on the phone so we use the computer. My family will send them emails. Sometimes we will even video chat ! Computer accessible @ CAPS3 networking sites like @ CAPS10 or @ CAPS11 allow us to talk to people we don't see regularly. On @ CAPS11, you can even talk to your favorite stars or musicians. Computers allow us to stay in touch with others. Computers have a positive effect on people. Some @ MONTH1 experts say that people spend too much time on the computer and while @ MONTH1 is true for some people, it is not true for everyone. We always exercise and spend time outdoors. We are still interacting with family and friends, but we know we can do it on the computer too. More and more people are using the computer, which is a good thing.
Dear, local newspaper editor I believe computers benefit our society because we could connect to people faster and easier. And @ CAPS1 computers are good for our business because we don't have to spend too much time on the phone. This is @ CAPS1 why I think computers benefit our society. " Computers @ CAPS1 are a good or a bad thing ?" " Computers are a good thing, because you can also send emails to your family or your friends at any time. But sometimes we don't have to be on the computer that long. This is @ CAPS1 why I think computers are a good thing. Without a computer it will be different because you have to talk to people by phone or text. In my opinion, I am really grateful that we have computers. And on computers, you can use anything like @ ORGANIZATION2, @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3, @ CAPS4, and even work on the computer. Than @ CAPS1 without computers, it will be different. I think people don't spend too much time on the computer, "because a lot of people on the computer doing office work. The computer makes it a lot easier for us! But sometimes people take advantage of it. C it's @ CAPS1 why I feel people don't spend too much time on the computer Last but not least, @ CAPS1 why I know computers benefit our society.
Dear @ CAPS1, I heard you want some opinions on whether or not computers are good for people. I know a lot of people are against these positive opinions, but I think computers have a positive effect on people. The main thing that computers are great for is research. Without computers, children and adults will not receive the necessary tools for knowledge. Studies show that @ NUM1 students on @ NUM2 have computers at home and that @ NUM3 person without access to a computer gets about @ PERCENT1 with a lower grade due to poor research capacity on projects. Another reason computers are good is because they can bring the world together. Facebook, @ CAPS2, and Twitter users can chat with people across the streets, across the country and even across the ocean ! People from @ LOCATION5 can play games and chat with people from @ LOCATION1, @ LOCATION4, @ LOCATION2 and even @ LOCATION3 ! My last reason is that computers are great for business. Lots of people have websites for their work that can market them well and for people to know what their business is all about. Take for example your newspaper. Without computers, you wouldn't be able to get your research or even type or print your newspaper. Your website would not be able to persuade people to read your newspaper. Even though some people can abuse their computing privileges by staying too long instead of exercising or interacting with people, but that's them. It's only @ PERCENT2 people with computers doing this ! And so, it's their time and they want to spend it on the computer. What can you do to change? Nothing. And with that, I close this letter by letting you know that computers are great for people! They give us research, they help us with school and business, and they allow us to talk to people all over the world.
Dear Diary @ CAPS1, I am writing you a letter to let you know that I think it is a bad idea for you to make children stay away from computers because it teaches children something, that is good to do homework and you can relax when you are there. . Well, computers teach kids a lot of things like hand eye coordination. If kids want to work with computers when they're older, they can learn to work with them. There are also websites that can show you how to move your hands when using a computer. Well when kids come to school they always have homework, @ CAPS2 you have to do it on the computer so if you couldn't use computers it would be hard for kids to do homework . So when they go to school and the class tells the teacher that they don't have computers, what are they going to do. So when I get out of school and have had a really long day. I come home to do my homework, go to the computer, and listen to music to relax. If you were to take the computers with you, everyone would be cranky all the time. This is why I think you should keep the computers and not exercise so much. We get enough of them in school to carry all of those precious books.
Dear @ STATE1 news, Computers are a great machine to use. People can research, find out about any topic or topic, and let people talk to friends online. I think computers have a good effect on people. Computers are one of the great inventions that we have. They are very useful in our everyday life. When people need to write a document for school or to do a project, you can search for what you need if you need to know something, a topic that you don't know, you can search for questions about it on the internet. If you're writing an article and need an answer, it's all over the Internet. Suppose you want to go on a family vacation to California, you can plan your whole trip right on your computer, you can book a flight, get a hotel room and even see what to do, you can see the whole world directly from your computer. If you want to learn another language, you can learn an entire language on your computer. Plus, if you're too busy to go to collage or want to take another class, there are even online schools. The computer is a great way to learn new things. Finally, you can talk to your friends. Online websites like Facebook and MySpace are great ways to stay in touch with your friends. Another positive way is @ CAPS1, you can instant message your friends and family without having to wait so long for a response. If you want your friends, you can just send them a message. I think computers have a positive effect on people. They are useful in many ways, such as people can do research, learn new things, and talk to friends, I hope you see my take, they are the same thing everyone should have.
I entered my living room. I saw my mom avidly read our computer screen with pictures of caller masters and logos slamming the webpage as well. I thought the internet just made my mom better than me to go on vacation. More and more people are logging into a computer every day, and although people willing to change and believe in new technological advancements have a strong argument as to why computers exist and there are still some that don't. can see only the negative. I strongly support computers and think they have a lot of potential. Computers make work even smaller. They allow you to speak to thousands of people miles from a man instantly. Plus, you can reconnect with friends you can't see anymore. For example, I used to go to a great @ DATE1 camp and met my best friends there. But @ DATE1, they went to bed, and instead of playing sports and having fun, I lay on my basement to get up because my sweat was sticking to the. Then one day I heard the familiar that my computer was talking about when I got an instant @ CAPS1, I had the energy to crawl up to the screen, to find out @ PERSON1, one of my closest friends de wanted to take a bike ride up to the wall and hang out with other people we knew. to say that I happily respond, "@ CAPS2 I really want to go", with a long point score. summer for computers and @ ORGANIZATION1. Instant @ CAPS3, @ CAPS4 would have all split up and never spoke again. An exaggerated argument people use against the computer is that not everyone who uses them is exercising. I use my computer almost every hour, so I created a system to make sure I exercise. Every time I walk around the room my computer is plugged in, I take the pull tab on the right and I do @ NUM1. I only thought about this system @ NUM2 months ago and I already have my own muscles, and I can do @ NUM3 pull as both but when I started I struggled to do @ NUM2. If it weren't for the amazing computers I had back, I would still be exercising, only after about a week. Computers easily feed into the Internet, which contains so much information. Unless it's a deep-rooted secret. You can probably find whatever you want on the Internet. I've spent countless time finding an essay with the limited manuals, it's just not what you need. My country project @ DATE1 year could not have more than @ CAPS5 pleces of information from a book ! He also makes an excellent teacher of any subject. In fact, my language arts teacher told us how the @ DATE1, a balloon that had never done water sports before, spent @ NUM2 weeks watching YouTube videos on how to water ski. , and at his first do expensive tricks. These are just a few of the reasons I think computers are great. They keep friendly ships nearby, give you a reason to exercise, and can teach you anything ! I'm saying we're spreading the good word about computers and letting everyone know how awesome they are.
Dear Computer Co., computers have a negative effect. Why would you go outside if you could play life - like games on your @ CAPS1 ? I think the games on @ CAPS1 should be phased out so that people can enjoy all the finer things in life. If people weren't on @ CAPS1 all day, people would be careful how they destroy nature.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, Your resources, your entertainment, even your communication with people might wear off. @ CAPS8 you know that a lot of people think this @ PERSON2 is harming our company. Well I'll say I think they don't understand these benefits that computers bring us. The computer acts like teachers teaching us without our even knowing it. Hand-eye coordination is a perfect example. Additionally, we use computers to find out more about places we might want to travel to, or to have a conversation with friends or family living far from Tromus. Computers are an extradarny piece or technology. First of all, I like to say that everything you do physically uses hand-eye coordination. Preparing dinner, riding a bike, driving a car, etc. And unfortunately, @ CAPS6 aren't the best at hand-eye coordination. One of @ CAPS7's friends, @ PERSON1, had awful hand-eye coordination. So for his birthday, I decided to give him a computer. It had been @ NUM1 months since he had his computer and @ CAPS8 he was trying to hit a baseball at his son's party he started hitting the ball @ NUM2 on @ NUM3 where he was hitting it @ NUM1 or @ NUM5 out of @ NUM6. @ PERCENT2 is a huge increase in just @ NUM1 months ! Just something @ simple CAPS8 @ CAPS8 a computer improved the hand-eye coordination of @ CAPS7's friends in a big way. Second, the computer can help you find faraway places @ CAPS8 @ LOCATION1 or @ LOCATION4. Do you really want to travel to the freezing cold and piercing winds of @ LOCATION1 just to find out more ? For some I would say like this but what if you can't travel to @ LOCATION1 due to money or flight conditions. I want to be able to study polar bears and glaciers without having to worry. A static from @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 from @ CAPS5 states "@ PERCENT2 people would love to feel the thrill and excitement of the lights @ ORGANIZATION1. But of those @ PERCENT2 only @ PERCENT3 said they would actually be heading to @ LOCATION2 for the see". So you can see that @ PERCENT4 of these people wouldn't go, either because of the money or the cold. Thery @ CAPS6 said that's why they love the computer. They can experience the lights of @ ORGANIZATION1 without needing to travel in the freezing cold. Finally, this better thing to do on the computer than with a family you've never met before or can't see. @ LOCATION3 Local Editor Says "Parents @ CAPS7 live more than @ NUM8 miles away. I can rarely tell them now because I can't afford to walk that distance more often. So I use the computer @ CAPS7, parents @ CAPS7 and I now communicate @ PERCENT1 more than before. I love the computer, it allows me to stay close to @ CAPS7 my relatives. " @ CAPS8 you can tell, thanks to the computer we are talking @ PERCENT1 more to his parents than before ! In conclusion, the computer is a graceful device which is extremely beneficial for people. The computer teaches us hand-eye coordination, allows us to discover places we would never have known otherwise, and to have conversations with friends or family members that we don't usually see often. Now you go out and ask anyone who says computers are horrible inventions to tell them exactly why computers are so important !
Dear Diary, I think using your computer too much is bad. Some people spend too much time on the Internet. Many people are too focused on the Internet and miss their normal activities. Also, the computer is bad for people because they will be on the internet all night and will not sleep. This leaves them exhausted for the day ahead. A lot of people spend too much time on the Internet. Since they are always on the Internet, they don't spend a lot of time with their families. This causes the person addicted to the internet to lose their relationship with family and friends. Not exercising is also the result of this addiction. For example, my half-brother is still on the Internet now. He doesn't talk to anyone because he's so preoccupied with his gambling. Another problem that people face with the Internet is being too focused. When you are too focused on the internet you forget that there is a whole world out there that needs your help, most people won't choir or cook meals for their families. These people also don't have time for their outdoor activities that they used to enjoy. Internet addicts usually don't sleep. They don't have time to study at night because they spend all of their extra time on the Internet. During the day they will be very tired at school or at work and the internet will be to blame. Last month my mom started a facebook. She's constantly on it. When it's on, it ignores everything around it. My mom goes to school and she tells me that she never has time to study because she is always on the internet. She also stopped reading the Bible in her spare time to go on the Internet. Internet is a bad thing to get addicted to. You lose relationships with your friends and family because you never leave the computer. People generally don't exercise or do their chores. It's not a very good addiction to enter.
Dear @ CAPS1, The effect computers have on people is not positive. I think people spend way too much time on computers, some information on computers is inaccurate, there are still phones and cellphones that people can use to communicate. The majority of people's time is spent on the computer. Whether it's playing games, checking @ CAPS2-mail, or even working, people's precious time is running out. This time can be used for doing more important things like being with friends and family, being outdoors with nature, or exercising. Being on the computer instead of exercising has had a huge effect on people. Some people are overweight because they eat and then stop exercising. My sister works all day and she says the women @ NUM1 or @ NUM2 at her job are not healthy because all they do is go to the computer and eat granola bars , which are generally healthy. If others spent at least half an hour outdoors getting some fresh air at @ CAPS3 instead of using a computer, most of them would feel much better. My doctor always used to tell me and my brother, "@ CAPS3 outside and play an hour a day!" It's true, and I strongly encourage people to go out and do some activity rather than playing on the computer. The computer is used a lot for research. Some information on the computer is very useful, but you can never really tell which information is inaccurate. At least when you do research using a book or an encyclopedia, you can trust these sources. What if you had to make a report and you could only use the Internet, how would you know if the information is trustworthy ? Of course, computers also teach hand-eye coordination when playing video games, but in real life, will you need to know how to shoot a dragon or dodge candy falling from the sky ? This is just one example of unnecessary information and skills that make people want to come back to the computer. Another thing you can do on the computer is communicate with others. When computers weren't invented or even advanced, people were more than happy to call each other. Now with computers, people @ CAPS2-mail, instant messaging or even skype ; a web cam website. What even happened to cell phones, you can take it.
Dear reader, @ CAPS1, people are wondering if computers are really for the benefit of society, especially now that the majority of @ CAPS2 now own one of these useful machines. Computers help people in their day-to-day tasks and definitely do more good than harm. Imagine how impossible it would be for most people to do their jobs without them, life would become much more difficult for people living on this planet. Think about the schools that are successful in our country, then think about the schools that don't have computers. Computers are the easiest way to find information, which is important when children are learning. Whenever someone needs to know something, they just google it. This comes in handy when researching this huge project scheduled for next week. People have never been so well informed. Computers are important not only for school, but also for the workplace. They serve almost the same environments. Now that computers are so common, people can easily type up a document and submit it to their boss or teacher. This saves time and effort with a more professional result. Computers are also used to communicate by email or instant messaging, you can communicate with someone halfway around the world without that huge phone bill. Some @ MONTH1 consider this dangerous because you might be chatting with a complete stranger. But it is also opening our eyes to new cultures. It is now possible to learn more about life at @ LOCATION1 firsthand. If there were no more computers, it would be extremely difficult for an ordinary person to interact with someone from another country. It's almost like isolating yourself from the world. There are many who are very interested in learning other languages. There are better ways than sitting in a classroom listening to someone talk. As a person on this planet, do you really want to be separate from others just because they don't live close enough? One of the biggest concerns with computers is that no one is going to want to read books or anything. However, a recent study shows that after computers came out, more and more people started to read. It proves that just because there is something fun and new now, doesn't mean everything else is trash. People will continue to do what they always did, just with something new on their list. Plus, it's everyone's option whether or not they want to spend their time on the computer. If someone doesn't like the idea, they don't have the right to take it away from someone else. Computers were created to help the human race out of control. If a person does not want it, he does not have to have it, it is all up to him, and that is how it should be. The next time you see a computer, don't think of it as some kind of obsession that keeps people from thinking otherwise. But as a universal device that allows them to broaden their horizons and learn things that they probably wouldn't go looking for in the library, computers don't hold anyone back, but push everyone forward. whether at work, at school or even at home, they benefit everyone, everywhere.
Have you ever thought about all the amazing things computers have done for us? Now we can learn whatever we want, talk to people halfway around the world, and even advance in other areas of technology. Computers have undoubtedly had a positive effect on people. Imagine that ... one second you can be in the blazing deserts of @ LOCATION3, the next in a lush, scorching jungle teeming with animals ... all without leaving your room ! Using computers, people can discover new places and new things whenever they want. The millions of resources on the Internet provide information on other places and times. Although this @ MONTH1 information is in a local library. Getting to the computer is MUCH easier. Who wants to bother to lend books to the library, when the Internet is available to you at all times ? No registration to get a library card. No late fees and no waiting lists. It is quite clear that using your computer for research is very valuable. @ NUM1 in ten people said they would rather email someone than talk to them on the phone. Now, with computers, people can send instant messages or send emails to anyone, anywhere in the world. Making a call from @ LOCATION1 to @ LOCATION2 can be very expensive but with the email I can talk to my friend @ CAPS1, @ PERSON1, for free. I remember when she moved to @ LOCATION2. It was sad, but we promised to keep in touch. With email and instant messaging, it was easy to talk and share the latest news! Having the ability to communicate easily with someone is an incredible privilege, which would not exist without computers to help us. Finally, computers have helped people make advancements in other areas of technology. Where would we be in science and medicine without computers? These machines have helped scientists conduct experiments. With a simulated expiration, they can be sure that no other variable will affect your results. Now experiments can be extremely precise. Computers have also helped advance medicine. They have been the key to unlocking all kinds of cures for dangerous diseases. Who knows, maybe in @ NUM2 years there will be a cure for cancer. All of these amazing achievements have been positively effected by computers. Although some people @ MONTH1 think that computers have a negative impact on our everyday life, I @ PERCENT1 disagree. People learn, speak and advance in technology with the click of a mouse. Computers have had a positive effect on people in so many ways, so click on them ! Computers don't have any of these.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS1 the world forty years ago. People would need to travel to visit a library to do research, every document, doctors' notes and the construction plan would have to be written by hand or on an old typewriter. Life would have been much more difficult. Today, computers allow us to communicate with each other, access millions of websites on the Internet, and help with schoolwork. Almost every day, my dad and dad receive requests from friends of long-lost school friends, as well as current relatives and friends. Computers today allow the world to talk to each other and to know what is going on. My dad always says "@ CAPS2 makes the world go round". With social networking sites, everyone gets tons of @ CAPS2 on each other. Another way to communicate is through video chat. All @ CAPS3 computers are equipped with a video camera and you can purchase one if you have an @ CAPS4. This will allow you to see the face of the person you are talking to. I have heard a lot of amazing stories about it. One is for a soldier at @ LOCATION1 and his current wife at home. The doctors set up a computer with video chat in the operating room, and the soldier was sort of in two places at once. The man was able to see his newborn baby and his wife. Computers can do amazing things! Another reason computers are great is their accessibility to the Internet. There's this cool website called @ CAPS5.Dcotors.Com. If you have an illness or symptom of something, all you need to do is enter it on the homepage and it will list all the possible reasons or outcomes. It also tells you how to treat it and where to find the medicine. If we looked back, we would have to go to a doctor and pay to have your problem examined. Computers also help tremendously with schoolwork and homework. Nowadays, many teachers ask or ask students to type in their homework because it is easy to read and correct. I also find it faster to type then print. Say you need to find the periodic table and write down the facts @ NUM1 and all the elements. There are probably hundreds, if not thousands of websites on this topic. All you have to do is enter it on google. You can also add an image by copy and paste; which will improve your work. Computers have helped students and teachers. Finally, computers (and keyboards) help people coordinate their hands and eyes. Many schools offer typing lessons to try and help students. I recently researched this topic on the internet and it showed a study by @ PERSON1 and @ PERSON2 that people who practice typing at least @ NUM2 minutes a day will experience better hand-eye coordination at @ PERCENT1. This increase would help many people with poor coordination. Computers today help the world in many ways. From communication to internet accessibility, then helping hand-eye coordination. The world would change for the worse if computers were abandoned.
Dear Journalists, @ CAPS1's opinion on the effect of the computer on people is that without the computer we would not be able to search for important people and events. Also, we couldn't type important papers. Finally, we can talk to other people. Now that @ CAPS1's first opinion is computer-less, we can no longer search for important people and events. This is one of the reasons for @ CAPS1 because if people didn't know anything about an important person, they might search for them. For an example which is Harry @ PERSON1. He was the president of @ NUM1. I didn't know who he was or what he was doing until I searched the internet for him. @ CAPS1 second opinion is that we would not be able to type important papers. I say this because people who have @ CAPS3 mainly have to type paper. And without computers, everything would have to be handwritten. Some people also have bad handwriting. The last opinion of @ CAPS1 is that we can type for people online and offline. I say this because if you need to tell a family member or friend something important but your phone is dead or broken, you can email them. Or if you have a Facebook you can tell them. Finally, you can send them an instant message. Now that you know three opinions about the effects of the computer, people can still rave about their homes or neighborhoods.
Dear readers of @ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS1 people today are wondering if having a computer benefits society. IT benefits society in the @ CAPS1 way as if it could help the child with his three school assignments. The kids at @ CAPS1 aren't very active, but if they had a computer it would really help them. Not @ CAPS1 kids have a way of knowing what they're going to be live on. I'm pretty sure they don't care now, but the computer will help them. As you can see, the computer can help society. Every child who goes to school has homework from kindergarten until the end of school. The computer can help them with math, science, and even social studies homework. As your children grow up starting middle school, they should write reports and projects that enable them to be able to write or write journals. If you can't take your kids to the library to take out the @ CAPS1 books that might get lost and you will have to pay for something that has been but cannot be used again. But the computer all this to the company. The computer can help with the communication @ CAPS1. Kids @ CAPS1 like to go to @ CAPS2 to chat and parents think @ CAPS2 is their world, but they might organize a group for it. These days there are a lot more shy people who are afraid of the people at @ ORGANIZATION1 and are friends. but now they could be a lot more depressing. The computer can also help you because you might be late or unable to make it to an appointment or meeting and you invite the person. It's a great way computers are helping society. There aren't many people in society who now get what they want to be when they grow up. If they use the computer and they're really good at fixing them when they're broken, running is as a computer @ CAPS3 are such beautiful places @ CAPS1 that people take pictures and raise them to out loud into their computer. Some people only see their talent when someone points it out to them. People @ CAPS1 might have a bad day and write a story about it and send it to some of their friends, @ CAPS4 their friend can send it to an editor and make that person @ CAPS5. As you can see, there are so many @ CAPS1 great ways to use the computer to help your business. Computer readers can help you with your school work. The computer can help society communicate. It might also help people find their @ CAPS6. I think the computer does a great @ CAPS6 in helping society.
Dear Diary, I firmly believe that technology enables children and adults to use computers. I firmly believe that people have bad affection because you are addicted, you spend less time with your family and friends. Finally, you spend less time exercising and making great opportunities for yourself. Clearly I think letting students and adults use computers is going to take over their minds and make them addicted to computers. It is very serious because when you are addicted to something you can go back. This means that you will have time for everything. For example, they might forget what life is and what was around us to live on. Addiction is hard to get over, so don't live your life in a box and gamble on nonsense, live your life to the fullest. Overall addiction to everything including computers and a horrible one. Without a doubt, spending too much time on computers will rot your brain and make you lazy. This means that the less you exercise, the less active you are. This problem is especially for teenagers. Teenagers have a computer every week. cell phones, ipods and more. Many teens get cranky and unruly for their parents because they try to do it. As people do not exercise and move around a lot, this leads to serious consequences such as obesity and cancer. Obesity usually occurs when you eat food, but it can also occur when you don't eat and exercise. People who don't move get lazy and have no desire to do anything that has an effect. Overall, computers cause people to exercise and be less active, which will result. Finally, computers mean that people spend less and less time with their families and treat their computers as if computers were. In everyday life, teenagers on their cell phones, their computers listening to music. these electronic devices are the origin. If this continues, many teens will lose the people they have. Computers are a waste of your time because they can do you. because they have an effect on people who use computers and other electronic devices.
Dear local newspaper, my name is @ PERSON1, and I think computers are very useful and people learn a lot from them. The computer is very intelligent and it is probably the best technology ever invented. Computers are useful when you need to know something about a certified person. The @ CAPS3 example is that it helps students with their homework. The last reason I think computers are useful is that they help you reach your family and friends. The first example of why I think computers are useful is that they help you if you need facts about a person. An example is you want to go to a policeman and your boss tells you to meet him at @ ORGANIZATION1, then you go and he tells you the person they are looking for but you don't know anything about him and you need a computer to see what he's convicted of and see his criminal record. The @ CAPS3 example is if your teacher wants you to write a report on "@ PERSON3 lopez", but you don't know anything about him, then you would use the computer and read his life. The final example is that if you want to know more about the history of your country and the rulers behind it, you will use the computer. The second example is that of students and their homework. An example is when your teacher says "I want an essay on @ PERSON2 and I want it to be neat." But you have very handwriting and you can't do it on paper, you will have to use word or a writing program on the computer @ CAPS3. The @ CAPS3 example is that if you forgot to write your homework in your planner or something, you can go to the school website and see what your homework is. The last example is if your teacher says to find the book on @ CAPS1 and you go to the library but everyone is taken but you have one for tomorrow. So you can go to the computer and find a place closest to you that has the book. The last reason I think computers are useful in this society is because they help you reach your friends and family. For example, if it takes too long to write letters to each other, you use online messaging, for example "@ CAPS2" or even "facebook and myspace". The @ CAPS3 example is if you don't send the letter to writing addresses then what you do is go online and ask a friend or family member. The last example is if you want to see the person and talk to them so that you can go on webcam with them and even talk to them. Hope you agree with my opinion and think computers are useful and also good for people. It helps people learn more about others and get information about them. Secondly, it helps students with homework and homework, and finally because it helps you reach your family and friends. Therefore, I hope you will like my letter and appreciate my opinion.
Dear local newspaper, I guess you have heard of the ongoing computer debate. Personally, I believe that computers benefit society. I believe so because computers benefit from its help online, internet and globally in other areas. My number one reason why you should believe they benefit society is that computers have it online. Online in chat rooms, banks, etc. it helps because people who talk to other people online can boost their spirits. it can boost morale in situations like with military officers, soldiers because they can't see their families, but online can change that in an instant. Online is also useful as you can pay bills at a particular bank and it saves you a trip to the bank and wasted gasoline overall. So online, this is my reason why you, the local newspaper, should agree with me. My second reason is that the boarding school benefits a lot. Internet, a wonderful created @ NUM1 years ago. It's great because you can buy things like from websites like ebay, amazon etc. It helps because it also saves time. The internet is great too because with the internet you can learn from foreign nations. Finally, the Internet helps because you can receive news through it. This benefits society as people can instantly hear about natural disasters and issues happening in the community, rather than hoping to find them in the news or on TV. This is my second reason why you should agree that the computer helps. My final reason for using computers, overall in other situations, is used later rather than the computer. For example, one way the computer can help in the future is that a student can search for information about a topic online and this can help increase their grade on a project. Stedy has proven that computer training in, playing online games with other people, such as in Call of Duty, helps improve soldiers' accuracy. it helps as it increases their hand eye coordination and we all increase their accuracy in target shooting @ PERCENT1. This @ MONTH1 doesn't sound like much, but in the battlefield it can be the difference between life and death. Computers not only help with this, they are plentiful and can be used in places such as libraries and internet cafes. This is my last reason why you should go with computers. Some people might think that computers are a bad thing because they take a long time to exercise, but this can easily be solved by using the internet to buy indoor joggers. Computers benefit society by using online. Internet and global help in future situations. There are reasons I think you should be an advocate for computers. Thanks for taking the time to read my review.
Dear Diary, I think using the computer is good because it will teach people to have hand-eye coordination. People will also have the opportunity to learn about different states and countries. I ask people to be able to interact with their family and friends from different cities. These are all the reasons I think computers are a good use. The number one reason I think people should use computers is that it will teach them how to have hand-eye coordination. People will know how to stay focused with their eyes and also know how to use their hands at the same time. To stay focused with their eyes, people should wear glasses for the light. Also, when typing, they won't have to look down all the time. When people coordinate with their hands on the computer, it is so that they know what the differences are, which is why computers are good. My second reason computers are good is because people will have the ability to learn about different states and countries. They can also see how beautiful or bad countries and states are. They will also be able to discover their different cultures and religions. In the states also read @ LOCATION1, @ LOCATION2 and how we have wonderful state. This is why computers are a good use. My final reason why using computers is good is because people can interact with family and friends online. There are many different websites where you can search for a family member or friend. You can talk to each other. You can also talk to them even if they are in a different state. You can talk about a lot of different things. For example, family and life and even if you miss them. That's why computers are good. These are my reasons computers are good. Not only can it teach you about hand-eye coordination, family and friends, and different states. But you can also play many different games and also type on a notepad. Also, if you get stuck on a math problem, you can use the calculator. This is why people should use computers.
Do you think computers have a negative effect on people? Well I don't think @ CAPS2 is an easier way to get information faster. The three reasons I think computers have a positive effect on people are to learn about far away places, to have jobs in IT, business, and you are able to talk to people from afar. . There are many other reasons, but I '@ CAPS1 only needed to talk about three. First of all, you can discover distant places, you can learn about places that you cannot see in real life. @ CAPS2 is a faster way to get information on news that might not get in the newspapers until the next day. If you don't have the money to travel you can just go on the internet and see the faraway places in many ways, @ CAPS2 is just a better source of information. My second reason is to have a job in IT. There are a lot of jobs that require computers. If we didn't have computers, more and more people wouldn't have jobs. Plus, business would be slow because it didn't have the information it needed. That is why computers are needed. Finally, you can talk to people from afar, yes people can talk by phone, but that is not the case if you speak and see the person. Video chatting is a great way to make new friends and keep chatting with old friends. You can talk to relatives, friends, or anyone you want to talk to. If we didn't have computers, you would lose touch with the people you know who live far away from you. It would be a terrible thing. In conclusion, computers are an easier way to get information. You can learn about faraway places. You can have a job in the computer industry. Finally, you are able to talk to people from afar, I think computers are a positive thing.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3, @ CAPS4 you look on a map of your effect all you see is computers everywhere. A map of city computers across the state, country, and even the world, all you see are computers everywhere. @ CAPS8 needs to turn off these computers so that @ CAPS8 can start exercising, enjoying nature and interacting with our families. It's time to finally help the soldiers of the world. Men, @ CAPS4, you look around, what do you see. Nothing but obesity. These so called computers are the root cause of why, look over there. There is @ CAPS5. He weighed over @ NUM1 pounds. All he did was use that damn @ CAPS8 electrical error to call a computer. One day he realized he couldn't do this anymore and did the same exercise. After only one year, @ CAPS5 has just gained @ NUM2 pounds. You see, a man named @ PERSON1 who is a doctor and computer expert who has written his books on exercise, nature and family said, " The folks at @ CAPS7 would turn off their computers and use the room. of sport, on @ PERCENT1 of obesity from @ LOCATION1. would fall. "@ CAPS8 must stop the madness of men. Soldiers, do you know what is really in the enemy that @ CAPS8 is fighting ? It makes people miss this beautiful nature. You know @ PERSON1 says that more than @ PERCENT2 people will never go into the wild @ CAPS7, they have a computer. They don't know what they are missing. I can imagine him now the fresh plump hanging on the bush full of heartbreaking green. La mosuelous waterfall shining @ CAPS4 in a stream. The majestic and dark scenery. Let’s not forget the lalaby of crickets and owls that put you in a deep sleep under the soaring oaks. This is what @ CAPS8 needs to hang on people with electronics that don't take much time. Men, do you want to know the soldiers that are a part of this war ? Computer hostages can't even spend time with their families. They are so busy on @ CAPS9, @ CAPS10 and other death compositions than the The real important things are ours alone. My friend @ PERSON2 was one of the computer captives. He escaped just in time to prevent one of his children from going to an illegal party. Since always, @ PERSON2 has put his family first. Other families are not lucky for us. In fact, @ PERSON1 says that @ PERCENT3 families with computers have no communication and end up going their separate ways. Computers have gone too far now. Not only did they ruin people's lives, but also those of their families. It had to end now. Do you see our future now? It's filled with computers on top. @ CAPS8 are their slaves @ CAPS4 @ CAPS8 come to their call. They won't let us exercise to shape, see nature's beautiful lands or spend time with our families so @ CAPS8 can stay together. This is what @ CAPS8 is fighting for, this is what you are here for, will you join us ?
Dear @ ORGANIZATION2, @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 from @ CAPS3 is about computers. They can do anything. But do you think they are really helping us? Yeah, they're doing research and stuff, but physically they're not. You spend less time exercising, interacting with family and friends, and the impact computers can have on @ CAPS1's lives in the future. Exercise is necessary in the lives of @ CAPS1. "People need to go out and do something other than being in front of the computer screen." says @ PERSON1 of @ ORGANIZATION1. the point is that an hour of exercise is good for you. However, two out of three @ CAPS4 will not do this. This is why @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 is the way we are @ CAPS3 I lazy, worthless inactive and overweight. As a result, computers are the blame. Are there any relatives you have met face to face with @ CAPS5, it is because of the computers. The @ CAPS3 computers allow us things like video chatting with parents to or going to facebook and myspace or @ CAPS5 @ CAPS6 to chat with them or by email. The problem with this is being lazy. You could be there to see where your loved ones live to see them. but why waste the enemy by going to the travel agency while on the internet, say the travel agent @ PERSON2 instead. @ NUM1 in @ NUM2 people haven't seen parents for other states in years. People need to go to computers @ CAPS7 games, @ CAPS8 how everything on the computer at You don't even have to take It's bad people have to do @ CAPS11 the old fashioned way. @ NUM3 on @ NUM1 @ CAPS4 uses the computer daily. People are losing their jobs because of computers. Everything is made so simple, there is no need to hire a secretary, a job and more office staff. The factories don't need a lot of people. @ Computerized CAPS10 can take over tasks faster, easier and at lower cost. They will one day take over. It's not good. In conclusion, Computers @ MONTH1 seemed like the best thing to ever hit the earth, but if you really, really think about @ CAPS11, @ CAPS11 isn't. @ CAPS11 prevents you from exercising, seeing friends and family, and the camera negatively impacts @ CAPS1's life. Hope you see where I'm coming from.
Dear @ CAPS1 times, @ CAPS2 do you think computers benefit society ? Well I think so! There are countless reasons why computers are both ingenious and useful. Many citizens in our own community of Watertown think that computers are a great resource for many things, while others strongly disagree with this. Computers can benefit society because you can learn a lot of new things on the Internet, you can also interact with your friends and family, and finally there are many applications used for business. On a computer and on the Internet, you can learn over @ NUM1 million things. When you're struggling with your homework, a computer is a great resource. You can quickly open @ CAPS3.com and search for any topic at any time. For example, if you did not know of a conversion, you would easily find it on the Internet. Another thing that you can be taught or informed about is current affairs. There are websites like nytimes.com and cnn.com that give you daily news. Personally, I use these websites every week. On the computer, you can find the vacation sports you want to explore and practice. When my family was planning our trip to @ ORGANIZATION1 at @ LOCATION1, we were constantly using the computer. In the end, computers can teach you a lot of things. Second, there are a number of ways you can interact with people on the Internet. These include social networking sites, online chat, and email. Social networking sites are a great way to connect with family members and friends from the past. Websites that have been created for this purpose include: facebook, myspace and twitter. These free websites allow you to add friends, send messages, and post photos. Web chat is a way of filming people. You can personally see someone from the @ ORGANIZATION1 acroos from your webcam. Finally, emailing is a great way to keep people informed. You can write a visual letter to one of your friends. In conclusion, the computer is a great way to interact. Finally, the computer is used for business. An application called Microsoft Office is used in countless businesses, Microsoft Office Word, Powerpoint, Excel and @ CAPS4. Each of them is used to plan, sell, present, manage, and write about products. Microsoft is something you should download in the near future. Businesses also use webchat, as I said earlier, for conference calls. A production company can be face to face with a Chinese company without being in the room with it. This makes it a lot easier than flying halfway through @ ORGANIZATION1. Finally, computers are used in the manufacture of a product in or in a company. Work sites such as @ CAPS5 companies use computers to control their machines. I know factory @ ORGANIZATION2 uses computers in their factory as I watch the unwrapped show about them on @ CAPS5 @ CAPS6. Ultimately, computers are a necessary part of a business. In conclusion, computers have a great effect on people. The can teach people a lot of new and exciting things that they didn't know. Also connect humans to each other halfway through @ ORGANIZATION1. Finally, businesses wouldn't function well without a computer. Computers can benefit society because you can learn a lot of new things from the Internet. You can also interact with your friends and family, and there are many apps used for business. If I were an expert, I wouldn't have to worry about computers. They are a magnificent thing. @ CAPS2 do you have the same conviction and the same understanding as me ?
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, The use of computers is not beneficial to our company. Instead of spending time with the people we love, like friends and family, our time is eaten away by the one electronic device that many people depend on; the computer. It is not a very good thing to have an electronic device like this in our everyday life as it uses a lot of electricity, it is expensive to buy and replace, and it allows hackers to or to other malicious people to get into things that we don't want them to see. But the use of electricity is @ CAPS4 the start. By using electricity for this absurd device, we are wasting money. We are also doing our part to destroy the environment. Greenhouse gases and fuel poison the air and are wasted. "I don't have a computer at home and I get along pretty well." @ CAPS3 a local ecologist. So it's @ CAPS4 ; we can get along well without computers taking over our lives. Besides being bad for the environment, it is also not good for the economy. My dad always @ CAPS3 how he doesn't like wasting money then he is going to buy a computer. Not only has this computer crashed once, but twice! Money wasted buying it, restoring it once, and now restoring it a second time! In addition, computers waste our time. I always remember my grandfather saying " I don't know why you are wasting all your precious money and time on these dads !" " With so many people buying new appliances, fewer people will be able to keep track of what goes where and who sees it. It's a terrible thing for people, but a very, very good thing for the bad guys. By "bad people" I mean hackers. As time goes on and people become less aware of what is going on in their electronic lives, more and more hackers will be able to get what they want; in fact, whatever they want. "@ CAPS4 a few months ago I posted a message on the @ CAPS5 website message board that said I would be on vacation for a week. My address was also posted, as this post was a mobile download. When I came back from vacation, half the things in my house were gone ! " said a local resident. Burglaries, thefts and Internet access can lead to chaos. Poor protection is never good. But remember, computers use massive amounts of electricity, wasting many people time and money, and allowing malicious people to access things we don't want them to see. Please understand the meaning of how terrible computers are.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 opinion @ CAPS3 As to why some people support advancements in technology and believe computers have a positive effect on people is that I disagree. Some people don't even get enough sleep if they stay awake too late on computers. Plus, they spend less time exercising and less time interacting with family and friends. These are the reasons for @ CAPS1 I disagree with. In this paragraph, I'll explain why I think people should @ CAPS4 other things than going on the computer all night. If they wake up in the morning and start to be cranky, don't blame them, the computer has made them stay up late. Do you prefer to get a good night's sleep or be even more tired in the morning because you sleep too late on the computer ? Well once I stayed with friends at @ CAPS1 and she spent the night in front of the computer she didn't even sleep. In the morning she was so cranky because she was so tired. @ CAPS1 language arts teacher "@ PERSON1" says "@ CAPS2 sleeping late on the computer all night is not healthy because you have bugs under your eyes and you are sleepy. I mean 'there are a lot of side effects. " @ NUM1 on @ PERCENT1 parents agree with me and @ CAPS1 first reason. In this paragraph I tell you @ CAPS1 second reason as @ CAPS3 why I disagree i.e. less time to exercise. (@ CAPS3 parents) @ CAPS4 you really want your kids to be lazy and on the computer everyday or @ CAPS4 you want your kids to exercise and be healthier ? @ CAPS1 friends the children are always on the computer everyday all the time and it is not very healthy @ CAPS3 them especially because they are young. A few weeks ago, I told them about being active and the fact that it is not good to be on the computer often. Now they barely go to the computer, they're still out there playing and running. @ CAPS1 science teacher @ PERSON3 says "@ CAPS5 excersize is better than doing anything non-active and that can be fun too. @ NUM2 on @ PERCENT2 children agree with @ CAPS1 science teacher @ PERSON2 In this paragraph, I will explain for you why I think it is better to interact with family and friends than on the computer. If you were in your family's shoes @ CAPS4, you think that they would rather you come hang out with them or be on the computer? When I was younger @ CAPS1 family used to yell at me to get me out of the computer so I could pass time with them, but eventually a day came when I understood their family's pain. @ CAPS1 mom says “I should hang out with @ CAPS1 family and friends more often.” @ NUM3 on @ PERCENT3 from @ CAPS1 members of family and friends agree with @ CAPS1 mom. @ CAPS3 @ CAPS1 conclusion I do not know disagree with the statement “Some people support advancements and technology think computers have a positive effect on people.” @ CAPS1 reason like @ CAPS3 why these people arent @ CAPS5 enough sleep, less than time to exercise and less time to interact with friends and family.
IT, a subject that is talked about a lot. Did you know that @ PERCENT1 of @ LOCATION1 households have at least one computer. And that goes for about @ PERCENT2 in @ LOCATION2. Some people don't like it to be true, but on the other hand, some people do. I have a computer, it can do so many things, for example it can help me write, I can play games on it and socialize with social networking sites and "IMs", it can even help me order a product on a website like @ ORGANIZATION1, @ LOCATION3 or @ LOCATION4. Like I said, I have a computer and I can use it to help me write. In English school, I used my computer to help me with a writing prompt. I also use it to write conclusions for science labs. There are a lot of other kids doing it too, it's really very helpful. This is just one of the reasons I think computers are good for society. Another reason I think computers are good for society is that you can play games there, like "world of warcraft", "@ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ NUM1", or classics like "@ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5 ". There are millions of people who play computer games. You can also socialize with social networking sites, like @ CAPS6 and Twitter, and also because you can "IM" your friends. IM stands for @ CAPS7 messaging, and it's kind of like email, except it's pretty much instantaneous, so you and your friends can have a conversation on the computer. There's also video chat, where it's kind of like a phone except you can see the person you're talking to and it's on the computer, so it's almost like you and the person you're talking to. you are video chatting you met face to face, but you are not. A third reason I think computers are good for society is because you can order a product from the online store websites. For example, I received my @ CAPS8 from @ LOCATION3, and also the bulb of an @ CAPS9 in my house is worn out, so my dad is going to buy an @ LOCATION1 bulb from @ ORGANIZATION1. It's things like this that make life a lot easier for the @ CAPS10 @ PERSON1 because that way these people don't have to go to the store to buy something i.e. they can wait a week or two for the product to arrive. These are the kinds of things that make me feel that computers are good for society. I know these might not be the best reasons, but they are very important to me. Being able to type essays, play games and socialize, and order products from websites is just amazing. These are some of the reasons I and others love computers. But I have a question for you, why do you like or dislike computers?
Dear local newspaper, Computers are important for growth. They teach us skills like hand-eye coordination, they let you talk online and discover people and places far away. I believe it benefits society even though a lot of people don't. Nine schools on @ NUM1 use computers daily and their communities are still doing well. I know you think it takes away real social time, but it really improves the community. Imagine a student playing basketball and his teammate passes the ball to him and he cannot catch it because he has no hand-eye coordination ability. It wouldn't happen if he spent more time on the computer. There are many coordination games on the internet, like @ CAPS1's pinball machine, that help develop this. When playing these games, you keep your hand on the mouse or keyboard and your eyes on the screen. It helps you not to look down. When playing basketball, you can catch the ball and throw it if you have good coordination. on @ NUM1 people stay in touch with family and friends online. It's the greatest feeling when you talk to someone you haven't seen in a while because you know they still remember you. When you talk to people online, you get to know them better and they tell you things that they don't want others to know. Plus, when you meet them, you have more to say. What if you went to a place that you think is nice, but that turns out to be the worst place ever ? It would be terrible, but if you looked for it on the internet you would know the truth about it. Let's say you want to know someone famous, you search for them on the computer. There are a lot of educational things about the computer that can help you in your life. I agree with you on one thing. Society is losing its communication skills. Being on the computer all the time doesn't do anyone good. No one picks up the phone and calls their friends to talk. They distance themselves from everyone except their computer. We don't want society to stay that way. People who spend their day on the computer need a change. I think computers are an asset to the community. A lot of people think computers are messing things up, but they really aren't. Computers are good for learning about people and places. The question is: do you want people to refrain from using computers? Now is the time to decide, do you want us to use computers for further education or not?
Dear local newspaper, This world is filled with electronics. Nowadays, the computer is the latest hit. But even though it's popular, is it really the best item to have? Many children and even adults are hooked on the computer. It is to take their lives away. Every year, four in five people lose interest in going out to gamble. This is not how you should spend your life. We all want our kids to be active and healthy, not couch potatoes. Every day more and more children become addicted to computers. Now whenever a parent needs to punish or "ground" their child, they take the electronics away from them. What happened to them preventing them from going out with their friends or just playing outside? Another horrible conclusion that the computer brings to us is to separate ourselves from our loved ones. Kids are more worried about "@ CAPS1" or "@ CAPS2" or even trying to kill a dragon than spending time with their family. They would choose the computer over someone who has been in their life forever. This computer separates families. Now more and more families only spend time together when they have dinner together. In addition, rather than telling their parents about a problem, children go to websites such as "@ CAPS3" or "@ CAPS4.com". More and more people don't like to do certain things now because of the computer. Few people like to go out and enjoy nature. Some people no longer like to read because they prefer to play games. Some people don't even want to pick up the phone and call for pizza. In addition, people looking for a job no longer consult the newspaper; they go on the internet! The world revolves around electronics. We have to end this before our children or grandchildren start to twist and rely on the computer for everything. Do we really not want to destroy this world and lose the connection with our families? I say, improve life and get rid of computers !
I think computers are good because if you need to remember things all you have to do is watch emeil and they will remember what they have to do and that's also good if you are lost all you have to do is look at the map quickly. if you need to finish a school project, you can do it on the computer by searching the project website. your kid has nothing to do, he could play games including math games, @ CAPS1 games, and he could also look for jocks nock nock.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 all the talk on computers these days, I would agree with people who think it takes a lot longer. I hardly see people playing outside anymore because apparently computers are a lot more entertaining than being with your friends and family. Why do you think obesity is so high these days? Well there is one of the reasons and me @ CAPS5 when my parents were kids they didn't have computers and they went out to enjoy nature. Computers have their ups and downs, but I don't think society benefits society, the number one reason being that computers rob us of time to be with friends and family. I remember when Facebook and @ CAPS6 weren't created it was the time when people were doing fun things with their friends and family. there was a recent study that snowed from @ DATE1 to @ PERCENT1 of all Americans using computers more than @ NUM1 @ CAPS2 per day for all kinds of different reasons. I think computers were mostly invented to make sanity easier, but nowadays we only use them for social media. My second most important point as to why computers don't benefit us is that over the last few years @ NUM2 the obesity rate has increased by @ PERCENT3 and for what cause ? eating unhealthy foods and sitting in front of your computers all day without exercising. I'm pretty sure @ PERCENT2 that if people stopped using computers our world would be a healthier place. Don't you feel bad for those people who are stuck all their lives because of these habits ? I @ CAPS5, most people would feel bad. My last reason is we have this ahmazing planet that no one seems to appreciate anymore because they use computers all their time if only people would go out every once in a while they would realize that they have wasted time. there was a recent study that says @ PERCENT4 people are inside doing nothing all day ! it is more than half !! Hope that will change soon because computers have only created a shade for people and now it seems like no one has a type of life. @ CAPS1.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION3, In a hub led by @ ORGANIZATION2 (@ CAPS1) @ PERCENT1 @ ORGANIZATION1 people agreed that computers are an easier way to research than to go to a library. Over the past few years @ DATE1, the debate has grown more and more as to whether computers are of benefit to society or not. Today in America, more than @ PERCENT2 @ ORGANIZATION1 everyone owns a computer, according to @ ORGANIZATION1 is most definitely a benefit to today's society for the reasons that it enables better and easier global communications, make text and information more accessible to the public and enable the necessary technological advances. Communication is a vital part @ ORGANIZATION1 America and the world today. Communication is handled by the computer. @ CAPS3 computers provide better and faster communication. They are also much more reliable. In @ DATE2, if you wanted to speak with someone who is far away, you will have to send a letter. In addition to sending a letter, there are the risks that it will not succeed. it will be stolen by post and @ ORGANIZATION1 of course during the time it would take to get there. All @ CAPS3 are resolved in today's emails and instant messages (@ CAPS2), @ CAPS3 are reliable, cannot be stolen, and can travel the world in seconds. Computers are not only a means of communication, but also one of the most famous means of research @ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS4 Internet users should go to the library and run the risk @ ORGANIZATION1 that the book is not there or that the library be closed. Thanks to the Internet, all the @ ORGANIZATION1 information in the world is available @ NUM1. / Computers are also the first in today's technological advances. Computers allow us to have inventions that run autonomously, so human functioning is not necessary. this same technology saves lives every day and allows us to create better technology @ ORGANIZATION3. As you can see, computers are the greatest technology created in the @ DATE1 and enable faster and more reliable communication, are the largest library the world has ever known and enable @ ORGANIZATION1 to be created even more advanced technologies . Computers are an extreme benefit to society and a necessity in this era @ ORGANIZATION3.
Dear Editor, I think computers are @ CAPS1 for everyone. First of all, you can learn about places around the world with one click. Moreover, you can communicate with your friends and family. Finally, it greatly simplifies your life. Here are some reasons why you should buy a computer for your family. First of all, you can learn things that you didn't even know were real, in an instant. You can learn about ancient civilizations, different cultures, and different recipes for dinner tonight. you can also get help with schoolwork. If you need to know more about @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 from @ LOCATION1, just type it in. If you need to learn your multiplication table, you type it in and it will show up in seconds. Internet is @ CAPS1 to search for all kinds of things. Second, you can talk to your family members and friends over the internet. I have heard a lot of people say that people need to spend more time with their families. So, on the computer, you can talk to someone at @ LOCATION2, and everywhere else. It's like a pen pal, but you don't waste money buying envelopes and stamps to send a letter. computers cost a lot but it's worth it. You can do almost anything on the computer. Finally, if you have a computer, it makes your life easier. Instead of going to the library and buying a cookbook, you can grab some chicken recipes for dinner. Your computer will provide hundreds of different ways to cook @ CAPS1 chicken for dinner. You can tell a friend that you can't participate. Also, teaches you the homework you did. if you buy a computer, your life will be more relaxing. In conclusion, you should buy a computer. If you do, you will learn so much. It's like having a book with everything you need or want to know. That is why computers are good to have and to be on for a reasonable amount of time.
Dear, @ LOCATION1 @ CAPS1 I think computer usage is good, here are some reasons why? My number one reason is that you can find stuff online. My second reason is that you can have fun. My last reason is that you can make friends @ LOCATION1. I will write @ NUM1 paragraphs explaining my reasons. Going back to my introduction, my first reason was that you can find stuff online. If you can't find a job, you can go online and find some. If you want to go to college but don't have the time, you can take online classes. These are my coordinates to support my reason. My second reason was that computers are so fun. To me they are fun because when you are bored you can play games. If you are not a fan of the game, you can play servays. Or you can find out facts. This is how I can save my second reason. My third reason was that you can meet people @ LOCATION1. You can meet people @ LOCATION1 and search for them if you are trying to find an old friend. Or there are social networks like myspace, facebooks, twitter, etc. where you can meet people @ LOCATION1. Almost everyone would like to meet people from @ LOCATION1. To end this story my reason @ NUM2 was you can find stuff online, my second reason was you can have fun. My last reason was you can meet people @ LOCATION1.
I believe that computers did not have a positive effect on people during this time for some people that they really took charge of their lives. Many health problems arise in a generation full of computers. Plus, there's less time in your schedule for more important things when you're addicted to Facebook. Plus, the money will always be less when the computers arrive! Computers can really be dangerous for your health! For example, all this typing can lead to arthritis in the hands and fingers in the long run. Did you know that more seizures are induced by compexers than by epileptics? Dr @ LOCATION1 says “People don't cause obesity, computers do” @ CAPS1 also believes that the majority of obesity is caused by addiction to computer games. Have you ever been depressed rather than taken a long nature walk and felt good? Well, a lot of people are resting on their computers when they are down. Computers usually make things worse. When you're on Twitter, Facebook, Google, and You Tube all the time, it's hard to find time for even the most important things. For example, if you are a parent, your child might feel abandoned if you start to worry about the computer more than very little time spent together might cause them to drink alcohol or smoke. I never leave you with a computer like this! The computer can be a great way to relax, but it can also become addictive when you are addicted to sitting at a computer forgetting the beauty of nature ! Money can also contribute to addiction. For example, shopping addictions are a good way to spend money because it is so easy. All you need to do is enter a credit card number that gives you the illusion of not spending any money, until the bill arrives! Another thing is that kids websites like Webking which you have to pay for also have to pay for internet and electric bill. Clearly, computers only cause health problems, less time in your daily schedule and money in your pocket. For me, computers are just a problem in our lives.
Newspapers and readers, computers are a huge part of our lives and our society. However, there are still people who think computers hurt. In fact, computers have many positive effects on people. These effects include ease of communication, ease of gathering information, and ease of finding entertainment. Computers have more positive effects than negative effects. Computers have made communication easy for people. There are so many different ways to communicate using the computer, all of which are free. For example, instant messaging, video chat @ CAPS1-mail, chat rooms, @ CAPS2 (and other social networking sites) are all there and help you connect with your friends and family. The positive effect this has on people is that it allows them to stay in touch with people that they might not otherwise be able to due to financial issues or convenience. Being social is healthy for people and therefore communication is a positive effect of computers. Information is much easier to obtain when a computer is in use. For example, if a child needed to know the climate of @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4.S for their social studies project, instead of having to go into their moms, drive to the city library, passed time to find the book, he could just log into @ ORGANIZATION1 and go from there. It is a positive effect on him because it saves him time and effort. In addition, much more useful information can also be found on the internet, such as: flight times, prices, restaurants, stocks, weather, news and basically everything you need to know. All of these things make having a computer a very positive thing in someone's life. Computers are a great source of entertainment. In this economy, I know we could all benefit from not having to pay movie rental fees and big prices for your reviews or Playstation games. Internet games are a lot of fun, and you can find a lot of good games for free. On top of that, there are websites that offer free movies and TV shows to stream right to your computer. These things are a great solution to the growing loss of entertainment. Saving money and enjoying good entertainment are both positive effects on people and both provided by computers. I now hope that readers of this journal will now understand how good computers are.
To whomever @ MONTH1 is concerned, computers are good for society. They promote learning, coordination and even general well-being. It's true that computers @ MONTH1 are detrimental to a person's health, affecting the amount of exercise and interaction a person gets, but the positive effects of computers more than outweigh that. People learn a lot from what they know from the computer. Among an endless number of things a person can learn from them are definitions of new words, scientific theories, algebraic equations, history, law, a number of languages, and much more. . Computers, when used for learning, can teach people things that they @ MONTH1 learn in school, but in their spare time, computers exercise the brain and teach it to think beyond things. limits of "@ NUM1". They also teach the brain how to better orient the body to meet its needs. Coordination can be very difficult for some people, and it can be a problem. Without coordination, people would not be able to catch a ball, avoid certain dangers, or even stand up. To help improve this, people need practice. They can practice catching a ball, threading a needle, or using a computer. Using the mouse on a computer can aid hand-eye coordination by forcing the brain to point the mouse to a certain location on the screen in order to accomplish what needs to be done. At first this process @ MONTH1 is extremely slow, but over time as the brain trains for this coordination improves and the process speeds up @ CAPS1 the person will be able to use the computer faster. and more efficiently. It will help them play games, learn or even help people when they need it. Helping people is very important in our time. This is why it is important that people are informed of the news quickly so that they can help. Computers allow it. For example, on the day of the deadly earthquake at @ LOCATION1, most people around the world discovered it within an hour from computers. News sites running her social networking sites like @ CAPS2 have talked about it, and people have been talking about it online. This rapid spread of news saved many lives at @ LOCATION1 as people immediately gave up on what they were doing and rushed to help. Computers affect people in that they help send news and stories that make them want to help people. Many websites are also adept at donating money while playing a game. For example, www.freenke.org is a site that donates @ NUM2 grains of rice for every question answered correctly, and they did donation of @ NUM3 @ CAPS3 grains of rice. Obviously, computers and sites like these must have a positive effect on the world. All in all, one would think that computers have a primarily positive effect on the world. Despite the limitation of exercise, they encourage learning and exercise of the brain. Computers also help people coordinate, which is very important. Finally, computers promote a world where people want to help each other and a world where people keep up to date with the news whether they want to or not. Thank you, editor, for taking into account my perspective on the positive effects of computers on the world.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 are people benefiting from using computers. Some say that using computers instead of exercising and being outdoors is a bad thing. Personally, I believe that the use of computer technology is a good thing. Computers teach hand-eye coordination, help people learn, and allow people to communicate with others. Computer use teaches hand-eye coordination and reaction time. Some say it's better to be outdoors and exercise than using a computer, but many computer games help with hand-eye coordination. Change computer games more and more, the time it takes for you to react to the game you are playing and press the mouse button is very important. These skills could help you in the activities you are involved in and in everyday life, personally I play @ CAPS3 @ NUM1 a lot, a computer game system. @ CAPS3 has helped hand-eye coordination a lot and it has been shown in all four sports I play. Obviously, computers can be very helpful and can help your hand-eye coordination. Computers can also help people learn in several ways. There is a lot of content on the internet that just can't be in school. The ability to learn about foreign countries is an important part of learning as a student. I use the Internet almost every night to type in my papers and find the information I need. It helped someone as a student. Plus, typing papers on computers is becoming the new @ CAPS4 of handwriting. Teachers are starting to demand that schoolwork be typed on a computer and printed. Documents can be saved so that they are not lost like a handwritten hard copy. While many think that using a computer is a waste of time, it can also help you stay organized. A lot of people have calendars on their computers that send you reminders about your schedule. Your computer is also the place where your data like music and pictures can be saved. Computers are also very useful for learning and organization purposes. We can communicate with others using computers. People use computer technology to communicate every day through @ CAPS5, @ CAPS6 and I-chat. If I need to know what our homework is or when I'm practicing, I use my computer to ask someone for the answer. Before I started communicating with my computer, it was much more difficult to talk to others. Although many do not agree with the use of computer technology, computers are often the medium of communication with foreign countries. When something is going on overseas, the first way we find out is with a computer. It is essential for us to use computers to communicate with other nations. It is clear that computers are important for communication purposes, we must continue to use computers for multiple reasons. Although many disagree with the use of computers, manual, communication and learning goals are very important. Without computer technology, we would operate very differently. It is up to you to continue to use the computers.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, don't you think computers help society? I firmly believe that computers help society and are used for very good purposes. They help people of all ages. It makes it easier for kids to search for information on @ CAPS3, gives kids good facts to help learn knowledge and not only would it help kids but it would help adults too. It's easy to see why adults think kids don't read enough, but kids read more than enough on the computer. some parents think that just because children don't go to the library to pick up a book for their report, they don't gain knowledge, but they gain knowledge because all the things they might look for in a library are available on the computer. Computers help children around the world find things quickly and easily. Not only does the computer give them knowledge of things that happened in the past, but also of things that are happening in the present day. It can also give children information like weather updates that help them stay safe. More of @ PERCENT1 of the things you can find in the library, you can find them on the computer. Some parents think that children do not get enough exercise, but nevertheless, they also skip over a lot of important knowledge and facts. On the computer you learn a lot of facts such as updates on natural disasters, how to help others in need and other very important facts. If it weren't for computers, children would not make up for all the knowledge they lack in school. on making up for what they miss when they are dosed. Computers are helping people everywhere to gain knowledge. Computers not only have helped children, but they also help adults. They can work on the computer, look at houses, cars, and many other important things. Definitely @ CAPS1, you wouldn't want to take away all the knowledge and help from kids and sexy adults on the computer. It helps adults, in particular, to get things done in their lower life. It also helps make changes such as the way they eat or act @ CAPS4 are reasons Penale shouldn't frown on computers as they help kids with @ CAPS3, give kids important facts and help people from all ages. Rarely would some facts about @ CAPS4 help change,
Computers certainly have a positive impact on society. They help organize your thoughts, which is stressful. Thus, they contain many inspiring articles which can convince children to strive for the surless. Finally, when all else fails, the computer can be a great way to relax and clear your mind. Computers help organize your thoughts, which helps reduce stress. Imagine that you are working on a project at school. Anyone can add to it, and you can selectively choose which additions you want. Additionally, you @ MONTH1 also block unwanted programs. This device is called the computer, and it changed the company from @ LOCATION1 for the better. On average, @ NUM1 on @ NUM2 @ CAPS1 suffer from stress. Now if you organize your thoughts on the computer and are able to go through them again, why such a huge relief. Instead of worrying about thoughts that you @ MONTH1 or @ MONTH1 don't remember, you now have the confidence that you can look back and find your thoughts directly on your @ CAPS2. Reduction of commercial stress with an effect of confidence on the company. In addition, the computer contains articles that @ MONTH1 ensure our children are struggling to reach their goals. After the child has read an article @ PERSON1, @ ORGANIZATION1 book. As @ NUM3 using @ PERSON1 also at school. By games, I've been watching how @ CAPS3 since I started seeing @ PERSON1 as a role model for me, taking a big step for a @ CAPS4.O @ CAPS5. Where does this inspiration come from? Search @ PERSON1 on the Internet. The internet, in this case, has obviously had a positive impact on society @ CAPS6. Finally, when all else fails, you can rely on the computer to make stressful situations less overwhelming. If you have the ability to solve a problem, why can't you solve it? Often the answer to this question is that the situation is too overwhelming. If you take a break go ahead @ MONTH1 relax simple games have a variety of websites. Now let's say you've come back and attack the problem again. You continuously munch on it and it feels overwhelming. Thank you computer gods! The computer, in this case, had a positive impact on society @ CAPS6. As you can see, computers have a strong and positive impact on society @ CAPS6.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1 editor, in my opinion, I think people spend too much time on tech because there are a lot of people I know who stay on tech and don't even work. Also, spending too much time on computers and other things, then taking the time to exercise, enjoy nature, and interact with family and friends. People who stay too close to technology will be addicted to it and they will start killing brain cells. Sometimes people get stuck because too much information got leaked or you did something you weren't supposed to do. Downloading some things also causes damage to your computer like viruses which can crash hard drive and computer system. There are a lot of good and bad things about being on a computer like the bad things that are stalkers, hackers, foreclosures, blindness. Then, the benefit of being on a computer is that it teaches hand-eye coordination, gives people the opportunity to learn about faraway places and people, and even allows people to chat online with. others like friends or family. In my life, it helps me a bit because I play a lot of games in the army, so when I go out with my cousins and my friends, we'll make labels in a sports complex and I use the same tactics I'm learning to beat other teams. It hurts some people when all they are doing is stepping directly on the screen. experience was like there @ NUM1 months the last time I stayed with my aunt, all my cousins were doing was to stay with me until they need to take a bath, clean and eat, they didn't even go to sleep until eight o'clock on @ TIME1. Some parents should give at least an hour a day to say that he is playing. For me, I only go to the computer for about twenty minutes, then log in and log back in later in the day.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 is called @ PERSON1 and I will talk about the wonderful impact computer technology has had on mankind. So many great discoveries and great topics have been found on the computer, students have shown that <@ PERCENT1 @ NUM1> of famous people in the United States have at least one computer in their home. There is a great way to search for important information without going to and without searching for hours, to contract other people, and let's face it, they make our life a lot easier. Imagine that! you are stressed and nervous, you only have NUM2 hours to research a topic on your next story essay. You have a headache and just want to stop, you are probably in the library reading hundreds of books. Now imagine that you are at home lying on your knees, all it takes is a few taps on your keyboard and bang! Instant information. How easy was that is one of the big impacts the computer has had on us humanity. Computers are great for learning things quickly. Personally I have used computers for @ CAPS2 advantage, you log in, go to google type in subject of knowledge and it is like having a personal teacher in your own house. A local study is underway to have a group, @ CAPS6 A who has a library full of books and @ CAPS6 @ CAPS3 a @ CAPS6 with a @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5, The scientist gave them all the same tests, @ CAPS6 @ CAPS3 <@ PERCENT1 @ NUM3> some students succeeded with ruffles while @ CAPS6 A <@ PERCENT1 @ NUM4> succeeded with a @ CAPS9 or higher. This is important because higher scores mean higher test scores. higher test scores equal fundimg. I think computers are the best invention and don't stop humans from evolving them. Imagine that! you are sitting at home crying because your special other has moved away from you and computers are a great way to reconnect with that person. Computers have software in which you can instant message, send e-mail, or even video chat with that person. Even for some businessmen it is a way to have meetings without flying NUM5 miles. I have @ NUM2 aunts that I can't live without who are a solid foundation @ CAPS2 that I can't live with without talking for a day. Without computers, I don't know what I would do. The science tool says that @ PERCENT1 at @ CAPS10.SA has family in other states, countries, or even content, it must have some way to be in touch. @ CAPS2 The last reason is I know we have to admit that computers have made my life easier. Some jobs that have opened up give citizens without a scholarship a source of income on computers. <@ PERCENT1 @ NUM1> jobs relayed to computers. Imagine a hunter counting all the money, a banker having to take the time to count other people's money one by one, a telemarketer calling without any means of information. All of these ways and more that computers have affected us. Now let's see how computers didn't need our ability to learn, to contract others, and last but not least, made your life and me better. Computers are a great way for humans to adapt to fast-paced life.
Dear local newspaper, I think the computer has a positive effect on people. It helps students with their projects, helps people discover other places, @ CAPS1 it helps you find information on something you didn't know. @ NUM1 % of all teachers donate IT projects. Most reading teachers will have you read a book and then type an essay or review on your book. Most teachers prefer the typed rather than the unwritten essay. By giving this assignment, the teacher gives the student the opportunity to explore outside of permanent writing. And I think other students would agree with me, @ CAPS2 better type the essay than write it ! Is there a place that you really want to learn more about, that you hope to someday visit? Well you can still use the computer to find out more about the place. You can use the computer to find out when is the best time to visit this place. @ CAPS1 if you've just heard on the news about a traditional accident like the earthquake at @ LOCATION1, and want to stay in touch with what's going on there, you can use the computer. The computer will keep you informed of what is happening there every day. I'm sure almost everyone has read a book and stumbled upon a word they didn't know or a student had spelled words they didn't know what the words meant. Well, you can use the computer to search for the words. The computer will give you the full definition and how to pronounce the word. Computers @ CAPS1 will help you find all the information you need @ MONTH1, "ET @ CAPS3!" In conclusion, computers aren't just something kids play with all day.
Dear @ CAPS1, I have the impression that computers have a good effect on people. Throughout these next few paragraphs, I'll give you all of my reasons for the things computers help people do. I'll talk about how computers give people good typing skills, how they give people information, and how they allow us to socialize. Today, over ninety-four percent of people who own a computer ad feel they've learned a lot from it. I bet you didn't know that! First of all, I'll tell you how computers help people type. The @ CAPS2 on a computer does not go alphabetically. This means that you need to practice more to improve your hitting. I remember the first time I tried using the @ CAPS2 it was difficult but as I tried more I got better. Once I got better I realize where the keys were and soon I don't even need to search for the computer and all of its parts are helping people by teaching them the skills they @ MONTH1 used in the . These @ MONTH1 skills are necessary in their field of employment. Computers are useful devices. The next thing I'm going to tell you about is how computers have useful information and where a child works knows a lot about it. He owns information and has a website when they are on the Internet. The computer. My last reason computers have a good effect. If you need to talk to a friend but don't feel like calling them, you can just go to a website and chat with them. There are so many that you can't choose! Did you know what they are over a million of these types of websites ? There is @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 to name a few. It also gives people the chance to socialize with people from all over the world. In turn, this causes people to have better social skills. Maybe they will become friendly and more outgoing. It's all because of one little thing and that little thing is the computer! So, as you can see, computers have many wonderful effects on people. They help people type better, give out a lot of information people want to know, and learn better social skills. You can't just learn and I don't know, I can't get a clear enough picture of it in my mind. Thanks for reading this and taking I say information.
I think the computer shaped @ LOCATION1 to what it is today. The computer helps people learn, gives them a hobby, and it can all be handled within a certain period of time so that you still have time to go out. Computers help everyone learn. This makes it easier to type in trials because you can type them faster and make edits more easily. Also, it is cheaper to buy a computer and go on the internet and search for foreign countries and then go there. Another example is that a computer teaches you hand-eye coordination by typing and using the mouse. Finally, computers can teach you life lessons by reading articles written by another person. Computers give bored people hobbies. For example, you can play computer games on a rainy day or when you cannot go out. Besides, you can talk to your friends through facebook or aim. Another example is that you can talk to a distant family in another country using programs like Skype. Finally, you can order things online instead of wasting gas and going to the store and things you might order that you can play with outside. A lot of people say that computers keep kids indoors don't know there are ways to prevent this. One example is that you can use shutdown timers that prevent anyone from going on the computer for too long. In addition, many people learn to manage their time on the computer. Another example is that parents can set rules that prohibit their children from playing computer games on certain days and / or hours. Finally, you can keep the computers in the family room so that the kids don't play with them all night in their bedroom. These are just a few of the many reasons the computer helps @ CAPS1. They help us to learn, to pass the time, and everything can be managed for a while. As you read this, I hope you think computers are benefiting society.
Dear @ CAPS1, in many ways computers are useful, but I can't stand using them. Advances in technology have really taken the lives of people all over the world, some examples are lack of exercise, too much time indoors, and not enough time spent with family and friends. Read on to find out more because urban computers do not benefit society. As you know, when you use a computer, you usually sit in a chair to do it, right ? Well, this activity only does one thing, not to keep you healthy or in shape. I'm sure you want to be healthy, and in order to be healthy you have to do some sort of exercise throughout your day, and sitting on the computer doesn't help you at all. So as you can clearly see, so far the use of computers is not beneficial to our society, continue for more inconvenience in using computers as much as they are used. Believe it or not, using a computer is unhealthy and not beneficial in more than one way. The reason is that not only are you not getting enough exercise, but you will not be getting outside as much. you @ MONTH1 wondering why the outdoors isn't unhealthy, but that's because you're not getting the necessary amount of fresh air that you need so that you don't get sick. Can you imagine the number of people who would be sick if everyone used the computer for the most part of their day ? Well, let's just say it wouldn't be fun to count them all. Now that you know the two reasons why computers are not good for society. Read on to rest. As you probably know, keeping a large family close to each other is a difficult task, and using computers is not going to help. So why use them? Believe me, spending quality time with your family and friends can be just as much, if not more fun than playing your favorite computer games, and in my opinion, your family should be the most precious thing in your life, so don't lose it for a computer. Now that you've finished reading. I want to thank you for your time reading this letter regarding, lack of exercise, too much time indoors and not enough time with family is not beneficial to society.
Dear @ CAPS1, I believe computers are one of the most useful things we can have. First, computers are good at communicating. Students @ MONTH1 contact teachers by email if they have a question about an assignment. Computers are also useful for teaching. People use @ CAPS2 every day to get information about their favorite sports teams or a new recipe seen on TV. Finally, computers help us work more easily. Students and employees use @ ORGANIZATION1 for everything from writing an article to creating a presentation. In addition, computers are extremely essential in our daily life as they help us communicate, learn and complete work. Every year, thousands of students go to university and thousands of families move away from each other. Computers are a means of communicating with those close to @ CAPS8 in remote locations. Parents send e-mail messages to their kids in middle school. Families talk to each other via @ CAPS3. Computers are what make this all possible. Not only can we use computers to get in touch with our families, but we can also use them to talk with our teachers. Whenever a student is sick, but wants to finish their homework, they check their teacher's website. Here, all the homework for the class is listed. In addition, if a student has a homework assignment to deliver the @ DATE1, but their printer is out of order, they @ MONTH1 email the paper to the teacher. This allows the student to get full credit for their work. Email is not only useful for submitting projects, but also for asking questions about assignments. If a student has a question about an assignment, they can ask a friend or the teacher. Then the student will be able to complete the project. Computers are one of the most useful ways to make contact today, but communication is not the only goal of the computer. The average person uses the @ CAPS2 ten times per @ DATE1 just to get information. Computers provide a plethora of knowledge for people to use. Search engines like @ ORGANIZATION3 or Yahoo provide answers in less than a second. It's much faster than going into the library and spending an hour looking for it. The website text is not all that provides information to very avid learners. @ CAPS5 also provides images to deepen people's understanding of a topic. For example, if a person lives at @ LOCATION1 and has lived there their entire life, but reads an article on a website about an animal from @ LOCATION2, they wouldn't know how to imagine it in their head. The @ MONTH1 articles and books provide a description, but nothing really gives the person a solid picture. The person could go online and search for a picture, which they are sure to find. Finally, computers keep the brain active. When researching a website, a person can put together information from different sites to create a better picture and, as a result, have a more complete and in-depth understanding. To do this, however, a person's brain must be constantly working. This helps develop skills later, such as problem solving. Overall, computers are one of the most useful and common learning devices. Many people say that computers are useful. They agree that the job gets done so much easier and faster on a computer. on average, computers do the job fifty times more efficiently than people do by hand. Indeed, programs such as @ CAPS6, @ CAPS7 and @ ORGANIZATION2 @ ORGANIZATION2 @ CAPS8 allow users to correct spelling and grammar errors while creating a neat presentation. Studies show that @ PERCENT1 of people with poor spelling or grammar habits quickly corrected @ CAPS8 errors via @ ORGANIZATION2 and @ CAPS6. If people consistently make grammar or spelling mistakes, highlighting them in @ CAPS6 will show them that this is not the correct way to punctuate or spell something in a sentence.
Dear @ CAPS1, computers can have a positive or negative effect on people. It all depends on how you look at it and what kind of person you are. You can say that computers have a very positive effect on people, or you can say that computers have a very negative effect on people. My opinion is that computers have a positive effect on people, but you can't say I'm just a kid and she plays at it all the time. Well that's true, but it can teach you hand-eye coordination. For @ CAPS2, what I'm doing right now is learning to type faster and faster. Another @ CAPS2 is that some people are faster to type than to write, but some people write faster than to type. Personally, I am faster than writing. My last reason is that after a hard day at school or at work, you can come home, play some music, and relax. It's a good idea to learn to type quickly, so if so let's say you're writing a story for school. You've just started the story and it's scheduled for tomorrow. What are you going to do if you started typing when you were younger by the time you were in college, you might be typing really fast. That way, you could finish your story on time. This means that you should learn to type faster. Some people prefer to write than to type, but others prefer to type than to write. Personally, I'd rather type than write, but that's just me. Let's say a friend of mine enjoys writing more than typing, that's good. We won't be friends after that, we'll just love the same that's all. This means that some people prefer to write than to type. This probably happens after a hard day at school or at work, you can come home using the computer to play music and relax. You can play all the music you want. Besides doing other things at the same time. For @ CAPS2, I play music and talk to my friends at the same time. I @ CAPS3 use it for my homework. In conclusion, it's a good idea to keep computers out of use. People can still enjoy nature and computers at the same time. Overall, computers have a positive effect on people.
What I think about computers that benefit our community is great. Technology has advanced a lot over the years. The most important is the computer. Most schools have computers. The reason is that it benefits society. They are a huge saving on paper. You also learn more about the place @ CAPS1 no matter what. These are the reasons why we need computers. Computers benefit our community by saving paper. It also makes our work more polished. We can talk to friends and family. The main reason is that it gives more jobs to computer technicians, people need more jobs. say The mayor has to send an important message about water pollution, he can do it by email. The main thing in our society today is to go green. The only way to do this is to switch to computers. We have to cut down so many trees just to give each child in the class @ NUM1 paper. Adults need to understand that we need to save paper. Now I know what you think of what we need to print something. My response is you can just email it to a teacher friend or any other organization. Children today need to learn more about other cultures. We need to know what is in the economy. The fast we could do is the Internet. It is so much faster than going through thousands of books. All you have to do is type in the spot you want and there it is. There are many advantages to having a computer, my last reason is that it also gives you excellent coordination. And if you want to be an atheist, you need a lot. How the computer gives you hand-to-hand coordination is by typing and moving the mouse. The best way is to play lots of educational video games. With all the facts and statements I gave you like enjoying the community, going green and also learning about other places. Please when you write your article forward and listen to my facts.
Dear city paper @ CAPS1, I should choose to be for computers. There are many reasons why I am for computers and they can talk to friends online, be able to learn things, and you can play video games as well. One of the reasons I would be for computers is that you can talk to friends online. So if you have a facebook or a myspace you can talk to your friends all day if you want. What I mean is just typing what you want to say to your friend, they will receive those exact words and then they will respond. For example, if you just wanted to say hello, your friend would look at their messages and then respond. So being able to talk to friends online is an example of why I prefer computers. Another reason I would be all for computers is to be able to learn things. So if you wanted to learn a language, you would go to Google or something and try to find a site quick and easy. What I mean is if you go to google a whole bunch of sites will show up so what you want to do is find the fastest and easiest site for you. So being able to learn important things like a language is another reason I am for computers. The last reason I choose computers is that you can play video games. What I mean is if you were rimmed and no one to talk to, you could get on your computer and play a mind-numbing game or educational game for the class. For example, in science class we played a computer game and it had to do with gravity and that was what we were learning, so it was an educational game. So that's the last reason I'm for computers. I am for the computer because you can play games. So now you know why I'm all for computers. I'm for computers because you can talk to friends online, learn things, and play video games.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, I understand that there is a big discussion going on about whether computers have a positive effect on people. I believe computers don't have a positive effect on people because kids on computers are not safe, they spend too much time on the computer, and programs and internet for the computer cost too much silver. First, computers have a negative effect on people, including chickens, because computers are not secure. With all this @ ORGANIZATION1 technology, child predators can go to Facebook or another website and find out all about you. It has happened to a lot of people. A predator went to my friend @ PERSON2's facebook page and found out about his birthday, where he lived and what school he went to. This guy sent @ PERSON2 a threat saying something was going to happen to him. Fortunately, with the help of the police, they were able to find this guy and arrest him before he got to @ PERSON2. Nowadays, this happens all the time. More of @ PERCENT1 from @ CAPS3 are giving all their info about it on these websites and child predators have reviewed them. @ PERSON1 states that "@ CAPS1 this @ ORGANIZATION1 technology has helped, but the negativity has had on the company but @ DR1 the good the computer does." @ CAPS2 @ ORGANIZATION1, do you want @ CAPS3 to get caught by these child predators who know everything they need to know thanks to the computer ? Another reason computers have had a negative effect on people is that @ CAPS3 spends too much time on the computer and not enough time doing homework and exercising outdoors. Those @ ORGANIZATION1 websites that give @ CAPS3 the ability to talk with friends and play games have made @ CAPS3 lazy and addicted to the computer. My friend, when he was little, played outside for hours and hours. He played all kinds of sports with his neighbor. Now @ PERSON3 is older and all he does is sit at the computer until his parents force him to leave the computer for dinner time. @ PERSON3's grades went down drastically and he got very chubby compared to what he looked like. Statistics show that more than @ PERCENT2 than @ CAPS3 gained weight because they did not exercise and their grades dropped by @ NUM1 on the @ NUM2 rating scale. Dr @ DR1 Much says "@ CAPS3 has forgotten the fun of playing outdoors and has lost his determination to do well in school. It is all down to these computers @ ORGANIZATION1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 can now access any website. anything on that website. " @ LOCATION1 @ ORGANIZATION1, do you want your @ CAPS3 to gain weight and stop doing well at school ? Finally, computers have had a negative effect on society because of the money. Many families spent thousands of thousands of dollars to buy the computers and @ CAPS1 fixed them. These @ ORGANIZATION1 computers are very expensive. They range from @ MONEY3 @ NUM3 for a computer @ CAPS4. Then each family had to buy the software and programs to go with the computer. A close family friend just bought a computer. They bought a @ CAPS5 which costs @ MONEY2, on top of that they spent @ MONEY3 on all the programs they needed for the computer. This family cannot afford these computers, but they think they need them. @ CAPS2, they went to college fund for money. Now their child has to go to a cheap school @ CAPS2, their family will not go. Statistics show that @ PERCENT3 families have wasted their college money on computers because the family thinks they need a computer. Dr @ DR2 @ CAPS6, “ Families don't need computers, but they waste their education money on them. @ CAPS2 @ ORGANIZATION1 do you think that the money of a university fund is worth a computer ? .
Dear @ CAPS1, A recent study by scientists shows that sitting too much, especially in front of computers, is dangerous for your health. This is only one of the reasons why I believe that, while useful, computers are not entirely beneficial to our society. It prevents us from exercising, interacting with nature, and spending time with family and friends. Exercise, as we all know, is necessary to stay fit and healthy. But how is that possible with some people who go to work every day and stay locked in their desks in front of their computers all day. Too much computer time, even for children, can lead to obesity and overweight. Also, as I mentioned before scientists concluded the question, too much sitting is bad for you. This is not how the body was designed to function. If you've seen Wave, one of @ ORGANIZATION1's most recent movies, it's easy. The humans in this movie, after relying on computers for so long, became obese and fat and had no muscle. It sure is, but minor visions of it are circulating around the world. Going out instead of sitting in front of a computer is a sure way to be healthy. The next thing that computers limit us to is our ability to experience nature. Even simulations are not enough. If you wanted to see a frog or some other animal can't just @ ORGANIZATION2 look for it in the real world. Developing a connection to nature can really empower the use of what is and what is wrong. Instead of exploring a computer, explore the world as we know it until it's too old. Learn how to do something by. Instead of hiring someone to win, do it yourself. Do it to learn it, sit down on a computer website to hire someone ! Get up and get out! As you become more dependent on your computer, you become less dependent on your family and friends. This causes a lift between family members. Your family may not be able to help you when you need it. If you are an adult and you use the computer all the time for other than work, then you are not supporting your family, you have no income, no life and no future. Why would anyone do this to themselves? Imagine this! : You have nothing other than your laptop. You are one, secure, and have family connections. No one wants to be that kind of loser living on the streets! You have no one and nothing but your computer, and you've wasted your life. Too much time on your computer means everyone is suffering. In short, computers maybe, but every cloud has a dark liner. Computers prevent us from exercising, interacting with nature, and being with our families. So get outside!
Imagine a world without computer chaos in wartime, even the clutter on your desk. The conversation you are having with your best friend about the goal would not take place. The report on @ LOCATION1 might not be done because all the books have been checked out, in fact we wouldn't have a noble or space program without computers. I know this happened, I wouldn't be happy. Compaines is almost tech-savvy, you can't just send a letter and have @ CAPS2 in the office in five minutes. Communication by computer is very popular. @ PERCENT1 of the world uses objective or other discussion service, in a study by a professor @ CAPS1 @ NUM1 on each student does not speak to their family on objective service a quote from the professor said "@ CAPS2 this is a good thing to keep in touch with their families as well as to keep abreast of current events. @ CAPS5 computers are washed away, information is gone. Everything is lost in a pile of papers. @ DATE1 time my computers crashed and that I had a due report but all the books were gone. This report was made @ DATE1 when they were corrected. Now, thanks to the new, more organized @ CAPS3 @ PERCENT2 computer, a nasa is running on mars. NASA is working entirely by computers. Look what they gave us today. @ PERCENT3 of all household aplienses are from nasa work. A nasa comment implies @ PERSON1 "@ CAPS4 would not be a car or u n phone without use, their calculations. "@ CAPS5 it's true are they also going to take cars and phones. We need you people to kill. The people who made this country what @ CAPS2 is dicide think we shouldn't have computers. I don't and you should.
Dear Local Newspaper, Computers have a lot of impact on people. Some effects are that it takes away from family and friends, you don't really have a social life, and you don't exercise enough. Computers take time away from friends and family. I did an interview yesterday with @ PERSON1; and I asked "@ CAPS1 you are going to see your grandmother's house, what do you usually do ?" @ CAPS2 said, "I usually use the computer." @ CAPS3 do you want to use the computer while you are theirs ? you are with your family, you are supposed to spend time with them. Play a game like Monopoly or play @ CAPS4. They are fun and great ways to interact with your family. If your family member doesn't have these games, bring them! People think it's because there is facebook, lens, email, and myspace that you interact with your friends. You really are not. I asked my friend @ PERSON3 what @ CAPS2 thought of these things and @ CAPS2 said "These are great interactive websites." They really aren't. These are websites on the computer. While you're on the computer, you don't really socialize. Your city organizes activities or has a fun place that you could too. Your city @ MONTH1 has a gymnasium, community center or library. Go ahead and hang out with friends, interact with them. Going to school, going to the library, and hanging out with friends are all great ways to interact with people. People don't think of @ CAPS1 when you are sitting on your computer chair and @ CAPS5. While you are sitting in the chair you are not exercising, @ CAPS1 you are keeping @ CAPS5 your weight gain. You could get bigger @ CAPS1 by stuffing your face with cheezitz and not exercising I asked @ PERSON2 a question that was what do you do while you are on the computer? @ CAPS2 said "I'm eating .." @ CAPS5 isn't bad, but @ CAPS1 you don't really care about eating more than you need. Your city has sports leagues such as @ CAPS6, softball and baseball. Join a team instead of playing on the computer and @ CAPS5. Get @ CAPS7 ! Computers are not the most important things in the world. You don't stay in shape with them, you're not very social, and you don't really spend time with your family. Computers don't really help you grow and mature for the future.
@ ORGANIZATION1, Computer use by family has increased dramatically over the past @ NUM1 years. At the same time, people get fat and need more exercise. If you use the computer, it may break or not work properly. Computers are a big waste of time and a bigger waste of money. Over the past @ NUM1 years many @ MONTH1 people have gained a lot of weight. They don't do regular activities like going to the supermarket because you can shop online. Studies show that if you go to the supermarket or a store, you may be less fat than if you shop online. Another reason computers don't give you exercise is because of Google. If you want to see a photo of a beautiful mountain, you can just go to Google and type it in. It's a much easier way to view sites, but if you walk you can burn up to @ NUM3 times more calories than if you look on google. Another reason computers don't give you exercise is that you can get addicted to a game. Let's say you have a basketball practice at @ NUM1: 00pm. If you go to the computer at @ NUM5, you could easily get hooked on a game and forget you have practiced. You would be stuck on your computer mindlessly typing a way on a computer game that nowhere in life helps you. When you're not going to workout, you won't sweat, so you won't gain extra weight. Scientists say if you actually play sports you can lose weight up to @ PERCENT1 so if you don't. Before there, computer life was simple, no student forgot their homework. But now they are using their computers, a lot can go wrong. First, the printer can break. @ CAPS1 year, my printer stopped working @ NUM1 times, so I couldn't do my homework. My teacher said that forgetting my homework affected my grade by more than @ PERCENT2. Another reason that handwriting is more convenient is that you are able to write during the school year @ CAPS1 with my teacher @ PERSON1 I had to write a prompt. She told me to go to the computer lab and type it in, but all the computers were taken. When I came down the stairs she told me I had to write it down so I got a @ NUM7 because she couldn't read what I wrote. All the other kids got an @ NUM8 or higher, but since I wasn't used to writing it, it affected my grade. Another reason computers are inconvenient is when you need to do your research. My parents got rid of our books a long time ago because of the computers. So one day, when I was home alone, I had to search the computer for euthonizing dogs, but there was a power failure. I couldn't host my @ ORGANIZATION1 science events so I got an @ NUM9 on it. This grade lowered my average from an a + to an a-. The only reason I got a bad grade was because I was dependent on the computer for research and it let me down. If I had better handwriting, I would have had a better grade. The last reason computers do not benefit society is that they are a waste of money. Most computers cost up to @ MONEY1 for the computer and installation. There is no need for them because anything that computers have in a library can give. The library has books so you can research with books instead of computers. In my home, all @ NUM7 people in my family have a computer, but @ NUM11 computers are used once a week. They are extremely expensive and you don't need them. Also my dad works in a computer store and he says the IT people are overloading @ PERCENT3. With this @ MONEY2 supplement, you can buy many books and magazines instead of a computer. This is why computers are not useful. People don't exercise, so they gain @ PERCENT1 more weight. It is much less convenient than writing by hand. Finally, they are a big waste of money. The decades without computers were much more useful and everyone lived happier lives.
Dear @ CITY1 @ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS1 if I was with or against people using computers. But I thought about it, I decided that I was against the use of computers. For the same reasons, security shuts down education, sites that are not appropriate to view. I know a lot of people @ MONTH1 think that using a computer is not safe. Well, even if you are not talking to someone in person and only on the computer, what you are doing on the computer is not safe. The reason is that most of the time it would be thirty years old and we look like @ NUM1, @ DATE1 and I am using these ages because kids are the age of man on @ CAPS2 myspace, but it can being thirty and we're like @ NUM1 - @ DATE1 and we not knowing he's coming to myspace or @ CAPS2 put another young pic up there, did we start thinking about meeting him and something had happened. For example my friend who was on myspace was talking to a 41 year old and then they met but she didn't know her age and she got hit. Not everyone is true on the computer. Education is very important even for adults and children. Bieng on the computer is not going to bring if the education will bring down. The reason this is the most @ DATE1 threw @ NUM3 to come home from school, put a crochet bag in there, eat, then do straight to myspace, @ CAPS2, @ CAPS5 instead of studying, reading, to do their homework. Even though these websites help you learn, but only for myspace, read the posts on @ CAPS2, watch people's comments on @ CAPS5. Like for example, I would go and instead of learning new things, I'm good and learning new information. Learning brings success, a computer brings failure. There is not much I can say about sites that are not appropriate all I can say is look at what you are watching and see on myspace because you might just go into something you don't assume, like a rape that took place. Be careful.
Dear @ CAPS1, "@ CAPS2 to @ CAPS3 killed in horrible acid" is the title flashing on the screen. Then another, and another. What is supposed to be @ NUM1 minutes turns into an hour or two that robs you of your family. I can see why this @ MONTH1 causes so many conflicts ; because computers can be very useful. However, I have the impression that more often they have a negative impact on the general public. On the one hand, there are many sites that present false information. Plus, computers are starting to consume the rest of people's lives. When it comes to these tech devices, there are pros, but the cons can easily outweigh them. For starters, computers are loaded with viruses, scams and internet predators. So easily, someone can steal credit and information by placing offers that sound " too good to be true ". @ CAPS4 you listen to your gut, then you will know they are. But, many people who don't know any better fall into these traps. In fact, @ NUM2 on @ NUM3 people have been scammed in their lifetime, I clearly remember someone when. I know they thought they were buying a pair of boots. Later that day, they received a call from the credit card company advising them of the purchase. Nowadays, you have to be very careful when you are on computers. When my friends and I learned to rate websites being computer processed, we came across a site that seemed reliable and accurate. We were all shocked to learn that it was all wrong. Computers can endanger people who @ MONTH1 don't know better. I strongly believe that sites like these and many others are having a negative impact on audiences. furthermore, computers steal a great deal of people's time to the point where family “ homework and exercise is limited ”. I can understand the effects of too much exposure to computers because I see it everyday with my younger brother. Once he starts his interactive video games, the homework is put aside. The only words out of her mouth are : "@ CAPS5, just one more game !" I guess you can deduce how it goes: one match, two rounds and so on. It's not just the kids either. Lots of my own friends update the status or photos on @ CAPS6 for three hours every night. Isn't that a point where we can draw the line. between continuing for ten minutes and letting the computer control your life? In the survey, the majority of students said they spent at least two hours on the computer each night. When games and instant messaging start to get in the way of study and exercise, there is a huge problem. Computers rob people of their free time and can negatively impact their grades and fitness. So, I ask you to consider the advantages of computers; but also look for the negative effects. You will find that there are more than you might think. Support me on this point by limiting the use of computers and helping the public see the dangers that these technological devices bring @ MONTH1. Computers can damage relationships, finances, and your personal life more than you think!
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 well @ CAPS1 many others, I believe computers are not only good, but beneficial. Computers are advancing our world little by little every day. We all use them for communication, entertainment and knowledge. Computers are like people who have fun doing and things to learn. Computers are beneficial for everyone in the world. Computers are progressively advancing communication more and more every day. It was old letters by mail, then it became emails, twitter and facebook. These websites improve communication today. Remote friends can view photos, information, videos and chat from afar. Some sites like @ ORGANIZATION2 allow you to send instant messages to your friends. Finally, video chat is a new and improved way to view the other person's live video. According to @ ORGANIZATION1 @ NUM1 more users have signed up for webcams since the start of @ DATE1. Communication is positively affected by computers. I know @ MONTH1 you are having fun with sports or nature but sometimes its good to be instantly entertained. Computer games cost only around @ MONEY1 and are instant access. Also, surfing the web for news or funny videos can be fun. Almost everyone who has an @ CAPS2 has fun surfing the Internet. Have you ever wondered how to hear the song you love when it's not on the radio? Itunes stores, organizes and plays music in a virtual library for always-on access. What's also happening is that youtube lets you watch music videos or hear songs for free. That's why computers are pure entertainment. Finally, computers provide you with so much knowledge and are great for education. Some websites give you access to tons of knowledge. Wikipedia and diccionary.com are great for learning.
Dear local newspaper @ CAPS1 I read the article and think you are right because in @ DATE1 children prefer to stay indoors on the computer. @ CAPS1 who know what they're doing @ CAPS1 some kids are on facebook all day some are on @ CAPS2 or @ CAPS3. Sometimes kids don't even like going to exercise, they just sit on the computer eating and eating. I think if there weren't for the technology, kids these days wouldn't be beasts. Some kids don't even like going out with their friends or family, they say they want to stay home on the computer, but we should be exercising more than being on the computer. If we were still on the computer we wouldn't learn anything in school because when they were in school the kids might think about going home to go to the computer and you won't focus on our education @ CAPS1. What if the children drop out or don't come to school anymore because they are chatting with their friends or a stranger. What if a girl didn't want to go to school and on her computer. What if she talked to unfamiliar computers so the kids could just go exercise instead of being on the computer and not be a beast anymore.
Dear @ PERSON2, @ CAPS1 a " home in your city ; all you hear is “ mommy, mommy, mommy taking me to the library to buy books ”. You see many residents dying to go to foreign countries but have no money. Is this what you want every house to look like? Computers have a great effect on people because they allow people to talk and interact with each other. You can discover places you've always wanted to go and this is probably the device that makes your life easier. For these reasons, computers are the most beneficial to society. First of all, computers allow friends and family to talk without spending a dime. I know I have parents who are too poor to pay the high fees of the phone bills that come up when we have to talk, that means not everyone can afford to talk on the phone, but a computer costs nothing use. Additionally, in the issue @ ORGANIZATION3 @ NUM1, @ DATE1 @ NUM2 a recent poll showed that @ PERCENT1 of people who own a computer use it to talk rather than on a phone. I know some people say computers take too long, but if so many people are using computers to talk, then there is no need to worry about paying phone bills. Additionally, @ PERSON1 and @ CAPS2 from @ ORGANIZATION4 indicate that fewer people needed a loan when the computer came out with instant messaging and video chat. It shows that friends and families have stopped paying massive phone bills and are just talking online. Plus, just using a computer, anyone can find facts about the land halfway through @ LOCATION1. In addition, they can be in the bedroom or the room. A boy by the name of @ CAPS3 @ PERSON4 who frequents @ ORGANIZATION1 said he always wanted to go when he was little and it was like when he searched @ LOCATION2 and facts and pictures on the web. In addition, @ PERSON3 a teacher from @ ORGANIZATION5 @ ORGANIZATION1 conducted a survey asking how many students have completed projects related to foreign countries and @ PERCENT2 of them have completed. This means that so many people have a need for resources in foreign countries and have to use a computer to find out. This shows that many more are using computers to visit distant lands. Last but not least, computers are pretty much the practical thing to have in a recent poll by @ ORGANIZATION2 showed that @ PERCENT3 in people would rather have a computer than a car which just shows that computers are important. Plus I thought computers were bad for you and all but when I got one for my birthday @ NUM3 I found out how useful they were. Many people say that computers take a long time because they haven't used one yet. Did you also know that millions of people use a computer which represents more than half of their population and such a poor country? It shows how important his computers are and how convenient they are. All in all, now @ CAPS1 has residents so happy, laughing on the computer they do because computers allow them to talk with friends, learn and visit foreign countries and are so convenient @ PERSON2 and the readers' computers are undoubtedly beneficial to society.
Computers, More and more people are using them. They are used to talking, for recreation and many other things. But are computers a good thing? Computers can be a great thing to have around. Besides virtually unlimited information, you can keep in touch with your family using @ ORGANIZATION1. You can use the word @ ORGANIZATION2 to create PowerPoint documents and presentations that organize your ideas. You can also use @ ORGANIZATION2 excel to manage your finances ! Windows Movie Maker lets you make your own movies if you have a camera. Besides the most useful obvious features, you can play computer games, watch manners, and listen to music on a computer. Like everything, computers also have drawbacks. Some are small and some can be very big. computers are expensive. You cannot see who is really talking to you on a computer. In addition, many people have important information about a computer. People's computers were infected and information was stolen, leaving people helpless. Bugs can also severely damage your computer, making it impossible to use. There are also many people who can be defamed on the Internet. Hate sites that promote terrorism, racial violence and drug use are all over the web. You have to be careful where you go when using the internet. In addition, computers can sometimes take over people's lives. People spend too much time on Facebook and not enough time reading or staying in touch with their families. Computers can be great things. Between their excellent features allowing you to be informed at all times and their programs which are perfect for running a business, it is no wonder that almost all @ CAPS1 homes have one. A lot of people don't like computers. They say the disadvantages outweigh the advantages. I do not agree. Yes, the downsides can be annoying and sometimes serious. But if you're smart enough to stay away from @ CAPS2- @ CAPS3, install antivirus software, and never give your information to an anonymous person, the pros outweigh the cons. So, all in all, if you're smart enough, a computer can be a fun and practical edition of your life, allowing you to do more than you ever imagined.
Have you ever needed to know something about another place, or maybe you wanted to see your little cousin who is no longer a baby? Having a computer is a huge benefit to society. It not only allows you to find information and chat with your family and friends, but also can teach you hand-eye coordination. A computer can tell you pretty much everything you need to know. It might help you learn about other cultures, places, or something as simple as what is @ LOCATION1 creampie. the computer has infinite knowledge. This is a huge advantage because a computer is one of the few tools that could help you develop your learning with just the click of a button. Having a computer also allows you to talk to your family and friends. New computers now have webcams. This allows you to see and talk to them without having to take the plane or make long trips by car. What I know is of great benefit to anyone who has parents who don't live next door, whether it helps your baseball swing or catching that touchdown, having a computer is a great help in eye coordination. -hand. Believe it or not, having to type a piece of paper for school helps a lot with hand-eye coordination. Having hand-eye coordination can help you a lot in life, whether in activities, schoolwork, or work. Obviously having a computer is a huge benefit to society by having the ability to find out more, chat with family and friends, or help you spend the game with a friend of yours. Society today would not be the same without computers.
Dear Editor: More and more people are using computers, but not everyone agrees that it benefits society. As the editor of the newspaper, you have the power to inform people about situations. In my opinion, computers are desperately needed for the following reasons : Computers give people the ability to learn about faraway places, people and the weather, they allow people to talk online with others, and many jobs use computers. Do you want a more economically advanced state? First of all, the computer gives people the ability to learn about remote places, people, and the weather. I have an uncle named @ PERSON1, who has @ NUM1 little girls. Every morning before school, @ PERSON1 checks the weather on his computer to make sure it is safe for him to go to school. However, one day he forgot to check the weather forecast on his computer and took his children to school. He didn't know the roads were extremely icy. Unfortunately @ PERSON1 and her daughters were in a car accident and two of the daughters broke some bones. As you can see, the weather of the IT world saved him a trip to the emergency room. Then the computer allows you to talk online with other people. @ CAPS1's Dr @ DR1 says that “ chatting online with others (@ CAPS2) is the best way to stay in touch with other people from your old school, camp, and many other places. " I totally agree because adults can stay in touch with friends from college. Additionally, @ PERCENT1 of students say they usually go online to study or get the homework pages. I think chatting online to study for the tests is a fantastic idea as it will help students get better grades. Some parents say it is a waste of time to study. However, teachers say that since @ CAPS2 was invented, student grades have skyrocketed. Finally, most jobs today use computers. For example, my dad works for @ ORGANIZATION1 and the computer helps him communicate with clients all over the world. Moreover, the chat can translate the language which makes it much easier than talking on the phone. In addition, teachers use computers to record student grades. This makes the job of the teachers much easier as it averages all the grades. The computer is revolutionizing people's work. In conclusion, the computer has a positive effect on people as it gives people the ability to learn about remote places, people and weather, allows people to talk online with other people, and many jobs use computers. I urge you to support me by writing a positive article about the computer and how it helps society. Thank you for taking my idea into consideration.
Dear editor, @ CAPS1's name is @ CAPS2 and I am a @ NUM1 year old girl ; yet active in daily reading. As I was browsing the newspapers last week, I saw an ad to write an article about the negative or positive factors regarding computers. I am here to persuade other readers of the negative effects computers have on people. As an active member of the computer, I participate in all the negative factors. People who spend more than an hour on the computer are involved in @ CAPS3, @ CAPS4 or play a computer game. of these children are too involved in their computer games. I've seen this segment on @ CAPS5 @ NUM2 about how @ PERCENT1 of all teens play on the computer at least once while they're supposed to do homework. Computer games distract children's learning. Children think @ CAPS3 is more important than doing math homework. Computers do not benefit children's learning. Children or even adults who are too involved in the use of computers do not want to speak. They feel they need to focus on winning and winning all of their friends. To win people can't talk, just focus on playing. Children who need to win and not talk could lead to lifelong results. Being self-aware or lacking in social skills is the most important outcome in a lifetime of being too involved in a computer game. This is how being too involved in computer games affects their social skills. Children who are too involved in their computer games do not get enough exercise, which leads to obesity. Children think they are exercising while playing, but in reality they are not doing anything at all. Children think they can't quit their game, but they can. there is always a pause button somewhere on the screen. Soon children become addicted to the game and no longer think it is important to go outside. This is how computer games cause long term effects. In conclusion, computers have no advantage over people. Computers don't teach you anything about socialism and obesity. All of these results are long term, so you can live well. I don't want a happy, successful life ?! I know yes!
Dear Local Newspaper, Have you ever thought about all the cool things you can do on computers like calling people, shopping for groceries, and reading books for school? Today it seems the world is linked by technology and I think computers are number one. "@ CAPS1 my older sister moved to @ CAPS2 it was hard to keep in touch and see each other but we found out @ ORGANIZATION1 which is a site where anyone can add people and chat, call each other or webcam herself, so we do this every day and it's like she never left the house. " @ PERSON2 talks about the @ ORGANIZATION1 website. @ CAPS4 of course @ PERSON2 and many others love their computers. Studies show that @ NUM1 on @ NUM2 people do more online during the day @ PERSON1 says "every day my day is shortened because my @ CAPS3 because at work I can order my groceries and have them delivered before four o'clock @ CAPS1 I when I get home from work, I can set up doctor's appointments, school and meetings with the click of a button wherever I am, instead of looking on the calendar or picking up the phone. @ PERCENT1 des couples today say they have met online via twitter, facebook, myspace or aol.The internet is great for meeting new people because you get @ CAPS4 and get to know each other or look at their profile pictures and the like. You can find people like you online and after a while you two are friends I have some of my best friends online through mutual friend page and it is a successful friendship today. schools embrace web-based education , with all the books in a class available at home online. Students can even check grades online now and receive feedback from rom teachers. So now students are being pushed to use the web at home and at school. Hope I opened your mind a little bit to understand that the internet isnt that bad, and people are spending so much time on it now because everything is happening on the web like school, shopping, food , even TV, you name it, the web has it. Personally, I spend about an hour or two on the web chatting, studying, watching TV. Afterwards, I could go for a walk or play my @ CAPS5 but I will still be connected to the web because the @ CAPS5 receives wi-fi connections. So I think computers allow you to open up and connect with other people and do other things on the web. I hope now you feel the same
Dear @ LOCATION1, @ CAPS1 a student growing up in this technological age @ MONEY1, I think computers are more harmful than useful. I assume that books are better resources, that people can have fun in other ways, and that computers can be dangerous and cause health problems. @ CAPS1 a well read newspaper, your position on this subject will influence the minds @ MONEY1 a lot. I know computers can help find information, but personally I think books are better resources. Anyone can write and post an article on the Internet, even if what they say is not at all true. People can lie and say they are doctors in their @ NUM1 when they are really @ NUM2 and working at @ ORGANIZATION1. On the computer you can never know who to believe, but with books you know what you are reading is correct. Information on the computer, (that's right) you can find a book. Of course, the @ MONTH1 computer is the faster way or the "easy way @ CAPS6" in some cases, but maybe people need a challenge. It seems that because @ MONEY1 is growing technology, each generation is getting more and more lazy, and less and less on the books and it's time to stop it. In addition, there are many other ways that people can have fun without using a computer. Lots of people use social networking sites to connect with their friends, such as @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3 and @ CAPS4, but on these you can't tell if this person is really who they claim to be. to be or not. If you want to talk to your friends, why not call them or more modernly, text them? This way you can be sure of @ MONEY1 who you are talking to. Too many teens these days hide @ CAPS6 in their bedrooms and play games on their computers and spend less and less time with their families. What happened to cards and board games with your family? It's much nicer, in my opinion, if you play the game for real and not virtually. You can also go out and get some fresh air, instead of @ MONEY1 that wet smell in your room because you are so busy on the computer that you forgot to @ CAPS5 the laundry. Also, if kids were to start handwriting their papers, it would improve their writing as they wouldn't get @ MONEY1 typing simplicity. Some kids don't have access to computers anyway and you have to handwrite your @ ORGANIZATION2, so why not ? Finally, computers can be dangerous and / or harmful to health. Using @ MONEY1 social networks allows children to put all their @ CAPS6 information there, so that everyone can see it. It can lead to bad things, like being hunted down or kidnapped. The internet also contains a lot of inappropriate images and websites that young people, or anyone really should be looking at staring at a computer screen for hours on end too is very bad for your eyes and can cause very serious vision problems. long-term. Plus I'm sure you've heard how many typists are more prone to arthritis or problems with pain or loss @ MONEY1 use @ MONEY1 their fingers because @ MONEY1 move @ MONEY1 your fingers when you type. Getting rif @ MONEY1 computers will help positively impact people's well-being. While many people enjoy using @ MONEY1 computers, there really is no real need for @ MONEY1 for them. Books are better resources, there are many other ways you can have fun, and they can be dangerous / harmful to your health. Why spend hundreds or @ MONEY1 on a tool that isn't even needed ? Don't let the media fool you or lure you in with their tips, scams or gimmicks to buy you one, and the next time you turn on your computers, think "@ CAPS5 I really need this or is there- is there any better way to achieve what I have to do or what I want @ CAPS5 ? " because, more than likely, there will be a better way. So sometimes it's better to say "@ CAPS6 with @ MONEY1's new ways of doing things technologically with @ MONEY1's old ways of doing things manually.
Dear local @ CAPS1, I heard you are not sure if computers are good or not and I have many reasons why, but I will tell you that it is. First of all, the games teach hand-eye coordination, teach people from far away places like other countries, finally, it helps to keep in touch with people. My number one main reason is that it can help and helps with everyday hand eye coordination. It does this with the mouse, you have to be very coordinated to be good at computer games. It will help you in everyday life to play ball with your son or to pick up something, it is very important. It can also help you familiarize yourself with ethnicity to learn more about faraway places. If you are going on a trip, I would like to get to know this place to see what I need. Or just looking at how beautiful the countries are will amaze you. So for only @ NUM1 reasons, I would already rethink. Finally i think this is the most important reason to keep in touch with i know my mom doesn't have facebook and she talks to all her old friends she says "nice" i think having some friends is very important to everyone and computers help them. I conclude that there are reasons why a computer is good like hand-eye coordinations for learning from faraway places. So I hope you were, I know I would and there is no doubt you will make the right choice.
Dear Diary, @ CAPS1 people think computers are a waste of time and are dangerous. Yes, computers can be dangerous, but there are a number of ways they can help you out @ CAPS1. Like paying bills online or planning vacations and even attending bonding classes. For people @ CAPS1, invoices are a struggle. They are a downside and there is way to @ CAPS1 of them. If you think about it @ CAPS1 people work all day or all night, wouldn't it be nice to come home and pay all your bills ? Well one way to do that is from a computer, computers have @ CAPS1 programs that can help you pay your bills faster so that when you get home you can relax and enjoy. your free time. Computers are also good for planning vacations. People @ CAPS1 use online programs every year to plan their vacations and trips, for example my family and I planned a trip to @ LOCATION1 in @ DATE1 of @ NUM1. When we got to the airport we had first class tickets and a ride waiting when we got out of the plain that @ DATE1 was the best so far. Entering a New Generation @ CAPS1 people are starting to take online courses because of working or having a child at home, these @ CAPS2 are good for people with jobs because they are short and you learn many. A computer is very useful for taking these courses, because if you did not have one, it would prevent you from taking the course. A computer is a great thing to have for all of these things. So, if you are the mother of a worker and want to go back to school, you should consider taking some online classes. And if your family wants a vacation, you should try one of the @ CAPS1 programs that the enternet has for traveling.
Dear, regarding @ MONTH1 ; Local journal. I believe you are right. Computers can be helpful, let us chat with people, but we don't exercise. Forget about the family and especially your health, their vision deteriorates, they eat more junk food and this can lead to bad cholesterol. High blood pressure and even diabetes. A computer is very addictive, people stay on it for hours. This will give you bad higiens so I think you should really take a look at this and put it in the journal and residents of @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 I know it could be a lot of fun and enjoyable but it would be fun and fun until you get really sick you @ MONTH1 take this as but it is very serious in many ways. Don't be with the people you love, don't do activities that you need to leave that computer and do more with your life. A computer is like a drug, but do it for your family and listen to my point of view so I think all computers should be banned for at least a week to check work or school and maybe even your. health. This @ MONTH1 seems to have exaggerated on this, but we really aren't. Do you want the population on people with diabetes and other causing effects that can happen to your body to increase. Well I don't think how that would make you feel. Not good at all so people get up and jog. Do anything, enjoy the time with your family. So listen to me and stop this bad habit.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 can you imagine a world without computers? Well I don't @ CAPS1 because I think computers are great. First of all, if you have a computer, @ CAPS1 meets new people. Second, @ CAPS1 does projects on it or homework if you need it. Finally, in a computer, @ CAPS1 finds out basically everything you want to know. Read ahead and find out why I think computers are great. Who doesn't like meeting new people, because I do. If you wanted to make new friends or find someone who attends your school and you might not be now, you @ CAPS1 would look them up on your computer. Also, if you didn't have anyone to talk to once, you @ CAPS1 go to the computer and try to meet new people. I know I do this all the time. Finally, it doesn't hurt to make friends or talk to people online anymore. it's actually fun once you try it. That's why I think one of the reasons computers are great is because of the people you meet. The second reason computers are great is if you need to print something or create a project on a computer @ CAPS1 helps. My science teacher still wants homework printed and how @ CAPS1 I do it without a computer. Plus, if you ever forgot your homework or homework, just ask a friend online if you have a school website. Therefore, computers are great because all homework looks better when printed. My last reason is that on a computer @ CAPS1 looks for just about anything. For example, say you wanted to find a place to go and you didn't have an address or anything, you @ CAPS1 always check on the computer. Also, if it is a problem or something with your house, car, bills, or whatever @ CAPS1 still see if @ CAPS1 is getting help on the internet. Finally, if you wanted to buy something and couldn't find it, you @ CAPS1 just upload it. So basically like I said you @ CAPS1 are doing anything. In conclusion, I think computers have a great effect on life. First, @ CAPS1 meets people or friends. Second, @ CAPS1 does projects or homework. Finally, you @ CAPS1 do basically anything on a computer. This is why I think computers are great and they @ CAPS1 help a lot in life instead of hurting anyone.
Dear Diary, Some say that computers do not benefit society. But I think different. Computers benefit society more than you realize. They help people learn and make the job much easier. They help prevent acids and save lives. Computers help people learn and make jobs easier, that's a fact. You can type, you can plan your seual. You can give a presentation or check your emails. All of these things make the job easier. And there are tons of other things you can do. Like I said before, they can help people learn. You can learn billions of things on the Internet. You can learn everything on the internet and it's pretty amazing. You can get a medical degree on the Internet. Making work easier or helping people learn is not the extent of the power of computers. Computers can keep acids out of anything that moves. For example, millions of cars are on the road today and some can practically drive them themselves. And all of this is done with computers. Airplanes too, the only reason the pilot is there is in case something goes wrong. Same thing with trains. Also, @ CAPS1 is completely computerized, all humans do is tell the computer what they want it to do. Almost everything that moves within its own power has been computerized at some point. And it makes the world a safer place for everyone. Finally, computers save lives, it is absolutely true. In hospitals without computers, people were dying every day. They use them to keep records, record vital signs, and help with surgery. In surgery, computers help with only a small insight to make, and can be much more precise than life-saving human sergons. Additionally, computers can ensure that an operating room is completely sterile, reducing the risk of infection. As you can see, computers benefit society a lot more than you might think. They help people learn and make work easier. They prevent the acids with which reduced people going to the hospital. And if they do, they are almost guaranteed to survive. So what do you think of them now.
Dear @ CAPS1, experts agree that people go out and exercise because there are three reasons why people should go out and there are: people don't exercise a lot, they can go through time with their friends and family, and people and children should enjoy the outdoors. Let me explain, people and kids these days exercise a lot. People who don't exercise can gain weight if they don't exercise at all. In addition, parents and children who spend all day on their computer or laptop may be overweight. Children these days find it difficult to exercise because they gain weight by staying on their computers and playing their computer games. Would you not agree that children and adults can spend time with their friends and family. Children should stop using the computer and go out more with friends and family. You might want to consider that parents have to spend time with friends and family and then sit in front of the computer at home. Don't you think people should go out and enjoy nature. Surprisingly, people know what nature is but don't know what the real meaning of nature is! Adults should spend time going out and then staying in their homes because @ PERCENT1 in the world does not have a computer at all.
For IT people, technology is a good thing. If we don't have the technology, we can't call anyone. We won't have computers to go online. We can't talk to my family or friends. People use technology for their jobs, like people who work for cars, they need computers to see if cars are old. That is why will need the technology. People need technology for a lot of thin people have technology for us. Computers are the most important thing because we have to research a lot of things online that we need computers to test. We're calling the tech people, you us computers to go online at google.com, that's why we need technology. so we can call people.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 Computers have been a great invention for years. It has helped people learn more information, connect with people, and @ CAPS6 invent more technology. This is a positive effect for our country. let me explain myself. Computers are a positive effect for our country because they help us find information for school and where to go. The computer helps me find information for my science project faster than going to the library and searching for information about a book. "@ CAPS2 @ PERSON1 in @ NUM1 grade. In case we got lost on the roads, the computer can @ CAPS6 get us out there. Another reason computers have a positive effect on our country is that they can @ CAPS6 allow us to communicate with our friends and family. "@ CAPS3 I don't can't contact my mom, I'm emailing her on my computer. "Most parents of kids can contact their teacher and email them to see how they're doing. The last reason why computers have a positive effect on our country is that they can @ CAPS6 invent different things for us. Scientists can easily invent more types of technology using computers. " The computer helped us make a model of our invention first, then we start to do the details. "@ CAPS4 @ CAPS5. @ CAPS1 for years, computers have helped us with almost everything. Contacting people, and @ CAPS6 make new inventions. This has also helped us in wars. We should let the computers be in the @ LOCATION1
Dear @ CAPS1, I think computers are a waste of your time, but they also help you in so many ways. You should only go to the computer if you really have too much of it. People are on the computer for hours at a time, they go there if they are bored or if they don't want to go out. People have made the computer more powerful and more efficient. Thus, more and more people buy computers every year. Computers also help you in all ways, you can learn from a computer, you can find a job on the computer, and you can shop on the computer as well. So if you need to find a job, you can use the computer and find a suitable job for you. You can learn from the computer. The computer can give you so much information that it's amazing you can search anything and even ask questions. Finally, you can do your shopping on the computer. Let's say you can find something in a store and you've searched everywhere, then you come home and you can go to the computer and find what you're looking for. But, you will probably need a credit card. That's why I think computers are useful but a waste of time.
Dear Diary, @ CAPS1, I am on the computer a lot. But I think it's one of the most addictive and time-consuming inventions in society today. Yes, computers have benefits like talking to friends and family you don't see often, doing schoolwork, and collecting information. But in my opinion, people should reduce their use of computers. Of course, computers allow you to interact with family friends through email, messaging @ CAPS2, or through social networking sites like @ CAPS3 or @ CAPS4. Guess what? You can easily communicate the old-fashioned way with cell phones or even write a letter. See? There are alternatives for communicating. Exercise is so important these days, and people don't get enough of it. Did you know that obesity has increased by @ PERCENT1 since last year ? It's a pretty large percentage, and we don't want it to increase. If people are wasting away, looking at their computer screens, and doing nothing or not exercising, the numbers will increase. In addition, computers can cause all kinds of medical problems. For example, about a month ago my back was really bothering me. I went to the doctor and he told me that one of the probable causes was leaning forward to go to my laptop. "Computers can also cause vision problems and headaches." says specialist @ CAPS5. ounce. We can avoid these problems if we take a stand against computers! We can limit our usage to two or three times a week, and only use it for important reasons. Hope this is really an eye opener about the negative effects computers have on us.
Dear local newspaper, I am writing to you because computers affect humans in so many ways. Some can be terrible, and some not so bad. Many average people now stay indoors all day on the computer playing games, or on Facebook and other interactive websites such as Twitter and @ CAPS1. This seizure interferes with school, work or exercise. More and more people are not getting enough exercise or work every day. We must stop this devastating pandemic! People who stay indoors all day are not as healthy as they used to be. The immune system increases the risk of getting sick. This can result in people in severe positions or even death. @ CAPS4 you stay indoors all day, the computer will be so addicting that it will invade you and make it more important. In order to stay healthy, you need to eat properly and well while riding a bicycle. @ CAPS2 someone is inside the computer frequently, not @ CAPS2 you are addicted to something like watching TV or playing @ CAPS3, @ CAPS4 you are addicted, this may also interfere with family events, sports. @ CAPS2 you are on the computer, you forget homework, grades forcing you to go to summer school, or even repeat a class. Also, @ CAPS2 you are not preparing for sports, it may prevent you from playing to your potential. This is why computers affect people every day. There are more reasons people are affected by computers, but these are the most common.
Dear @ CAPS1 from @ ORGANIZATION1, I personally disagree with the experts who fear that people are spending too much time on their computers and less time exercising, enjoying nature and interacting with it. their family and friends. The reason I disagree is that it's not the computers that keep people from going out and exercising. Buying a computer and using the computer is free will and the computer is not used is our choice, so we cannot blame the computer for people who do no exercise. Another important thing to remember is that computers are important because they help you get more education. For example, there are online computer courses for people who want to get a degree in different fields. With just the click of a button, you can change your future and your career for the rest of your life. The most important reason is that it helps people to experience different cultures and ways of life. I love learning more about @ LOCATION1 and @ LOCATION2 even during this terrible storm. Thank you for listening to my review and hope it will change your point of living a life without computers
Being active has no limits, but technology does.
Computers @ CAPS1 Society ? This question could be answered forever. I have an opinion on this and it might not affect everyone in the world, but I hope so. Exercising is a great way to stay in shape, but if you've been sitting on @ ORGANIZATION1 all day, there's no way you can stay in shape. So while everyone is in good shape, you will eventually get fat. While you are sitting there playing the game @ ORGANIZATION1, everyone is outside playing in the park, swimming in the pool or fishing at the lake. Sitting on an @ ORGANIZATION1 destroys your life bot physically and socially. Finally, @ ORGANIZATION1 will prevent you from spending time with your friends and family. It will also prevent you from interacting with new friends and your old ones will find new ones. Finally, if you sit down on @ ORGANIZATION1 @ NUM1, you'll miss the awesome @ CAPS2 life you've been waiting for since you remembered it. So the next time your friend tells you to go online after school, say you'd rather not do it because you don't want to get hooked.
Computers have a very positive effect on people. Computers help people in several ways. They teach people about history and faraway places. They are also a great medium for yourself. Computers are also another way of communicating with people to keep them away from just a few houses. Computers have knowledge and more is added every day. Every day I go to the computer, I learn something new. You can search for the word @ LOCATION1 and instantly have millions of web pages in front of you all containing new knowledge and exciting stuff about @ LOCATION1. Computers are much faster than having to go to the local library and search for a book with the information you need. You can also find different views and perspectives of a topic online. Depending on which website you go to, you may get opinions on some places and events, for which you cannot find books in the library. Computers have an instant amount of knowledge and also some opinions on things. Computers can also keep you entertained. There are many entertaining websites online that you can go to when you are bored. There are books and magazines that you can read anytime. If you love to read check online, these @ MONTH1 is a book you love to read for free. Some people like to play games. On the computer, you can find almost any game you want to play. These are board games, video games, strategy games, adventure games and many more. I could go on and on for hours listing the different types. If you like sports, you can search the internet and find pages on different sports. You may find ways to improve the way you play or play the sport. If you like watching @ CAPS1. you can also do this on a computer. Some @ CAPS2.V programs put individual episodes online so that people can easily view them with the click of a mouse. The computer can anyone who uses it. Computers help you be entertained. but they can also communicate with your friends and family. Many programs allow you to access people through the Internet. You can email your cousin halfway around the world. In emails, you can attach images and files with text to communicate. These are various programs. IM stands for Instant Messaging, which means you instantly send a message to someone else using this program. You put a message and it instantly reaches the person you're trying to teach. Now there is even more to communicate. you can make audio calls to someone using the computer. It's like a phone, but not. Webcams allow video recording and sending instantly, but can also be used to talk to someone through a video call. The program connects you to your friends or family and you can view them via video. computers are a great way to communicate with others. Computers help in a positive way. They give you access to an incredible amount of information. They can you. Computers are also a great way to communicate with people, regardless of their distance. I would definitely say that computers are a positive thing.
Journal, I think using computers is no big deal. it is a convenient way to communicate, it teaches young adults and adults social and life skills, and is no different from other addictions. These three reasons explain why I think @ ORGANIZATION1 is underrated. My first reason I feel like @ ORGANIZATION1 is underrated is that some people think we spend less time with family, but I always talk to my family and friends on @ ORGANIZATION1 . It is a convenient, fast and for the most part secure means of communication. When I need help with something, I sit at @ ORGANIZATION1 and chat with someone on Facebook, or if not, send them an email. I get my answer during the day. You can also search online for the answer, the Internet is a beautifully smart device. Also if you call someone rather than chatting on @ ORGANIZATION1 you @ MONTH1 have no idea who they are, it is also much easier to trace a call then trace an @ ORGANIZATION1 to a certain place. Communication is faster, safer and more convenient on @ ORGANIZATION1. My second reason for being @ NUM1 is that it can help teach life skills. For example, did you know that, on average, an adult will earn @ MONEY1 more if they can type correctly and quickly ? The @ ORGANIZATION1 performs many functions. Facebook, for example, is a social network, many young adults can learn basic social skills by having a Facebook. Social skills play a very important role when you find a job for the first time. If you have good social skills, your boss @ MONTH1 will love and appreciate you more. Which can only lead to a promotion! Computers are very convenient to have around you ! my third and final reason to believe, with all due respect, that people @ NUM2 are blind, is that people don't easily get addicted to @ ORGANIZATION1. It's very difficult to get addicted to @ ORGANIZATION1. Only about @ PERCENT3 of Facebook users are addicted. Compared to alcohol addiction, approximately @ PERCENT1, or drug addiction, @ PERCENT2, @ ORGANIZATION1 addiction is microscopic, and to put it mildly, not fatal. The only similarity between @ ORGANIZATION1 and other more deadly addictions is that they are addicted, and @ MONTH1 becomes cranky if asked to stop. “Addiction to @ ORGANIZATION1 can be cured with a speedy recovery, and as long as you are turned on for an hour or less a day, there is nothing to worry about,” @ PERSON1 says, to @ NUM3.) @ CAPS1 you have it, the use of computers is not a major problem. It is a practical communication device, an effective means of acquiring social and life skills, and it is not a major source of addiction. @ CAPS1 there is nothing to fear. Sit down and search the internet if you don't believe me.
I agree that computers benefit society because everyone uses or has one, it helps you with important things, the computer makes it easy. Computers, exercise so that your fingers move faster. The computer is the best thing that ever happened in this world, you can chat with your friends family, print, write, play games. What better than that, we can google famous person search, deceased people, search photos. But the computer makes you lazy because it makes you want to sit there, never get out of it, it's addicting to people, but other people just don't know what it means to use or have a computer. If the others had a computer, they would change their mind. You can go to myspace Think of Tom to talk to family friends in a different city or state. You can also go to google yahoo, facebook, twitter the computer and the internet is really fun and it gives you some exercise. And it helps you in your schoolwork, homework, your search for a country, a place, a house, a vacation, you can do a lot of things. But then other people are right to enjoy nature, it is good because it makes you healthy and strong and it will allow you to do more sports and have fun outside instead of staying inside all the time. the day doing nothing looking at your computer screen not wanting to sleep or go outside so both are pretty much the same for me but i do with the first opionion because computers are the best!
You have an email! @ CAPS1 my computer which is filled with emails from distant relatives and friends. Without computers, I wouldn't be able to stay in touch with these people as effectively as with computers. Over the past few decades, technology has advanced tremendously, resulting in incredible computers, with computers that we can type faster, communicate with distant relatives, and find information like never before. Thanks to this incredible invention, computers have enabled us at @ LOCATION1 to do some truly amazing things. To start with, we threw away typr recorders and bought computers. Now like never before, we can type faster, improve hand-eye coordination, and edit our papers without the help of a peer. First, with the extreene amounts of typing needed for colleges, most occupations, and the everyday list, computers have made this process faster and easier. I'm sure most of the things you type for @ LOCATION1 are written using a computer. Second, we have learned amazing hand-eye coordination skills. Also, by typing and reading at the same time, we have practiced or have eyes to do many things @ LOCATION1 similar to playing the piano. Finally, now with spell checking we can edit articles without someone else's help ! The computer can detect problems in an instant which is even more efficient without a doubt, the typing aspect of documents on computers is @ CAPS5 one of the reasons we need it. Another reason is because of the communication. Thanks to many @ LOCATION1 communication applications such as @ ORGANIZATION2, @ ORGANIZATION3, @ CAPS2 and @ CAPS3, we can now communicate with a surplus of friends and distant relatives. For example, with my two sisters in college, it was difficult for me to communicate with them, but thanks to @ CAPS2, I can view their photos, send them instant messages and even video chat ! Without computers, it would never have been possible to see their photos and what they are doing. Second, email has created a quick and easy way to let people know about schedule changes, ideas and even store sales and specials ! Postal mail is no longer with this extremely efficient means of communication ! Obviously, the communication aspect of computers is an explicit reason why we need them in our lives. Last but not least, computers have given us access to information like never before. Now we can find facts and figures, faster, easier, and with hundreds of additional options, in seconds, thanks to @ ORGANIZATION1 and other search engines, we can find the information we have. need. Not to mention the process is extremely @ CAPS5 type in exactly what you are looking for and you will be brought to exactly what you need ! Third, there are plenty of other options and sites to choose from. For example, if you were to type a certain animal, there would be an overdose of pages related to your topic. Now it is possible to find exactly what you are looking for! There is no doubt that computers have made finding information easier and faster, which is exactly why we need it in our everyday life. In conclusion, computers are an amazing invention that opened the doors @ LOCATION1 for today's society. Without computers, we wouldn't be able to type documents so quickly, communicate and find information so quickly. However, thanks to this invention, computers have enabled us to do incredible things. Across the country people are running out of efficient use of computers and now we can do it ! It is obvious that computers are efficient and advance technology in our society.
Can you imagine a world full of lifeless zombies obsessed with tech like computers, television, and cellphones? Our world as we know it will come to an abrupt end if we do not stop this nonsense. Computers can cause obesity, lack of interaction, and they waste their time on these unnecessary things. Our world cannot set aside time for this. Our planet is ruled by us humans and if we don't take care of its needs we will all die, including our beloved planet @ LOCATION1. Computers are not of benefit to our society today. First of all, computers can cause major obesity like they once did. Obesity is one of the most talked about health problems in the world. There are many problems that cause obesity, but technology (computers) plays a big role. Instead of sitting in front of a computer all day, they can do something much more productive, like going for a walk creating a club (adults after children!), Helping neighbors, etc. And if they teach hand-eye coordination, they don't teach us how to stay in shape ! Computers play a big role in the obesity factor. As adults, you need to know how important obesity is. Children are the future, no one would want future leaders to be known for pervasive obesity. However, computers take away the “ bonding ” time from family and friends. Both adults and children lack social needs. They do not interact verbally and physically with their "online friends". And they wonder why families these days turn out the source of the cause is the computer. Either way, people are spending too much time on computers if people weren't wasting so much time on computers that they weren't losing jobs like dropping flies. The unemployment rate is high because they assume they "don't have enough time". When all of their time is spent on computers, if they took computers out of their lives, they would have @ CAPS1 time to do it. No one wants an unemployed “ stay home ” loser like themselves. At the end of the day, computers are not a boon to our poorly run society. They cause obesity, corrupt social needs and eat away at people's time, you @ MONTH1 think computers allow others to ' chat ' online with their ' online friends ', but they don't meet our social needs physical and verbal, resulting in low self-esteem. If the newspapers continue to publish articles on the " advantages of computers ". soon people will stop believing this nonsense and eventually stop buying these newspapers. Nobody wants to read lies, do they?
Computers, computers, computers, that's all we hear about today. New websites, discussion boards, games and more. I agree with the experts who think we should spend more time outdoors with our friends and family. Computers are taking over people's lives, you don't know who is looking for you on Facebook or @ CAPS4 and you know you can do almost anything on them. Lunch ..., @ CAPS1 ..., @ CAPS2 ..., @ CAPS3 .... Computers are taking over our lives. Believe it or not, some people take computers wherever they go and once you get that @ CAPS3 there's a good chance you won't get it for a while because you keep clicking and keep on find new things. I have to say, computers are a cool device, but there has to be a limit. We can't be on @ CAPS3 @ NUM1 looking up what @ PERSON1 said to @ PERSON2 ... You have to come back to earth and spend time with your family. The @ CAPS3 might be a cool device, but that doesn't mean it's safe to post information about you. Facebook and @ CAPS4, probably two of the most dangerous sites. Anyone can just type @ PERSON1 and get @ NUM2 maches and find you even if you don't know them. People are not always as they say they are. People might say they are @ NUM3 years old. I have just left university when it is really a @ NUM4 years old @ CAPS6 who is preparing to enter the center for seniors. Don't trust anyone. Nowadays you don't even have to leave your house. You can buy, talk, pay taxes @ CAPS5, invoice and have virtual life on @ CAPS3. Soon @ CAPS6, as a human, will become whole through @ CAPS3. Some computers probably have a smarter system than the same humans. What I'm saying is limit your time to @ CAPS3 or that's where you're going to spend it all. Know that you know that I think computers need to be seen less throughout the human day. Plus, they take over our lives, are dangerous, and you don't even have to leave your home to make a living. I hope you will take my thoughts into consideration. Thank you.
@ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS1 is a lot of positive things about technology, especially computers. Computers allow you to communicate with people all over the world ; computers also give you the ability to continue to educate websites and, lastly, make shopping and paying bills easier. Talking to people all over the world can be interesting. Computers help you do this, using the Internet. You can learn about almost different people and their cultural background, or even talk to your friends and family who live in other cities, states, or maybe even countries. Yes, some people might say they cost too much, but it's really just one price. Computers can be very useful for students as well as teachers. This reason is because students can get homework help from educational websites. On the other hand, this is useful for teachers as they can put their students' grades online and kids won't bother about their average in a certain class. Yes, I know these are bad, inappropriate websites, but there are plenty of ways to block them. For example, I had a @ CAPS2 in @ CAPS3 and needed a lot of help, and my teacher told me about a website called studyisland and by continuing this every day my grade increased to @ CAPS4. Computers allow you to pay your bills and shop for less. These are ways that your items you buy online might arrive a few days late ; but think about the time and money you save because you ordered offline instead of going to the store. But it is also very useful for people with disabilities. There are a lot of good things about computers. They give you a chance to communicate with people across the world, and give you a chance to keep educating websites, and finally help you pay your bills and go shopping. Computers in local newspapers are also of great benefit to society, and without them much would not be possible.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ PERSON1, computers have helped us in many ways. Computers have helped children and adults learn, increased employment, and computers have also helped law enforcement. Yes, I agree that some people spend too much time on these machines, but that doesn't mean they haven't helped us. Computers help children and adults learn so much. Children can use their computers to search for homework again or even just search for things for fun. Most adults have gone to school and are educated, but computers help them make discoveries about space, the human body, etc. So, not only do computers teach children, but they are also part of new discoveries that must be taught to children. Right now our economy is not doing very well. A ton of people are unemployed and cannot support their families. But imagine how many more people would be out of work if we didn't have computers. @ PERCENT1 of our company works with computers. This means that @ PERCENT1 people will not have jobs. Computers not only give us knowledge, but they give us more than half to catch the wrongdoing members of society. Computers have helped catch law enforcement for just over @ NUM1 years. Yes, crime has increased in recent years, but computers have helped us catch criminals. Computers store huge amounts of data, which means we can relate fingerprints, pictures, @ CAPS2s, previous registrations, etc. of a criminal already arrested to help us catch the criminals. So yes, computers have helped us in more than one way. Computers have helped children and adults learn, increased employment, and helped law enforcement. Even if people spend too much time on these machines, it's their decision and look at how much computers have helped us. Make the right decision and let the technology continue to advance.
Do you use a computer? Is there one in your home? Well, the average household has two computers, but that's not good, @ CAPS2 computers take up precious time away from recreation, nature and real life. First, computers take time away from hobbies and friends. Some of my friends spend @ NUM1 hours on the computer a day playing. a sport or going out. In addition, computers are becoming the center of their lives. People ask me "@ CAPS1 weren't you online @ TIME1 ?" and I say "@ CAPS2 I have a life that doesn't revolve around @ CAPS3." @ CAPS4, the computer takes time away from nature. People do not recognize the beauty of the outside. Now that our lives are so tidy we need the wilderness even more than @ CAPS2, it helps us appreciate ourselves more and appreciate how our computer planet is taking all of that away from us ! Third, computers take us away from real life. Some people don't know how to have a face to face conversation, they only know how to communicate by email or @ CAPS5. I recognize that getting away from real life can be relaxing, but some people don't know which way you're typing a letter. It's @ MONTH1 old-fashioned, but I believe people are putting their hearts into something you can't do by email. In conclusion, computers take time away from real life, nature and your leisure time. Also, you can get arthritis in your hands if you type too much.
Computers are becoming a household item in @ LOCATION1 and around the world. There is a problem, because some people think that computers are not for the benefit of society. In my opinion, computers are an @ CAPS9 thing for our daily life. The Internet allows us to communicate with our friends, family and other people around the world ! Its various programs help keep files and other things of this nature organized and up to date. Finally, computers are a @ CAPS9 resource when finding projects, reports, homework, or anything else that needs information. The world is big and has many people, places, regions and countries. Families sometimes move away from family and friends, so they want to stay in touch. Post is a very slow and expensive service, while the Internet is cheaper and faster! Instant messengers, @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, use one of these fast and inexpensive means. They allow you to message and receive message any day, anytime, anywhere with little to no hassle. Another way is to use websites like @ CAPS3 and @ CAPS4, which allow you to update your "status" on your wall so that everyone on your friends list can see or comment. The last and final method is to use a webcam, which allows you to see the person on the other end of the phone and you can hear their voice as well. This is the best way, in my opinion, because instead of sending text and images, they can explain everything in their own way with no limit on what they can say. Many people have noticed that the world is not an organized place. Computers help organize it with their many applications and programs such as @ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS5 applications and document folders. @ ORGANIZATION1 is a chain of apps for everything from writing documents and creating spreadsheets, making presentations and even creating flyers for special events. These applications are the basis for starting a business or promoting an invention. @ CAPS5 mainly focuses on keeping information stored and organized in files the way you want and is @ CAPS9 for quick access. My parents and other adults I know always say "organization is the key to success" so @ CAPS5 really helps. Document folders are the final and most basic way that computers help with organization. These little things are useful when you need to save something quickly but want to keep it organized. All you have to do is name it, click save, and bada bing bada boom, you're done ! Most importantly, computers are useful when researching projects or something else that requires a lot of up-to-date information. The books will take a few days, and you only have @ NUM1 days to find, create, and organize your project and data. What are you going to do now ? You might put it back late, but you'll still be in trouble. This is where the fast and reliable Internet comes in. If you need to know the difference between @ PERSON2 and @ PERSON1, use the @ ORGANIZATION2 search engine. If you have a question about @ CAPS7 @ CAPS8, use @ LOCATION2. Everything you need @ MONTH1 is right at your fingertips, with a little help from your computer and the internet of course. In conclusion, I would like to state that computers are not a good thing for society, they are a @ CAPS9 thing for civilization ! From communicating with friends and family all over the world to organizing our daily lives and helping us find important topics, the internet and computers are in my opinion a way @ CAPS9 to help us in the process. life. Don't you agree with me?
About @ PERCENT1 of the world today use computers. Although you @ MONTH1 spend time on the computer, you can contact your family and friends, exercise your brain, and enjoy nature. Have you ever heard of an email? Well, this is a contact source that you can use to reach out to your family and friends. There are also other sources that you can use to contact your family and friends. For example, facebook, myspace and twitter. Even if you are on the computer you can still do this, you don't always have to call them. I remember one time when I called my aunt from my cell phone, and it wasted minutes. Something simple like this could have been done via email. Computers therefore have a good point. Do You Know Online That You Can Exercise Your Brain? You can do this by learning new information that you have never learned before. For example, if my sister needed help with science, she could go online and find out more about it. Some experts think it is too much time on the computer, but it can be of great benefit to others, helping them to gain knowledge. Computers can even help you go online, tutor, so you can exercise your brain there as well. Do you know that you can enjoy nature at any time? About @ PERCENT2 our world is enjoying nature. Don't you think it can wait until later? Also, some people don't like the different seasons and may want to stay in their homes. For example, when it snows. I think nature is good, but I don't think other people want to go out that much. I also know that we are outside of nature and that nature is part of our society, but the seasons change and there is a lot of bad weather. In conclusion, the computer has some good sources. Although you @ MONTH1 spend time on the computer, you can contact the family to exercise your brain and devote time to nature.
Dear Diary, I think computers have a good effect on people. Computers are very useful for many, it gives them education and they can interact with many people. Computers can be of great use to many people. Working with computers can give people extremely good hand-eye coordination. Dr @ PERSON4 said : “ In recent surveys and tests I have noticed a significant increase in @ PERCENT1's hand-eye coordination thanks to the computers. ORGANIZATION1, @ NUM1-more students can type, thanks to computers. Computers can be very useful for business people with the creation of power points. Instead of making a really big poster board for the @ CAPS2 @ CAPS1 project, I made a power point instead which was so much easier. Computers can be of great use to many people. Computers are used in many schools to help teach students new things. For example, students can discover interesting places they have never known. "@ CAPS2's friends are moving to @ LOCATION1 and she has no idea what it is or where it is. So we searched the internet and found so many interesting things about it." , says @ PERSON5 Computers can also teach students about new cultures. A @ CAPS3 @ ORGANIZATION2, @ ORGANIZATION2, @ PERCENT2 students have discovered @ NUM2 new cultures in one year, thanks to computers. Not only can computers tell people about interesting places, but also interesting people. I didn't know the president @ PERSON2 had brothers @ NUM3 and grew up at @ LOCATION2, did I ? Computers can be used in schools to help teach students new things. Computers are used by many people to interact with others. using computers is an easy way to talk with friends. The use of instant messaging is free! Now parents don't have to pay annoying phone bills anymore ! In a recent survey in the city of @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5, @ PERCENT3 of people there thought it was much easier to use computers to talk to friends. Computers can help people meet new people online. Have you ever heard of dating sites? Well, here's what @ PERSON1 has to say about it : "@ CAPS6 wonderful! @ CAPS2's husband and I met online and have been together for @ NUM4 years." @ CAPS7 you have a fawn cousin and if you call him or write him a letter, is it too expensive? Well, now you don't have to worry about it anymore because talking to distant relatives online is free! "@ CAPS6 so much easier to talk to people online." says @ PERSON3. Computers can be used to interact with one another. Computers have a very good effect on people. They are useful, can be used to give education, and they can be used to interact with one another.
To whom he @ MONTH1 @ CAPS1, I recently heard about your argument about the effects modern computers have on society. Some people feel that they are having a positive effect, such as learning new information and interacting or chatting with other people. Others think that society spends a lot of time on computers, they think that these people spend less time exercising, enjoying nature and with their families. I have the impression that people devote themselves to the computer. People think all things on the internet are true, they are not, @ PERCENT1 of all teens across the country are addicted to computers. First, things published on the Internet are not always true. They can be posted by anyone, whether they are true or not. My friend found a website with very detailed information for a try. She returned it and the teacher returned it the next day. In big red letters, it was written "false information" @ CAPS2, she had obtained the information from a book. she probably would have obtained an "A +". Second, @ PERCENT1 of the teens living in @ LOCATION1 have become addicted to using the computer. My friend was obsessed with Facebook from @ NUM1 until @ NUM2 she was on, every day. She started to fail in class. She didn't do her homework, didn't study for the exams! She failed the @ NUM3 note. It all happened because she was addicted to a website. This is why I agree with the claim that experts are concerned that people are spending too much time on the @ CAPS2 computer that you want to maintain a healthy lifestyle and avoid getting addicted to the computer, limit yourself. Make the smart choice.
Dear local newspaper, I believe that people who use a lot of technology such as computer are not good, technology can affect adults and even more children. Kids who go to chat rooms like Facebook start to see a difference in their grades. I found out that kids who go on Facebook start not doing their homework and their grades go down completely, I heard a student say that once he was on Facebook he stopped doing his homework and to read his grade of a @ CAPS1 your average @ CAPS2 because he was much more focused on the computer than on school and his reading. I believe computers can be really addicted to people the first time you access a website, it goes from once a day to twice a day and beyond, it's like the computer is sometimes connected to you and that we could let go. People who indulge in online chatting can also be a dangerous thing, young women and men think it is exciting to chat with someone in a different state or city, but it is not exciting, c is very dangerous. Chat online is very dangerous because the person you are talking to might have murdered people or kidnapped children or might be annoyed, but we wouldn't know because on the chat lines you don't have to put the name of your fear you might post a fake photo, and age unknown that's why in cases where something is missing because they haven't thought about it before starting to chat. Another reason that using or being on a computer can be bad as it can be a strong distraction from your family instead of sitting down and asking your family that this is the day when you will be in a rush to go on. the computer. The computer can also reduce your scores on tests and quizzes. the use of a computer. In conclusion @ PERCENT1 people have been affected by computers and it is not a good thing that you can miss a day of work or you can be tired and exhausted because all your energy is wasted, stay off computers unless to be educated.
I didn't agree that people should use the computer often and I said that. My first reason is if you are an old man @ NUM1 or you are not going to make fun of your kids and you are going to have eye problems then you should be using the computer often. My second reason is that you are going to have problems with your wife if she finds out that you are talking to another woman online because a lot of people she marries have found out that they cannot agree with another woman. . My heartbreaking reason is if you're a kid like me you're not going to have fun and you're not going to have friends because the computer glitch came and went and you weren't going to make fun of your family. and your little sister said to play with it. Therefore, you have to use the computer a lot.
@ ORGANIZATION2. Hey my name is @ PERSON1 I'm @ NUM1 I'm going to @ ORGANIZATION1 @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 I'm going to tell you about the experts who say computers affect society. But technology thinks the computer has a positive effect on people. More and more people are using the computer, but not everyone agrees that it benefits society. People think IT benefits society, @ CAPS3 people don't learn more about it, they could also talk to people online if they don't have a cell phone to talk to, you can also search for places you want to go on vacation and you could see what it looks like. The computer is one of the best things they've invested in, but it's bad for some people because they want to research the direction and places of destination, but they can't so it's hard for them. people who do not have a computer find out, the computer does not benefit society. Those who support technological advancements believe that the computer has a positive effect on people. A computer is a big part of my life if @ CAPS2 is late for some classes I could research and study at home and learn more about it. I lost my cell phone, but now I talk to my friends online when my parents want to take me shopping. People learn a lot with computers, the computer is @ CAPS3 the world. You can see the land, the city space and the things happening on the internet, the effect of the computer on the internet, the effect of the society on the society makes it easier. Give people the chance to learn about distant places and people and even allow people to talk online. I dont know about @ LOCATION1 the only thing i knew it was hot but i searched about it @ LOCATION1 is like a cool / park there are alot of fun things you could do so i wanna vacation and things were true. Online is a great place to chat with your friends or family, you can keep in touch. Some experts worry that people are spending time on the computer instead of exercising. @ CAPS1 people spend a lot of time at the computer, but they exercise when they go out with the family, play sports when they shop, walk, exercise, i'm in the 'computer @ NUM2 but still exercise. I play basketball all the time from morning until afternoon because my health is important. You see expert people you might think the computer affects us, but isn't the world really easy to find places to have a wonderful time and it helps us study for @ ORGANIZATION1, we could apply for jobs and @ ORGANIZATION1 computers online are helping us.
Dear readers of @ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS1 can you imagine life without your computer? No? Well that's what I'm trying to change. Millions of @ CAPS2 spend countless hours staring at the '@ ORGANIZATION2, @ ORGANIZATION3 and @ CAPS3 monitors. Spending so much time sitting in one space is unhealthy, not only do people not exercise enough, but they don't have the chance to take ownership of the natural world around them which is constantly changing. evolution. Teens and even young children get lost in the cyber world and do not use their time after school wisely for studying or doing homework. The Internet is also a dangerous place, and the increasing use of the computer is maximizing the problem. For starters, the obesity rate at @ LOCATION1 is rising rapidly, according to a recent study by @ LOCATION2. the government shows that @ NUM1 people are overweight and @ NUM2 people are obese. We @ CAPS4 could reduce obesity rates and be healthier and happier by exercising and getting out more. Spending all of your time glued to a computer screen will only increase your chances of becoming overweight. Second, the more time you spend locked indoors, the less you enjoy nature. The natural world is constantly changing and you will miss out on many incredible opportunities if you hardly ever step out of your front door. Using a desktop computer will wear them out faster than normal, where does your old computer go when you get the @ ORGANIZATION2 ? A discharge ! The more you use your computer, the faster you destroy it. If every @ CAPS5 threw away a computer a year, there would be over @ NUM3 million dells, gateways, macs discarded, we would be living in the trash. Excessive use of the @ CAPS1 computer ruins the environment and harms your health ! What are you waiting for? Go run outside! Ride a bike! Give your computer a break. Finally, the increasing use of the computer is increasing the number of internet predators, and the chances that you or your child may be tormented are skyrocketing. With more and more children on the computer each time, the level of Internet security decreases. Not only could these kids watch inappropriate videos on youtube or cyberbully on @ CAPS6, but they could also give out personal information to people they don't even know without realizing it on myspace and facebook , @ PERCENT1 kidnappings are possible thanks to the information found on the computer. Would you like such a thing to happen to you or your family? I did not mean it. Get up from your comfortable computer chairs and take a walk. Limit your internet and computer usage, it only hurts you, there is no gain. Thanks for reading and don't support the rapid advancements in computer technology.
Dear local newspaper, I have heard that there is controversy over whether computers benefit our society. Based on my opinion, it became clear to me that they are beneficial as they help us keep in touch, finish our daily work and give everyone a fun time. If we were in a world without computers, our society would be completely lost. First of all, a contributing factor is that computers help us stay in touch. Anyone can just send an email with the click of a button. However, if this device were not there, we would be forced to use the postal service or the telephone, both of which cost money. Why wouldn't you want a computer? What if a hurricane is overseas and a family has no idea it's there? All they have to do is check their email or the internet to see the danger they are in. Calling someone is risky because they might not be able to answer for some reason. In a situation like this, computers have become essential for everyone. Obviously, the ability to contact is a great reason computers should be kept. Second, computers help us do our daily work. Almost everyone works during the week, and if you @ MONTH1 don't realize it, we get most of our help from the computers. Let's say a man or a woman is at their desk and they need to create a power point in order to share the new brand of the company. All he needs to do is turn on his computer and start working in the blink of an eye. But without this device, what would they be able to do? How would they finish their work? The need for a @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 or a laptop is obviously important when you are working. Finally, computers give us the ability to play games and browse the Internet freely. When I get home, I usually go straight to my computer like most teenagers do. I can easily check last night's scores or games, listen to music, and play solitaire on my own. I don't need to turn on the @ CAPS3 and wait throve. All those boring ads. I don't need to take a @ CAPS4 and throw it in a boombox. I don't need to collect all the Christmas carols and prepare a game. All I need is my computer. Without a duplicate, fun and useful computers such as games help us. Although some say that computers are not necessary, they help us throughout our lives. Based on my opinion, it became clear to me that they are beneficial as they help us keep in touch, complement our daily work and give everyone a fun time. All of these facts to a final solution, which keeps computers in our society.
I believe that computers have a great effect on people. All over the world, people are using computers to talk online with other people, giving people the opportunity to learn more about people and places far away, and also allowing you to explore the Internet. Computers have a great influence on our way of life. Computers allow people all over the world to interact with their friends and family. Some websites that allow you to do this are myspace, facebook, and @ ORGANIZATION1. With Facebook, you can take a photo of yourself and place it on your webpage. It's relly pretty easy. Plus, with @ ORGANIZATION1, you can chat with your best friends and see what they're up to. But if you want to do this, you will need a webcam. I have @ ORGANIZATION1 and I think it's a wonderful resource. I have relatives at @ LOCATION1 whom I only see once a year. But with the help of my computer, I can interact with them all year round. Computers can enable people from faraway places to learn about another person's culture and ways of life. Have you ever seen the ad where a little boy talks to his father on the computer. Well, in this ad he goes to bed and eats a @ CAPS1 cookie. While he is doing this, he is talking on the computer with his father who is doing the same. At the same time, father and son dip their cokie in a glass of milk, eat it and laugh. I felt at that point that it was a wonderful time because even though they are both in opposite directions, the two are still having fun. Just to think it was all because of one computer. Exploring the Internet is what a computer can do. By doing this, you can play some really fun games on a rainy day when you are bored. You can research what happened during one of your favorite basketball games. Like the number of points @ PERSON1 got for your fantasy team. Also, at my school you can check your grades to see what you got on your last math test or quiz. For example, if I had all of the A's except an @ CAPS2 in math, then I would know that I would really need to study for my next test to get an A on it. With the help of the internet I can do it. So, now you know why computers are a very important part of our society. Computers allow us to talk online with other people, give people the opportunity to learn more about people and places far away, and computers also allow everyone to explore the Internet. As you can see now, computers have a big influence on our way of life.
@ CAPS1 it was the sound of a light bulb going out in your head. You have learned something new ! Yep, if it was the Internet for computers, you'd have to read those boring textbooks. Computers have a good effect on people because they teach so much valuable information, they can answer your question in @ NUM1 seconds, and also they allow you to communicate with the whole world ! Imagine that, you must know who was the third president of @ CAPS2.S. Are you going to go to the computer and save a lot of time? or will you walk towards those miserable books? Guess what ... the capital of @ LOCATION2 is @ LOCATION1, the constitution of @ ORGANIZATION1 says that a person has the right, and @ PERSON1, one of the taller @ CAPS3s, was murdered in his car. Without the Internet, I wouldn't have known. @ NUM2 in @ NUM3 Websites on the Internet have educational value, @ PERSON2, a Technology major at @ CAPS4 recently said: The Internet is a huge part of education, and if it weren't for the computers, we wouldn't know the things we do today. It has so much to learn, it is very useful, and it has so much information in it. Lila, a technology major, said : "@ PERCENT1 people communicate through computers, @ PERCENT2 through phones, and @ PERCENT3 through mail." @ NUM4 in @ NUM5 people over nine years old, have an email. An incredible number of emails are sent every day. What would it be without our computers? Think about those numbers you just read, isn't it amazing ? Computers have a good effect on people because they teach so much valuable information, they can answer your question in @ NUM1 seconds, and they also allow you to communicate with the whole world. If you just take a step back, you'll notice how much something really means to you. "
Dear local newspaper, more and more people are becoming addicted to computers. I am here to say that computers are not the best way to benefit our society. First of all, most @ CAPS1 spend less time with friends / family and more time looking through a screen. Plus, it would be so much better for our body and mind to go out and enjoy nature instead. Finally, you can get addicted to the computer. So here are my reasons why computers do not benefit our society. My first reason includes friends and family. more and more people are neglecting to spend time with their loved ones to level up on " wars @ CAPS2 ". @ CAPS3 is this really how we want our future generations to grow up, staring blankly at computer screens ? I know I don't want this. I know this from personal experience. When I was young I visited my cousin @ PERSON1. All I could see of him was a quick "@ CAPS4", but then I escaped to his bedroom to continue clicking angrily on the computer. The point @ CAPS3 you cannot replace family and friends with a computer screen. This is not true. My next argument against @ CAPS3 computers on our bodies and minds. The best way to take care of these things @ CAPS3 nature. Unfortunately, most @ CAPS1 don't go out to exercise because of the computers. In fact, almost @ NUM1 @ CAPS1 say they spend more time on the computer than anywhere else. This @ CAPS3 is not a good way to spend time. We need to fix this problem before more @ CAPS1 are passed from nature to computers. Fresh air, trees and birds are much better than a screen, a few clicks and the hum of a machine. My third and final reason @ CAPS3 about addiction. So many people get addicted to the things they find on their computers. Addiction @ CAPS3 a very serious problem that we need to solve. All of this @ CAPS3 also pointing to laziness for lack of interest in anything else. I know this from personal experience. When my brother first got his computer, he literally locked himself in his room for days. All he did for almost a week was socialize and beat his personal best score in a game. This @ CAPS3 is not the way to treat a device. So as I know you can all see that computers are not having a positive impact on our society. First, the computer @ CAPS3 on the reigning family and friends. In addition, nature @ CAPS3 is becoming less and less of a priority with the computer in mind. Finally, it becomes a global addiction. Thank you for considering all of the arguments I have to offer. I know it really helps people stay in touch with the world, but there are other ways to do it like mail.
Dear local newspaper, @ ORGANIZATION1 is of great benefit to society. They help us discover faraway places, they help us with our schoolwork, and allow us to communicate with other people online. We need computers. Computers allow us to discover other countries, people, @ CAPS1 etc ... How could we know the places where we might want to go on vacation ? Or how might we know more about the places we want to see and the places we want to stay away from ? We need computers to do this. We would never even know some countries if it weren't for computers. The next computers help us with our school work. Sometimes we get project expenses, most of which involve research ! Computers make our job much easier. Plus, instead of lugging your textbooks home from school and back, we can use online textbooks. Why give us extra work is a waste of everyone's time. Instead of wasting your minutes talking on the phone, you can chat online. Losing minutes is wasting money. Who wants to do this? Besides using the keyboard to chat with friends, it will help you in the future. @ NUM1 on @ NUM2 students, say they'd rather talk online than call someone. Computers benefit us with easy-to-learn aces. Computers are much easier to help us with school work than textbooks. Finally, computers allow us to talk to other people online. Without computers everything would be so much more difficult.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, do you think computers are good at giving us useful information ? I @ CAPS2. This is just one of the reasons I agree with using computers. The reasons are as follows : they provide us with information to learn, they allow us to communicate with people and they entertain us. However, I @ CAPS2 understand why anyone would object. Let me explain my point of view. Whenever I need @ CAPS2 or know something that I don't know, I go to my computer and search for it. Many search engines such as @ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS3 and @ LOCATION1 allow us to enter a question or phase and give us links to other websites with information on the subject on which we are trying to learn more. . Computers also help us learn because we can download and install software that helps us learn a Forgian language or even just practice math. For example, my grandfather wanted to learn to speak @ CAPS4 but he didn't have time to go to class. So he ordered a program that teaches him to speak @ CAPS4 while he is at home. Another reason I think computers benefit society is because they allow us to communicate with other people. One way is to use social sites where you have a profile and you can " chat " with your friends by typing whatever you want to say. Another way is video chat. It's when you have a webcam and can see and talk to other people. I think this is very important because @ PERCENT1 of people that computers cause people to become "anti-social". It also helps you connect with old school friends and relatives who are far away. This @ MONTH1 actually improves some people socially if they are shy. @ CAPS2 do you like music, movies and more ? Well, you have access to it through your computer. This is yet another reason why computers can help us. If you go somewhere where you think your kids are going to be bored, all you have to do at @ CAPS2 (if you have a laptop) is put a movie for them to watch. Another way the computer provides entertainment is by letting us listen to music. If you have an iPod or @ NUM1 player, you can download music from the computer. It also provides us with entertainment if we are interested in video games. There is entertainment for everyone. Although I support the use of computers, I understand the negative effect they have on many people. Some of these things are: people stop exercising and gain weight, they @ MONTH1 become less interactive with others, and they @ MONTH1 don't spend as much time in the fresh air. In conclusion, I believe that computers can benefit our society. The reason I think it is: they provide us with information, allow us to communicate and entertain us.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, do you think computers have a positive effect on people ? I know I @ CAPS2. Computers are good for many reasons : @ NUM1 reason is that people can learn about distant places ; @ NUM2 they can talk to people and learn about their culture and @ NUM3 they can teach hand-eye coordination. First of all, if you are taking her, you want to know where you are going. Computers can help you! Also, if you want to find good hotels, you can use the computer for that. If you need transportation, just log into Google and type in what you're looking for. Now, if you are doing a project for school or something in another part of the world, you can log in on your skype, facebook, @ CAPS3, @ CAPS4, or any website you like. You can @ CAPS2 a lot of things while chatting with friends on the internet, such as : finding out about school homework, knowing due dates, making appointments and many other wonderful things. Hand-eye coordination is very important. Computers can help with this. Drivers need very good hand-eye coordination; if you don't have it, plan a big insurance bill. If you don't have good hand-eye coordination, you're going to have a hard time with a lot of things. This is why computers are a good thing to have in our society. You can learn where you're going, the things you need to do, and even become a better driver.
Dear Diary, Computers have a positive effect on people because they teach hand-eye coordination, give people the opportunity to learn more about faraway places and people, and allow people to talk online with others. people. The invention of computers is the most important event of @ DATE1. @ PERSON1, a professor at @ ORGANIZATION3 says that "The invention of computers has led to hundreds if not thousands of new discoveries. Just this week @ CAPS3 discovered @ NUM1 new drugs that could end cancer." A report in @ ORGANIZATION1 stated that @ PERCENT1 of Fortune @ NUM2 companies are run only by computer programs. @ ORGANIZATION1 also states that the other @ PERCENT2 of fortune @ NUM2 companies are planning to transition to IT operations by the end of @ DATE2. For personal use, computers allow you to communicate with your peers in order to work on school projects. Computers make your life in general easier and can help you in any situation in life. First, the computer teaches hand-eye coordination and can improve reflexes and reaction time. Computer video games can prepare you for real-life tasks and challenges by improving your physical skills. There are many flight simulators and driving simulators available in the mainstream market. Nowadays flight schools require their students to complete hundreds of hours in flight simulators. Some driving schools even teach their students to drive in a simulator before setting off on the road. Other games, such as @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, force you to think on your feet and can improve your reflexes. This @ CAPS2 maker takes the bricks away from you and can dramatically improve reaction time as well. All the programs available through the computer can help you overcome real life obstacles and get you thinking creatively. Then, computers allow you to discover distant places and people. This is especially interesting because you can learn about the culture of a country without going there. This opportunity allows you to immerse yourself in different cultures and religions and would facilitate relationships with people in faraway lands. @ CAPS4 once said, "@ CAPS3 is only afraid of what is different from us, therefore @ CAPS3 has nothing to fear if nothing is different." @ CAPS4 meant that if @ CAPS3 knew different people and places of use, @ CAPS3 didn't have to be afraid of anything. Computers allow us to see and learn about people all over the world. Seeing different things enriches our lives and can make us better people. Finally, the invention of computers allows us to communicate with people around the world. With the invention of @ CAPS5, @ ORGANIZATION2 and @ CAPS6, @ CAPS3 can talk to friends who are leaving town. @ ORGANIZATION2 reported that of its @ NUM4 million users, @ NUM5 million users have friends who live in another country. When I had @ NUM6 my friend @ PERSON2 moved to @ LOCATION1. @ CAPS3 missed each other until I became @ NUM7 and @ ORGANIZATION2 was invented. @ CAPS3 were both online one day and I looked up his name to see if he had an account. He did and @ CAPS3 immediately started video chatting every week. Programs like @ CAPS5 allow you to make new friends and reconnect with old friends. In short, the birth of the computer has brought about a huge improvement in society as a whole. Individuals can talk with friends who live in different countries as if they were in the same room. Businessmen and women can have meetings on the computer with programs such as @ CAPS8. Government officials can speak with other leaders around the world. Despite some people who believe that the advent of the computer has affected communication. I believe it is also an effective tool that everyone should have access to.
Dear Diary, I believe that computers have a positive effect on people. I believe this because we can talk to people in different countries in a quarter of a second, we can email other people, and finally we can go to @ LOCATION1, ask @ CAPS1 and get a instant response. First, we can talk to people from different countries. Have you ever had a relative on vacation in a foreign country and have no way to call them to see if everything is okay? Let's say for example that they brought their laptops but for their mobile phones. Then the only way to contact them is by email. Even if this happens, you can keep in touch via email. You can even use a computer so you can video chat and not have to wait for your response. Then we can send emails to other people. Have you ever sent someone a letter by mail and had to wait two to three days for a response? Sometimes your letter is even lost, and that's not a way to find out. Well with email the time to wait for your response depends on how fast the person you are talking to is typing and most people I know can type a response in @ NUM1 to @ NUM2 seconds. I believe it's two to three cars. With email, there's an eighty-three percent chance that your email won't be lost. If for some reason it is lost, a message will be sent to you telling you that your message has been lost and you need to send a new message. But it is highly likely that your message will reach its destination. can go to @ LOCATION1, ask @ CAPS1 and get an instant response. Have you ever wondered about something and the answer was on the tip of your tongue, but you just can't think of it ? If so, you would probably be wise to go to @ LOCATION1. You can ask the @ CAPS1 question and get an instant answer. And I mean @ CAPS1 question you can ask about the price of @ LOCATION2, at what a. If you want, you can also ask math questions, such as what is the square root of pi and what is @ NUM3. From @ LOCATION1 to myspace, the Internet is full of information that can have a positive effect on people. That's why I think it has a positive effect on people, we can talk to people from different countries, we can send emails, and we can ask all kinds of questions.
Dear editor @ CAPS1 you know, @ PERCENT1 children who spend most of their time on the computer who do not exercise can develop weight problems and blood disorders? This is just one of the ways that advancements in computer technology have affected people so far. If progress continues, this number will increase and other @ MONTH1 issues will follow. Some other issues we have @ DATE1 that might get worse are the development of a weak immune system and emotional separation from your family. First of all, let's talk about obesity. Obesity is a terrible sight for someone because of something as stupid as being, basically, addicted to the computer. Obesity can not only contract vital organs, but it can also lead to blood disorders. Blood disorders, such as high blood pressure and diabetes, can cause a heart attack. This cuts off oxygen to vital areas of the body. Which ultimately leads to promoting death. Dealing with obesity is bad enough, but watching them suffer because they have developed a weakened immune system is horrible. In my experience, I have found that people who use computers generally do not have a very good immune system. For example, a friend of mine uses the computer quite often and has developed a weakened immune system. Because of this, at least @ NUM1 school days are missing per week. And because he misses so many days per school year, he usually keeps bad grades. Which is yet another reason why advancements in computer technology are a bad idea. So isn't it relatively obvious that advancements in technology are a bad idea? Especially since children gradually become obese and the development of a weak immune system can affect your life in completely controllable ways ? So I urge you to write an article about it to stop the growing disease known as Technology Health Problems.
Almost everyone is affected by computers in one way or another. Some people think computers are bad because some people spend too much time on their computers. The point is, computers help us in our day-to-day lives. If we want to connect with people around the world to send donations to places in need like @ LOCATION1 or @ CAPS1, we can use computers to do so. We can change the lives of people in third world countries with the help of computers. Computers can also help us at school. When a student has to write a report and has bad handwriting, they can just type it up and print it. Or if a student needs to do research for an essay, they can easily find the information on the computer. Maybe a child has forgotten their homework, they can go to their school website and find it. My last point would be that computers are a big help for businesses. When files are lost or misplaced, the worker (s) can use the computer and view the backup file. When they need to order supplies, most of the time they go to a website and order online. Or when updates are released on upcoming events in that business, an email is sent and is found using a computer. A lot of people think that people abuse their computers, but users don't blame ours. We should choose how long we use a computer. Many jobs would be impossible without computers. It is not a question of abusing it. So overall I say computers are good and very useful when used in the right hands.
Dear Diary, I read your article on how people think about the effects of computers. I think having computers is a very good thing. With them we can talk to others from afar and quickly. You can learn a lot too. It also teaches hand-eye coordination. My number one reason they're good is because you've been running around talking to others. Without computers, it would be almost impossible to meet people from far away and talk to them so easily. They even have webcams so you can see yourself. You can use @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, webcams, or even a simple comment on facebook or myspace. @ CAPS2 or webcams are the fastest and maybe even the coolest way. Second, you can learn that computers have so many websites that give a lot of information and want it too. It's much easier to go online and type something and then look at a bunch of books. Internet contains dictionaries, news stations, weather, history and where you can find things. With all that, you don't even need books. They even have maps and you can print out the directions. My last reason is that he teaches hand-eye coordination. When you first start using computers, you are normally quite young, and sometimes you don't always type the fastest. Computers have become so advanced that there are even touch screens and wireless masts. So when you start out you normally look down to see what you are writing, later adults want you to look at the screen when it gets easy, you know your hand-eye coordination has developed a lot better that when you declared it. In conclusion I think that computers are a good part of everyday life and that there is not a bad part. They facilitate communication between people, help you learn, and teach children good and quick hand-eye coordination.
I think computers benefit us. They allow us to interact with people, talk to distant family, help us with school, give us easy access to information, and many more people usually have family and friends living away from each other and the computer allows us to interact with them. The computer allows us to send them emails and instant messages, play against them, be their friends on websites like Facebook so that you can see recent photos of them. It is not easy to interact with family and friends who live so far away and the Internet allows us to do so. The computer not only allows you to talk to your family and friends, but it also allows you to meet new people and interact with new people from all over the world. This allows you to make new friends and play with them or chat. The computer really helps you stay in touch with other people and it's a very easy and convenient way to do it. The next thing the computer helps us to entertain ourselves. The kids are very hip and after homework is finished we have nothing to do so the computer allows us to play games, chat with friends, watch movies and videos, download pictures. , etc. It does a lot for us. Children can go out after school, but if they can use the computer, it allows them to go home where their parents know they are safe and away from drugs, alcohol and the like. bad things they can get into. Just because kids love the computer doesn't mean it's the only thing they do. Kids are very athletic, still play sports, and are always more hip, but the computer helps them get away. They go to school for hours, then go to basketball or soccer practice, sometimes we just need a break. The computer is not always fun, but it is very useful. The computer helps us at school. It allows us to type in essays and projects. It also allows us easy information to help write the essays. Websites such as Google and Bing are easy to use websites to help us obtain accurate and quality information on the subject matter we are dealing with. The computer is very useful when it comes to school. As you can see the computer is very important in our lives and makes life much easier and it is up to you how much you want to spend on it. But anyway, the computer is definitely good for us.
People should use computers, they benefit society. More and more people use them @ DATE1 and agree that these virtual information and communication portals are extremely useful. Think about it, the paper is made of trees and big to get the paper, you have to cut the tree first and then go through a whole unnecessary process to get this paper. If everyone was using computers, we wouldn't have to. cut down these beautifully lush trees. Also, have you ever needed to get information quickly? Well, instead of going through a book and possibly searching for hours on end, finding this information on the Internet would be so much faster! Finally, in the future everything will eventually work with computers, so is now and later! They will never get old! Computers are extremely useful with endless information. A lot of people @ DATE1 are very sensitive to our surroundings and the way we treat the earth. They are looking for new ways to help the world be as green as possible. An easy alternative to paper is a computer. Once for school, I was assigned an assignment ; I easily looked up the information on the computer, typed it in, and emailed it to my teacher. Not a single piece of paper had been used! Okay, I know computers use a lot of power, but to be honest, it doesn't have to be. Many people around the world use solar panels to get their energy from the sun to power their lights, computers, etc. ! Using computers is extremely environmentally friendly and, as I said before, is a great alternative to our daily waste of paper and pencil. Want to find information quickly? Well on the computer you can! All you do is type what you need into a search engine and @ CAPS1 ! you have the information you need! Instead of using a book (which wastes trees) to slowly find your information, you can use a simple computer to get the job done. A poll was symbolic and shows that @ PERCENT1 of @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 school students who use the computer to research information get faster and more accurate results ! Do you want this information or a slowness found in a boring book ? The future is not far off. It's already @ DATE2 and we use the computer for so much. Okay, the computer causes distractions and headaches if used too long, but it's a great invention of the future. Instead of going to a restaurant and ordering, we will be ordering computers / touch screens. More and more people are offering better and faster computers. Everyone uses and loves computers and they will definitely be used in the future. Hope you see how amazing computers can be. They are environmentally useful and a great alternative to paper, they help you quickly find the information you need and the teacher awards the grade " I do all my work on the computer, otherwise I would be. lost ”. And finally, they are the future of our world! They are the present and the future of the technical world.
A lot of people love computers and like to use them for many different reasons. Some people use them to get an online education. Others use them to talk to family and distant friends. Students also use them for school research. These are the reasons why the computer could be a good device. There are a lot of people who now have the option of getting an education online because of the issues they are having. For example, people who cannot walk and don't like to go to regular school. The computer would help them find a website where they could get free education. The computer would see at what level there is like an ordinary teacher. The computer would make things so easy and better for people who don't have the ability to walk that they can even study for the test they have on the computer. This is one of the reasons why many people use the computer. Many family members use the computer to try to find a friend they haven't seen for a long time or a distant family. They even contact them while chatting on websites. They also look up the address and phone number. Many people find family there thanks to the Internet. They meet on site and even meet in houses. The computer would make their dreams come true by finding their family. It would be an exciting event for them which is why they need a computer. This is one of the very important reasons why students use the computer for their research projects. Without computers, students will not be able to find the information they need. The computer was teaching students about people in the past that they didn't know or hadn't met. The computer would make them want to know more about an interesting story. Children need a computer to raise their intelligence higher. These are the reasons why I think we all need a computer. We need it for people who cannot walk, for people who have family and friends far away, and for students who want to learn more. These are all things that people love to do on a computer. If there was no computer, it would crush everyone's dream and future. So these are some reasons why a lot of people decide to be on computer.
@ ORGANIZATION1, Is technology advancing considerably and more and more inventions are emerging ? but don't you worry that people are spending too much time on tech? I know @ CAPS1 is worried. For example computers. Computers have to use technology to go online and chat with various people all over the world. This is when I worry. In this essay, I will explain why it is bad to spend too much time on computers. it's bad because people don't appreciate nature and don't interact with family and friends. First, people want to understand how important it is to excise. This is very important because it keeps you fit and healthy. With the use of computers, people become less fit and healthier. They start to gain weight, the carasaprel gets high and they stress more. Second, they don't like mother nature. When people start to use computers, they stop doing a lot of things. Like stopping to go out and get some fresh air. They get locked in a little bubble and all they talk about is computers. They don't go out to camp, don't play outside; they do nothing. Every day they are on the computer. Finally, a big main problem is that they stop interacting with their family and friends. When mothers and fathers do it, they don't pay attention to these kids and they're always on it. When teens are on computers, they don't talk to these parents, they ignore their friends and the people who care about them the most. They won't care about everyone, but themselves @ CAPS2 there you have it ; that is why I think we should reduce the use of the computer. For the following reasons: People stop exercising and getting fit. They stop enjoying mother nature, and they stop @ NUM1 with their family and friends. @ CAPS2 what do you think ?
I think computers are a great thing to have because most are portable, it's fun to have, and you can research a lot of things on them. Laptops are round computers. They are very convenient to have. You can take them wherever you want. Many people have laptops at home or with them. It is fun to be had because you can also play a lot of games in your free time with them. Another thing you can do is make videos. Finally, you can just enjoy it. You can research a lot of things on them. The Internet is a very successful product. This means that you can use it for your home work if you need help. The Anthor thing is that you can type in any essays you need to do for work and / or school. I think computers are good to have because most are portable, they're fun to have, and you can research a lot on them.
Dear @ CAPS1, I think people should exercise more than they go on the computer. Computers are one of the main reasons our nation's obsession rate is as high as it is now, including junk food like mcdoanld. I myself am a huge fan of computers, don't get me wrong. I would be on the computer all night if I could but I don't want my body to come out. I go to bed at @ NUM1 I usually stay on the computer for an hour or two depending on if I'm doing a project. Also, going less on the computer might make your life more fun instead of sitting inside, going outside and playing sports like soccer, spending time with your friends and having a @ CAPS2 with your family. Do something other than be turned on. Conceivably, if people just sit on the computer for @ NUM2 an hour and a half, the obsessive ! will go down. It could also help save our planet by saving energy.
Dear local newspaper, I think people all over the world can use computers : the reason I @ CAPS1 is because a lot of people use computers for a lot of things. All over the world people are using computers for something important, in an emergency, and more. We the kids / students of @ ORGANIZATION1 use computers to go to myspace, facebook and lie chat. to talk to our friends or even to talk to other people around the world. We are also talking to our family who live somewhere far from @ LOCATION1 about lives here in @ LOCATION1 but in a different state. Many of us kids go to myspace to talk to friends, family, people we don't even know, people around the world, and people we haven't seen in since. years. Well, people are also using computers to sell drugs which is very bad for our environment. This is a good reason why people are so efficient and addicting to their computers because bad people and drug dealers sell drugs on the internet and other bad people and drug dealers buy drugs on the internet . As far as I know a lot of people on the enternet, I also know that people outside the enternet wouldn't do these things and even people inside the enternet wouldn't do these bad things and wouldn't do these things. would not sell drugs on the internet. The reason I know this is because they are my friends. They are smart and they wouldn't do anything like that on the internet or even at all. I'm still telling you at my local newspaper that people all over the world can use any computer, @ CAPS2, @ NUM1 or whatever as long as they have a connection, but as for drug dealers and bad people , it's more than if they want to keep doing what they want because eventually they will get a cough and be taken to jail. I tell you that computers are made for fun but not for drugs on the internet but still
Nowadays, tech industries are taking hold of modern society and captivating users, making them practically addicted. What's the point ? Those who indulged in the online world are less interactive and have shown more signs of depression in recent studies. Moreover, if you are sitting on the computer all day, you are not burning calories and therefore gaining unnecessary weight which could easily be avoided. Going to the library is just as useful if not more useful than going on the Internet. Finally, have you thought about the harmful effects, Trojans, cyberstalking, violence? In other words, computers are just a waste of money. Families are less and less linked to each other, who is to blame. It's that big tech book on your desk. Rather than socializing and just hanging out with family and friends, computer addicts choose to sit on their butt talking and playing. They teach our family to separate. "@ CAPS1 a man @ LOCATION1 on his two kids' computer obsession." I swear they're on this stuff for hours, "she says. of people with depression admitted to being online for at least @ NUM1 hours a day What does all this show? Computers are abuse taking them out of your child's life, or at least limiting them. Studies prove that @ PERCENT1 of people who spend most of their day surfing the web are either overweight or borderline overweight, rather than going out into the real world and experimenting life on their own, they research it online and trust the opinions of others. Does this mean anything to you ? Overweight people have a higher risk of aging, and if not If so, they have pretty health problems, all because they didn't want to breathe like that. Dan It's a library environment, people tend to be more on the job. You @ MONTH1 ask yourself the answer is just that the is too expansive and distracting. If you are in the library, you can't be in so much trouble, you can't play games online, or even watch things that are inappropriate. Libraries have more credible sources and reliable information from which to study. Not to mention that you can go there with family, friends or even be tutored. Computers don't provide that. Going to the library is a better solution. I have to admit that I used to be a computer addict, and believe me, the effects on people are excruciating. Now that I have passed this period of my life, I can honestly say that the addictive hold she has over you is strong, I know that. I also know firsthand the rewards of being clean from this harmful drug for example. I am more sociable than ever and I deal with problems much better. I am @ NUM2 books and in the best shape of my life and have even made it through the school support team. I often go to the library to study and I have to say that I am very proud of who I have become. I spent about @ NUM3 hours online and slept. If I can do it, you can understand that my name is @ CAPS2 and I am a computer addiction survivor. "
Dear journal @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 examines the advancements in technology over the years and can tell what an influence it has had on the day and the people. The question is: are these advances for the best? Or will they turn for the worse? Today I am going to talk to you about technology, and why I think it is badly benefiting society. With people spending less time exercising and enjoying nature, leaving their social life behind by constantly being on the computer, they don't realize how much they hurt themselves. The number of obese people, especially among children, is increasing every day. This is due to lack of exercise, as some people are too busy answering text messages, talking on the phone, and playing unnecessary video games. Not only do they harm themselves physically, but they definitely miss out on the wonderful aspects of Mother Nature! Why not get out for a bit, escape the tech prison cell you have all been wrapped in. L '@ ORGANIZATION1 is one of the most beautiful countries in the world, take advantage of it! Now, without proper exercise, you are putting your heart at serious risk. Even doing smaller things like jumping jacks or cunups can help keep your heart healthy ! Your parents, and even your parents, are the ones who brought you into the world, fought for you in times of need, and would do anything to protect you. What would you say if I told you that technology repels them? Texting at the table while they are trying to make conversation, never giving yourself space because you are playing "fun" games, hiding behind the face of technology everything that a lot of people are doing at home. place to socialize with the people who matter most : family and friends. Although your friends @ MONTH1 are easier to get along with, they still happened that you are too busy spending time with your computer to come meet them @ CAPS3 a single person can live without a friend and that friend needs you ! Take time for the people who have a special place in your heart before they are gone. In short, technology is corrupting the minds of human beings ... and it has to stop! like i said be healthy and happy and spend enough time with the people around you who knows maybe they will make you happier than your electric mate. So, fellow citizens, jump off that office chair, turn off your electronics, and get back to the real world.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, I have heard that people think about how computers adversely affect people and I disagree. Computers are so helpful to people in schools, workplaces and at home. Not having computers would have a worse effect on people than having computers. For students, researching and typing essays, letters and so much other writing is absolutely necessary, and the same is true for all of society. In almost every school in the country, students use computers on a daily basis. Personally I have to log into the computer to type a tryout for a class at least twice a week and some @ ORGANIZATION1 even more. For example, my teacher @ CAPS1 asks our class to write a lot of essays or letters. She has told us time and time again that if our handwriting is not good, she will not rate it. Having the computers to type on takes away the fact that if our teacher can't read it, she can't grade it. I understand that people would say that people have a lot less need to write things by hand and people would lose the ability to write things by hand but with advanced technology on computers and type n no matter what with such a pose, soon handwriting will no longer be required. Anyone for any research they need can be found so easily using a computer. For students of any grade and grade, research projects will be assigned by a teacher. The use of books and other research media is slow and inefficient. Connecting to a computer and finding the photo is quick and easy, and performs better than books. The same goes for jobs, for example a person may need to set up a PowerPoint presentation. Not only does the computer have powerpoint - which is an efficient way to set up projects, but the computer allows that person to do research in one place. It makes it so much easier to get a lot of information and not have to run around to buy books and talk to people who know the subject. I understand that computers could "take over" people and people spend too much time on them. But among the few people who stay on computers for a long time to learn how to balance their time, keeping the computers would be beneficial in many ways. Writing many essays, letters, typing for projects, and doing research would be faster and easier.
Dear newspaper readers, @ CAPS1 computers have really changed the way people use technology. It has made our society different in many ways. People can view information faster than ever with this device. People can also talk to friends, especially on popular websites, computers are even used in school, mainly college. @ CAPS1 a benefit of using it in school, means so much to people and their education, computers have changed the human race forever. When my grandparents went to school, they had no idea what a computer was. their guide was prior knowledge, the knowledge of a teacher or a dictionary. We are so lucky today to even have computers in our school because my grandparents wished they had something as simple and fast as a computer. Accessing @ CAPS1 to a computer can really help people in different ways, mainly around the world. What's the first place you would go to talk to people online: @ CAPS2. Does @ NUM1 people on @ NUM2 people have @ CAPS2. The reason this paper is so popular is talking to friends that they also love to talk to. From my experience in Canada I also have @ CAPS2 which is surprising. Talking to around the country is amazing. As you are the opportunity for people to make new friends. It can also affect the way people live. When teens are in high school, they have a choice to talk about a specific class, almost like helping a class, because when you're in college there are so many in a short period of time. I have people who are standing for our newspaper. @ CAPS1 is a benefit for everyday life, especially in college, as it is an opportunity for someone to improve their typing skills. In conclusion, I think @ CAPS1 computers are affecting our society in a positive way. Thank you for reading this letter, and I hope you can take it into account. Computers @ CAPS1 have radically changed lives forever.
Dear, @ CAPS1 paper editor, we should stop because people are not doing anything while staying at home using the computer. Making life worse, they would have to go a day without computers and everyone go out and expose themselves. Wo could map the world better the more you. Exercise, the stronger people are on computers because they could play games there, but sometimes we have to go out. Sometimes I like to use the computer but a little too much ground that I don't get this mach exercise and hope I could stop from that and go out and exercise more. We would have computers, but we won't use them for a long time and then move more outside. We should only babysit two or three hours a day. When they use the computer that they use for hours, it's not good, they should go out, that's why.
Dear local newspaper, I think that computers have a great advantage for people. The first friends of the family can communicate at a distance. Second, typing on the computer gives people good eye and hand coordination. Third, they give people the opportunity to learn about faraway places. Finally, it gives students a chance to research a topic they are learning about. Well @ CAPS1 do you think so? Researcher @ PERSON1 said that nearly @ PERCENT1 family members live far from each other. computers allow families to communicate whether it is their goal or a webcam chat. Also on @ PERCENT1 families who live far from each other @ PERCENT2 use the computer to communicate. Hand and eye coordination, some people type without looking and some people are really slow. Typing on a computer results in excellent hand and eye coordination. Good hand and eye coordination can be used for a lot of things. For example, playing sports or even a simple task like throwing something in the trash. Finally, have you ever wanted to know more about a place far from your home or have you ever researched a topic for school ? Well i have. The computer gives people the ability to learn about faraway places. For example, in third grade, I had to do some research on hammerhead sharks. Doesn't the teacher always ask his student to search for a word or a subject on the computer ? Like I said before, I think computers have an advantage over people. I hope my three reasons to contact my family, my friends, my hands and my eyes and finally my research made you think this was also a good thing. Thanks for taking the time to read @ CAPS1 which I had to say and hope you will take it into consideration.
Dear local @ CAPS1, I think computers have a positive effect on people. There are many ways that computers can have positive effects on humans, first of all computers bring people together and allow people to interact with each other, they allow people to talk to each other. Computers also allow people to learn new things. The internet has so much information. Computers also allow people to do things that they cannot do without a computer. Computers therefore have a positive effect on people. Computers allow people to interact with each other. Computers bring people together. People can use the Internet to send e-mail to each other. When you need to write someone a letter, it can take days for them to get it. But with email, they would get it the second you send it. There are also websites like Facebook that let you talk to your friends, websites like the ones that connect people. When you and your friend can't talk to each other, just log into your computer. Computers also have a web camera, which allows people to talk to each other. and you can see them. It allows people to see other people's facial expressions and hear their voice, which is better than on a phone and writing a letter to someone, which is why computers have a positive effect on people. people Computers also allow you to learn new things whenever you want to find something or if you have a question you go on the Internet. If you are someone else, they might not know the answer. The computer allows people to view photos and videos. If you wanted to see a picture of @ CAPS2, you go into a computer and type it into the computers, let people see pictures that they couldn't see in real life. Vidios lets you watch things like something funny to brighten up your day. If you like a show and missed it, you can find it on your computer. This is why IT benefits people in a positive way. Computers also allow you to do things that you could not live without. When a teacher asks me to type a piece of paper, I always do it on the computer. If there weren't any computers I would have to use a typewriter and if I made a mistake I would have to type everything back. Computers also allow you to play music. On the computer you can put a CD and it will play music. Computers allow you to do things that couldn't be happening. Computers benefit society and have a positive effect on people. They allow people to interact with each other and they bring people together. They let people talk to each other. Computers also allow you to learn new things. They also allow you to do things that you couldn't be without. Computers have many positive effects on people, so I hope you will agree that computers benefit society.
Dear local newspaper, The effects of computers on people are also positive I say it is positive because if you are in a rush and you don't know if you need your rain boots or not? Check the computer! I say this is positive because without the computer how would most offices run their business? It's too painful to keep everything in files. Especially in schools because teachers do not keep their notes for the students in a binder! They keep them on the computer, @ CAPS1 they would need a huge filing cabinet. I could understand why some people think computers have such a bad effect on people. They might think it takes time away from nature, friends and family. But so many people take their laptops to the local park to sit under a tree on a warm day and go there on the computer. Mostly the students do it, they do their homework under the sheets to help them relax. Also, people whose family or friends live in other states, they @ MONTH1 don't have the house number, or they don't have time for a long conversation, they can send them an e -mail, or use social networks like facebook or myspace to look on their profile pages and say a quick note : "@ CAPS2, how are you ?" Local store owner @ PERSON1 says, "I barely have time for myself! So when I want to say @ CAPS2 to my sister at @ LOCATION1, I usually say hello on Facebook because I know how good she is. love talking to me! " I remember one morning, as I was rushing to school, I had no idea what kind of outfit to wear. I checked the local newscasting website for the weather forecast and thank goodness I did ! I would have had stock in a downpour without an umbrella! Computers are also useful if you want to keep up with the news or just relax and play whatever games you can. So if you are wondering about the weather to see if today will be a good day to sit under the trees in the park and catch up by typing that report with your partner, then go for it. But don't forget to email her and ask her first, since you've lost her phone number.
@ ORGANIZATION1, @ NUM1 of @ NUM2 people interviewed in @ LOCATION1, @ CAPS1 agree that the use of computers is beneficial to society. Personally, I am worried about these @ NUM1 people, computers have a positive effect on people. There are several reasons why I think the use of computers is really beneficial to society, including because it can teach good hand-eye coordination, give people the opportunity to learn from distant places and people, and even allow people to talk online with other people. Again, I think computers can have a positive effect on people. First of all, it's a proven fact that most sports over physical exercise involve hand-eye coordination to some extent. Computers can help reach people from an early age with good hand-eye coordination. When a person uses a computer, they must keep an eye on the screen while being able to use the mouse or keyboard. It takes a lot of coordination if you're wondering why you don't even like looking at the mouse on the keyboard when they're typing, they just know where everything is. People disagree with what I'm saying often use the excuse that when people spend too much time on computers, they don't exercise enough. However, I believe this is not true. The hand-eye coordination that people learn on the computer helps to improve their skills and coordination in sports, for example in baseball, a person has to look at the ball to catch it, but at the same time they have to move their arm. to catch it. this. This is where hand-eye coordination helps. It shows that computers can benefit society by teaching people hand-eye coordination. On top of that, @ PERCENT1 of @ ORGANIZATION2 teachers believe that computers can be used as a great tool to help students learn. Computers give people the ability to learn about distant places and people. They give people access to information about a foreign place or people available in or other resource areas. On the computer, you can go to a search site and type in my place around the world. Then all they have to do is search and they have dozens of information about this place and pictures, @ CAPS2 is a company that advances in technology that people learn and that they can with a simple button. In addition, I think it is also a tool in schools. Teachers can ask students to do projects on different countries on people and the student can easily retrieve the information on the computer. Computing benefits society as it can teach different places and people. Computers can help people get interested in these different topics and @ MONTH1 can even inspire some people to go to those faraway places or hack into different people. Finally, @ NUM4 on @ NUM5 respondents had some sort of way to contact people online, whether through email or Facebook. Computers allow people to take online with other people. In our modern society, it is very important that a person has friends, that's why staying with friends, if you live very far from home, it hasn't made them for a while connecting them to the computer is a great way to keep i touch. Those who disagree with my opinion think that spending time on the computer means less time with family and friends. I believe it is quite the opposite. Since @ CAPS2 lives in modern times, families understand that children go to college, they could go far or even across the country. Having a computer allows this family to chat with an easy way to keep in touch and talk to each other. People talking to each other online are just another way computers benefit society. It's now or never! Computers can benefit society. They reach people. Hand-eye coordination can be used throughout our lives. Most importantly, they give people the opportunity to learn more about faraway places and people. Finally, they allow people to talk online with others. @ CAPS2 lives in modern times, society is moving forward every day and computers are an integral part of it ! They have a positive effect on people.
Dear local newspaper, I disagree because people should just be spending time with their families and not on the computer doing nothing. Do you agree with me so far ? First of all, if you were wasting all your time using the computer, there is nothing, you cannot do anything, because I noticed that many children are on the computer after school and play on the computer. For example my cosiun is on the computer everyday, but are you wasting his time, are you still with me. Second, children should study on the computer, not play video games, and access websites that are not allowed over @ NUM1. on the computer. Third, students will never learn anything if they have time, because the computer is for studying and many students do not have the time wisely, as they also should, many students should use the computer only sometimes not every day. I have noticed that so many students don't have it learn from the computer because they don't study the mother tests so @ PERCENT1 the student fail classes because of the computer. First of all, people should spend time with and with their friends because they are the most important people around computers. Are you still with me? Second, friends are the most important people I have ever had because they care and love you like their family, but if you were just on a computer how do you know all your friends . For example, always on computer, I never go to see her friends and her friends here because she never cares about their only computer, god understand what I'm saying here. Third, family is also important, then just being on the computer, because they care about you, you should at least spend time with the family, for example, many families stop spending time together because the computer is important to them. Finally, helping your community is a goal because you give the appearance of your city, you do not want it, it is also a lot of people who leave the help with the proximity service around the neighbor, for example, I saw garbage on the ground and because they don't care. Finally, going out to play sports and getting in shape is very important. Firstly, playing sports is far away and you have health, but people no longer do sports just because the computer, for example @ NUM2, people stop playing sports, secondly, it is very important because it 'is good.
I believe computers have a positive effect on people. They teach hand-eye coordination, give people the chance to learn about faraway places and people, and even allow people to talk online with other people. All of these things are good so why not use computers, we need computers. Do you think computers are a positive effect or a negative effect? After hearing this, you might want to agree that computers have a positive effect. Computers have a positive effect in many ways, for example : at school, at work, talking to others and just getting information. From different websites. If we didn't have computers or if we weren't using them, we would probably be using books. We would get information from books, but not as much as we would get from the computer. We probably wouldn't know much if it weren't for the computers. The reason computers have such a positive effect is that you work your eyes and while typing you exercise your hands. It proves hand-eye coordination. We learn from places we don't live like this? At an earthquake, we went to websites for it. You learn how it is in a certain place that you want to go on vacation to. You can learn about famous people you don't know, so all you have to do is go to the computer and search for your fame. The computer is something people use to talk to people and keep in touch. We now have @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3 and others. We use it to talk to our friends and family. Some of our family or friends live in remote places, so we use the computer to talk. If you have an email address, teachers and people at work may need to email each other to run business. You can even find work for students at school so that they can learn more and do different activities. You can even play games on the computer. You can explore nature on the computer. I think the computer is a great way to learn and talk to others. Do you want your child to learn? Want your child to have fun? So tell me what you think! Computers have a positive effect.
I believe computers have a negative effect on people. Computer use affects a person's time because they sit for hours on end playing online games, @ CAPS1 also affects health because there is no fresh air or time spent with their family, well @ CAPS1 affects education because the time they could use to do homework there on the computer. The first use of the computer affects a person's time, @ CAPS1 does so by wasting hours sitting there when you might be outside playing or doing chores around your house. You could help your family or friends, but instead play computer games. There is all the time you could have done something good, wasted because of the computer. The computer also affects your health because you are in an indoor room that does not receive air. You also don't exercise and help your body. It could affect your emotional health. When you are on the computer you don't talk to people and get social and you might lose connections with your friends and family. When you lose your connections and become so, you will use your computer more and @ CAPS1 will become worse. My last reason is that @ CAPS1 affects education because when you could do your homework and study for a significant amount of time on your computer without learning anything then you go to school and maybe mess up forever ! It's really bad because you were on the computer. A few times I put my homework aside to use the computer and my grades have dropped a lot. This is why @ CAPS1 affects education. These are the reasons why the computer affects education, your health, and your time. I know you think computers could be used for education, but humans prefer fun to anything else and hope this helped you realize it.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 is called @ PERSON1. I am @ NUM1 and going to an @ ORGANIZATION1 at @ LOCATION1 called @ ORGANIZATION1. I am a really smart kid. In @ CAPS1's view, I am benefiting people who use computers. You should keep reading the @ CAPS1 essay because I will tell you @ NUM2 good reasons why I benefit people using computers. @ CAPS1 The first reason is that they teach hand-eye coordination, give people the opportunity to learn more about distant places and people. For example, when I always use the computer and when I do research, it always gives me the opportunity to learn new places and new people. Another example is that every time I watch @ CAPS2.V on @ CAPS3 @ NUM3 it says people get to know far off places and people on the internet @ PERCENT1 of the time. The second reason for @ CAPS1 is that it allows people to chat online with other people, for example when I'm on the computer everyday I visit @ CAPS1 facebook, it always gives me a chance to talk to friends of @ CAPS1 and others online. Another example is when I go to a computer and search computers.org it says it allows people @ PERCENT2 time to talk to others online. @ CAPS1 @ NUM4 reason is that it allows students to get information when doing a project. For example, when I always use @ ORGANIZATION1 computers, it allows me to get information, for example, about @ LOCATION2 and @ PERSON2 govina, that's why I benefit people using computers. Another example is that every time I look at a magazine on computers it tells me that kids get a lot of information when they do @ PERCENT2 time projects. In conclusion, I benefit computer users because they teach hand-eye coordination, give people the opportunity to know more about far away places and people, it allows people to talk online with other people and it allows students to get information when doing projects. These are the @ NUM2 reasons why I benefit people using computers. So please local newspaper please try to make this believable.
Dear Editor, Computers are a waste of time. When the children come home from school, they write their name work and go straight to the computer. Computers waste the minds of small children, while others don't even bother to look outside because they are on the computer. If there is only one computer in your house and there is no time limit on the duration of use, it can cause problems between siblings or adults. If your brother or sister has been on the computer for a very long time and you want to continue and have no more parents, there will probably be arguments and yelling. Also, if someone does something they weren't supposed to do on the computer that messes it up, the person who always fixes it can go really crazy. “@ CAPS1 a great day out” is what a lot of people get from their parents. Most people spend their day sitting at the computer with their favorite snack. A lot of people won't even look outside because they're too lazy to get up from the computer and go for a walk or maybe play in the snow. My little brothers love to play computer shooting games, they are only @ NUM1 @ NUM2 years old! They're twins, so they like the same things, so they both like to kill people in games. I'm pretty sure almost every other boy in the world getting older feels the same. What I mean is that these games don't teach children anything. All @ CAPS1 teaches them is how to kill people or animals, or do dangerous things in case they get hurt. I hope my letter has shown people that computers can hurt other people and ruin your life and that instead of going to the park with your family you are spending that time on the computer. Most of the time it has a negative effect on people, which is not very good.
Dear @ CAPS1 from my local newspaper, More and more people are using computers, but not everyone agrees that it benefits society. These boxes can be harmful to the eyes of their users. In addition, they lead to less interactions with “real” people. Finally, they lead to a very unhealthy lifestyle. Computers are harmful to our society. For starters, computers are bad because they are very bad for our eyes. Between @ DATE1 @ DATE2 and @ DATE3, doctors saw an almost increase in @ PERCENT1 eye problems that resulted in surgery, glasses, or contact. This can be directly associated with the overuse of personal computers. In addition, studies have shown that ordinary citizens who use these cootraptions for more than four hours a day end up with extremely deteriorated vision at the age of @ NUM1. Finally, @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 stated that the overuse of computers has had a very negative effect on the eyesight of their workers. You can see how the work is done faster, but the cost of medical treatment actually exceeds the little extra profit obtained from modernization. Second, computers are harmful because they reduce the time you spend with "real" people. For starters, studies have shown that people just don't learn as much about their peers by talking to them through a box. Additionally, a study from @ ORGANIZATION1 showed that there are approximately @ PERCENT2 fewer conversations at social gatherings than just @ DATE1. This is alarming because at this rate, @ MONTH1 people never get to know each other and the @ MONTH1 world becomes an electronic workspace. Finally @ PERSON1, Social Relations Professional, said people find themselves with a lack of understanding when they can't feel a person's emotion when they speak. Of course, you can video chat, but it still doesn't convey the real feeling behind a person's words. Finally, computers are harmful as they lead to a very unhealthy lifestyle. For starters, the lack of fresh air obtained by sitting indoors all day is very bad for the lungs and can lead to premature breathing problems. Also, average people get @ PERCENT3 fewer workouts, according to @ CAPS5 from @ CAPS4, which likely wasn't directly influenced by overuse of computers. Finally, the obesity rate has gone from next to nothing to over @ NUM2 in the last ten @ DATE1. Research has shown that the majority of obese patients spend too much time on their little boxes of ten. Although you might think that it is not entirely due to computers, it has been proven time and time again that these machines are the main reason for the world's currently unhealthy lifestyle. Personal computers have a very negative effect on today's society. This technology has resulted in very poor eyesight of the general public. Plus, they lead to a much smaller amount of social interactions. Finally, they end up forcing people to adopt an unhealthy lifestyle. So let people know that computers are bad for society and try to make the world a better place to live.
Dear @ CAPS1, I think using computers is a good thing. They can help you learn more about topics you find interesting and unfamiliar with. They can help save the environment. These are the reasons why I think using computers is a good thing. First, they can help you discover new topics. Suppose you reported for school on @ ORGANIZATION1 @ ORGANIZATION1 from @ CAPS2, but you didn't know anything about them. You can simply sit down at your computer, type "@ ORGANIZATION1 @ ORGANIZATION1 of the @ CAPS2" into a Google search, and press Enter. There you will find hundreds or even thousands of entries on @ ORGANIZATION1. You could sit down forever and learn all about these wonderful creations. You can learn more about any topic on a computer, anytime. You might even learn more about a computer and all of its history! Second, they can help save the environment. People still use paper, and paper comes from trees. When we cut down trees, we are harming our environment. We are depleting our oxygen supply and destroying the habitats of animals and insects. If everyone used computers, we would be using less paper. We could use to send documents and papers, we could bring to tax appointments and combinations. Computers could even be used for schoolwork. The teacher can email the assignment to the student, the student can fill it out and email it back. Of course, we should still be using paper for something, but we would use a lot less. People could also use fewer fossils. We could talk through the internet and things like skype to communicate the war to witnesses and burn. Third, computers could help us move forward. Computers can help find ways to do a lot of things like better medical treatments, more efficient travel, and even everyday life. We could find better ways to deal with serious medical problems using computers. We could find ways to treat cancer and maybe even colds. Computers could also help us find a more efficient way. They could help find a more efficient, effective feel of it could help make a teleportation device. It could also help us explore space deeper and find more planets and galaxies. Computers could also help us in our day to day life. When you get up in the @ TIME1, it's great to be able to screen and have a hot shower, your breakfast and work gear all ready in five minutes. It would truly be the future of computers. These are all reasons to have computers from school research to space and beyond.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, In @ CAPS2's opinion, computers are fantastic ! Therefore, I believe that computers have a great effect on people's lives. Three reasons to support the @ CAPS2 decision is that many jobs use computers, instead of using a dictionary or thesaurus you can just search for it and it is a great help at home / around the house. @ CAPS2 The first reason is that many jobs in the state or nation use a computer. Statistically, saying that @ NUM1 out of @ NUM2 jobs in the state use a computer or hardware related technology. If you think about it honestly, if you were a teacher, factory worker, etc., you wouldn't even be able to do your job without it. We have learned a lot from the new inventions that have emerged over the past ten or two years. If we've learned anything in the past @ NUM3 years, it would be the "@ CAPS1 the time you spend on the computer, but keep going because you will learn things you never know before." @ CAPS2 second reason is that we have much more useful search engines than @ NUM3 years ago. In / around @ NUM5, if you wanted to find information, the only complex was ... books. Yeah, I mean reading is great, but now having the computer is faster and easier. All you do is go to @ ORGANIZATION2 and type in whatever you want to find. Then it appears in about @ NUM6 seconds with about @ NUM7 links to websites to help you. Think about it, now there is no more table of contents, just a link and a click! @ CAPS2 third reason is that it is a great help around the house / at home. In the state of @ LOCATION1, approximately @ PERCENT1 of people have a laptop or home computer. But that's not a bad thing, because it can help with so many things. Including, helping with the kids, helping with cooking, organizing, anything! Let's say you don't know what time the birthday party for the friends of "@ CAPS3" starts, no worries, just ask her mom on @ CAPS4 ! Or you need a recipe for dinner, find it on cooks.com. It makes life a lot easier and puts an amazing effect on your life! In conclusion, having a computer in your life is great as many jobs use computers, there is so much to look for and it is useful around the house. So, computers have an awesome effect on people's lives !!
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1, do you agree that computers affect people ? I think @ CAPS1 agrees that computers affect people. I @ CAPS1 agree with this statement because people don't get used to doing something else then just stay on the computer. An example is that people who @ CAPS1 stay on the computer won't have much fun with others. They won't appreciate it so much staying on the internet. My final example is that doctors sometimes say that it is not good for you to stay on the computer. First of all, people who stay on the computer won't have much fun with others. I know a friend of mine loves to use the computer and stay there for a long time. An idea in that there isn't much for some people to do on a computer. People don't go out and have fun like going to the mall with your friends. Some people try to focus on the computer if there is something important to do. Thirldy, people won't have fun. When @ CAPS2 on the computer, I really don't have fun sitting on the Internet. An important fact is that you won't want to enjoy a great day with your family when you go to the beach. People will be taking cards for a while and won't want to go back to sleep and you won't have to do anything else for the rest of the day. Sometimes you won't have a good life without enjoying it. Finally, doctors say it's not good for you to stay on the computer all the time. An important fact is that you should always exercise instead of going for a walk. Sometimes it can happen to your eyes because you are looking at the computer. You have to do healthy things to help your body. In conclusion, I agreed with the statement and my reasons were because you wont have fun. You will not have fun, and the doctors. Say it's not good for you, hope you liked my post so it can be published in the newspaper.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, computers are all around us wherever you go. You can learn things about them or play games. Although computers are all around us, they don't have a positive effect on people because harmful people might find out where you live and they are too addictive. Wherever you look, you can find a computer. At home, at school, in your car, at work and at the hotel. Being exposed to these computers is helpful. Everything we see today is managed by or has a computer. In the future, we will see more and more computers. Businesses are running out of computers, soon they will be operating them themselves. Plus, with so many computers, it creates jobs. You can build computers, program them, repair them, and even supervise them at work. Even though everyone says they are safe on the computer, they are not. When you are on a chat site you can meet someone and it could be a kid or a. They can know where you live and when no one is home or when you are home alone. With your address, they can even look at your house on a website or possibly get the blueprints for your house. Then they can come and leave you mentally scared for life. There are tons of things you can do on a computer. For example, you can play games. There are games with virtual worlds or games that are fun and make no sense. Computer games are too addicting anyway. You say you are going to play for @ NUM1 minutes but they are so addicting you play for @ NUM2 hours. Games suck you in and you're stuck. Although computers are all around us, they don't have a positive effect on people because harmful people can find out where you live and they are too addictive. Computers are good and bad at the same time. People need to know when to stop using it or it can dramatically change your life.
Dear local newspaper, I firmly believe that we should no longer have computers instead of looking on the computer. I strongly think so as it could cause serious damage to the eyes. My take on computers is that I don't think we should have them because you don't exercise enough. You would sit and watch the computer all day. You would probably get quite fat over the course of the year. You would be like a couch potato. My next opinion is that we will not be able to leave the house to see the beautiful nature. Like all trees, flowers, and wild animals too. If you don't go out, there won't be any fresh air for you. My last advice is if we have a computer. We will not be able to go out with friends and family. You won't be able to see how big your family is. Or how small they still are. Well, these are my opinions for having computers.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1 @ ORGANIZATION1 @ ORGANIZATION1, I am writing this letter to express my opinion on the effects of computers on people. I think the effect is good because every place needs it, they store things neatly that way, you will know when you come back it will be clean and saved. Every place uses computers, that's a great thing. Hotels use them to record who is in each room and to activate room keys, restaurants use them to help with billing, hospitals use them to store flies so they can be hot-printed so that the doctor can go and look at them and understand. And schools use them, they need them for neat storage of notes, or for a student to neatly type a piece of paper and put it back, he could leave it for the day and come back to it tomorrow. The computer can also be your work, as if you were working on it, for example repairing them or installing a programming application @ ORGANIZATION1. You can also do your work on it like working on a website or just writing a boper all over again. The bigger @ MONTH1 business needs a computer, even the @ ORGANIZATION1 needs them, they are important in your business. So even people don't come out enough for the computer to help you make money or be successful in life and once you get that money you will get out fast. Thus, computers have a great effect on schools, the community, stores and many other places and people's lives.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION2, @ CAPS1 name us @ PERSON1 from @ LOCATION3, @ LOCATION2. I thought your opinion on the effects of @ ORGANIZATION1's computer use throughout @ LOCATION1 would be helpful if you heard from a young teenager. It would help you because at @ CAPS1's age, people are dependent on computers ! they can have fun with online games, communicate with friends and family, and receive information about what is happening in the world. While some people may not always benefit from a computer, most @ ORGANIZATION1 time people are satisfied and enjoy using @ ORGANIZATION1 computers. First of all, people are affected by computers in a positive way because they can be entertained, whether it is playing online games or participating in a fantasy sports league. Although I just mentioned two non-educational examples, there are many educational websites on the Internet that children can learn from. In the personal life of @ CAPS1 I can cite so many examples of @ ORGANIZATION1 entertainment. I use like @ CAPS2, which is an online gaming website, or fantasy football teams that I am involved with. Another example of @ ORGANIZATION1 entertainment is when @ CAPS1 younger brother. Parker continues to quit websites. He will play on these sites for hours. Although he is sloveling in front of @ ORGANIZATION1 a computer screen, he is learning. Additionally, experts say children around the world are learning more from the computer than from a textbook or teacher. They say this because a computer screen catches people's attention. Learning is a top priority and if that means putting a child in front of @ ORGANIZATION1 a computer for an hour will improve that, then this is what will happen. @ CAPS1 The next reason that the @ ORGANIZATION1 effect of computers on people is positive is because it helps people communicate with their friends or family. @ CAPS1's brother attends college at @ ORGANIZATION1 and as we don't see him often. our family will be video chatting with him through a program called @ ORGANIZATION4. Because @ ORGANIZATION1 this program, we are able to keep in touch. An online survey was published on @ DATE1 which asked how people regularly talk to their friends or family. Sixty-three percent @ ORGANIZATION1 votes showed that people communicate by computer most of the time @ ORGANIZATION1. Thirty-two percent answered by phone and about sixteen percent in person. it shows how much people are communicating on the computer using, facebook, @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4, and much more. I would say the computer has a good effect on people when used this way. Finally, computers help people receive information about what is going on in the world. On the home computer @ CAPS1, every time I open the Internet, there is breaking news about the war in @ LOCATION6 devistation on @ LOCATION5, and much more. Also, a few months ago a class from @ ORGANIZATION3 created a pie chart and found out how their classmates find out about world news. Fifty-six percent said they learned their news from computers. Not only are they the students of @ ORGANIZATION3, but most people get news from the internet. The other night at dinner our server was from @ LOCATION4 and he said he got all the news from @ ORGANIZATION1 on his hometown on the internet. As you can see, many people use the internet on their computers to receive news and information. It is easy to say that the effect of computers on people is positive because @ ORGANIZATION1 the reasons I have given above ; people can have fun, connect with family and friends, and @ MONTH1 receive updates on what is happening in the world. As I said in the first paragraph, not all effects are positive but most of @ ORGANIZATION1 are!
The local newspaper wants to know my opinion on the effects of computers on people. Computers affect people. People can meet new people, discover new places, and talk to friends. Read on to learn how computers affect people's lives. My first reason is that people can meet new people. You can meet new people from all over the world. You can keep in touch with them via @ CAPS1 or by email. It's a faster, newer way to meet new people. My second reason is that you can discover new places. You can discover new places just by clicking on a web page. Computers are a faster way to learn. I give you everything you need to know about new places you want to know. My third reason is that we can talk to friends. Computers have many different social sites that you can talk to people with. You won't have to wait for school the next day, you can talk to them through the computer. With all this new / faster stuff, you can talk to a friend whenever you want. Finally, you know how computers affect people. We can meet new people, discover new places and talk to friends. Computers can do it all these days. Hope you enjoyed reading all about how they affect people.
Dear @ CAPS1, you have been told that using a @ CAPS1 may not give any problem, but I agree that it gives you hand-eye cordanation, a @ CAPS1 is the most useful thing in the world. For my first reason, computers contain so much technological stuff that helps people on a daily basis. I am talking about the interaction with family and friends. You can go to facebook, myspace and even twitter to talk to your friends. This is the most common thing to use on the @ CAPS1. About @ PERCENT1 teens and adults alike use myspace and facebook. Children in the litter would be like @ PERCENT2 using @ CAPS2 to interact with friends. This technology is the best thing you can use. The second reason is that people need to learn to use an @ CAPS1 and hand-eye coordination. To learn you can learn to type, write stories, use the word @ ORGANIZATION1 and even learn what to use on the internet, for hand-eye coordination you can learn all the keys on the keyboard and what they do to improve skills. My third reason is how to search on google or @ LOCATION1. Google is the most common thing that everyone uses. To search for images for projects, labs basically for anything. And for the dictionary, you can see what the words mean and the dictionary is for learning and homework. To my conclusion, all of these reasons are true and computers are the biggest sources on the planet, does everyone want to educate themselves or not? computers help everyone. You gotta love it!?!
More and more people are using computers, but not everyone agrees that it benefits society. Me, for my part, no. I think a decent amount of time on the computer can benefit you. But I believe computers are a huge part of people's lives now. I think people should quit the computer and exercise. More and more people would be healthier if they took the time to be on the computer and exercised instead. On the computer, you can search for places and see beautiful pictures of places, nature and even people. But if people left computers and traveled and enjoyed nature, they could experience it, not just see a picture. It would all be so much more fun if you were there and could experience it, not just read about it. Another reason I am so convinced that people spend less time on computers is that they don't spend a lot of time interacting with family and friends when you are the computer it seems like you are moving away your friends and family. Almost like you are too "busy" to see them. So, as you can see, I strongly disagree with the overuse of computers.
Dear, Who Ever This Concerns Some people are obsessed with computers. They usually stay awake all night playing games or playing @ CAPS1. People who love computers rarely interact with people they love to be left alone without anyone disturbing them. Some people who go online looking for stuff are probably lying to someone who just played with them. If you love computers so much that you stay awake all night and don't sleep then you run out of work and get tired then you know you have a problem so stop. You don't want to stay awake all night. Because you might have something important to do that you miss like your child's birthday because your husband or wife typed to wake you up. But you didn't want to go you miss it and your kid never trusts you again when you stop interacting with other people you really have a problem because you have to want to go somewhere other than to get junk food and sodas. Computers all the time are bad for you sometimes you get cranky when someone takes it off you that's when you need to realize what you're doing and going for a workout is what you need you have or end up in poor health which is bad for you and you want to stop this habit and start a new one. When you write a report, you tend to go on the Internet. This is @ MONTH1 to be a good source but it could lie and you could make the worst report ever you @ MONTH1 to copy and paste but you still might not have to be your reliable source use your use of a good good book. Internet is a bad thing that it could consume you don't use it all the time people doing computers should shut down all the computers in the world for a week so we know how it is without the internet.
Dear journal @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 People in our community use computers for positive ideas. For example, if provides you with visual and visual coordination, gives people the ability to search for distant places, and allows you to talk to distant family. That's why I think computers have a positive effect on people. For starters, computers have a positive effect on people because they allow you to coordinate your hands and eyes. For example, it can help you have the capacity to do more. Like working somewhere like a restaurant. It takes a lot of coordination to hold heavy platters. My mother is a waitress and she needs a lot of coordination, she tells me. Another reason would be that you would have more manual coordination while driving because you can react quickly. Some people say that computers keep you from seeing. Whoever you would need glasses. But this is where it can give you a reason why computers have a positive effect on people today. Second, why do computers have a positive effect, because they give people the ability to search for distant places. The reason it can be a good thing is that you can get a good idea of what it looks like and you might want to take a trip to it. Another reason would be that students usually have projects that require research in other countries. Computers make kids smarter that way, but some people say kids might go to a website where it can be bad, which also doesn't allow them to exercise if all they want is. do is to research when they can do it in their own city. But around @ PERCENT1 some kids can still be on the computer rather than going for a exercise. This is another reason why computers have an impact. Finally, the reason computers are positive is that children and adults can talk to friends or family faster. For example, if a family member lives far away instead of the mail, you can send it to the computer in a send of @ NUM1 minute. It's faster and easier. Another reason is that your kids will also be able to talk to their friends faster than by mail. About @ PERCENT2 some children use computers to talk to their friends. But some people say that children may think they are talking to their friends, but could be someone wrong. But to make sure all of your friends should have a question to make sure this is a friend there. This is why computers have a positive impact on young adults, and children, parents. To conclude, I would like to say that computers have a positive impact for several reasons. They give you more hand and eye coordination which gives people the ability to search other countries and talk to friends. Others disagree because it can damage your eyes, not exercise, and ultimately endanger your child. But that can be easily changed by limiting the kids, seeing who they're talking to, and having them play sports. That's why I think computers have a positive impact.
Dear local newspaper, I think computers have a very positive effect on people. The reasons for @ CAPS13 are that they can educate @ CAPS1, they make things easy, they are enjoyable. Below I will explain each reason. First of all, it's very informative. Computers are like a huge resource of information. Many @ MONTH1 teachers direct their students online @ CAPS2 for learning purposes. Additionally, many people go online to search for information @ CAPS2 about their school, job, or project. Large, information-rich websites, like @ ORGANIZATION1, can only be accessed using a computer. Example @ CAPS2 imagine having to do your research using only books, but you live far @ CAPS6 from a library. The internet makes this search very easy, because you are accessing @ CAPS7 at any time! Second, they make things very easy to do. The computer provides many simple and convenient ways for people to perform many tasks. If there were no computers in the world. Don't you think interacting with people all over the world would be difficult ? Almost all of the @ CAPS4 / @ CAPS5 in @ LOCATION2 like @ PERSON1, @ ORGANIZATION2 or @ PERSON2 have an online website to help shoppers and they even allow them to buy things online which is a lot easier than to go by car. I remember a time when I wanted to buy something at @ CAPS6 in a store at @ LOCATION1 I went home online and bought @ CAPS7 ! Plus @ CAPS7 makes things like ordering @ CAPS8, getting plane tickets, getting help, and @ CAPS7 a lot of time saving ! Third, computers are very nice! They provide a lot of @ CAPS17 things to do ! Example @ CAPS2 if you are bored you can use a computer and search @ CAPS2 for a game you like. There is always a game you will love. Plus, you enjoy @ CAPS7 by chatting with your friends and family. You stay in touch while enjoying their company. Another good thing people love about these computers is that they can send things to each other, turning @ CAPS10 on because of email. Imagine you don't have a phone and you want to tell your husband who is on a business trip that your son is very sick. If you send @ CAPS7 by mail, @ CAPS7 takes at least @ NUM1 days. By e-mail, just a few minutes, you can see that this computer can also provide @ CAPS11 security @ CAPS2 to everyone ! So as you can see computers have a very positive effect on people @ CAPS13, the way they do it is that they are educational and they help @ CAPS1 to learn. They make things like ordering @ CAPS8, getting tickets or contacting support very easy @ CAPS15, they are very nice, @ CAPS6 playing games @ CAPS17, to keep in touch with your friends and family. Don't you think that without computers we would probably suffer? I think computers have a big effect on people
To Whom @ MONTH1 is Computers are a great source of technology, but a lot of people spend a lot of time on them. People don't see the outside world because they are "busy" on their computers and use them to find things or play games that they can do just outside in the fresh air. Computers are and people spend a lot of time there instead of having the outdoors experience, exercising, talking, and bonding with family and friends. First of all, people don't appreciate nature as much as their computers. When you are stuck next to school or work, you cannot go out and see the natural beauty of nature, so when you go out, take about NUM1 minutes to go and enjoy the wild nature. You don't have to go out every day, but every now and then it feels good to go out and explore the world. Especially when you have taken a little break and enough to be alone, in nature you can get away from it all and lose your stress. Some @ MONTH1 say you can enjoy nature and explore new places online, and yes you wouldn't want to do it firsthand ? You don't get the real experience just by looking at pictures. You have to be theirs and explore it on your own. In nature, there is always something new. Second, when you are on your computer, you don't do anything with your body, you have to exercise. Fresh air is good for you. By spending most of your time on your computer, you are not spending time with family and friends. Family is the most important thing in your life, and as you get older the time you have with your family gets smaller and smaller. You too @ MONTH1 see friends every day at school or at work, but you can't really sit down and "catch up" to each other. Online there are some programs where you can chat with your friends and family, but wouldn't you want to see them personally, especially if you don't see them every week. It's a better experience and you've had a lot more moments. Just getting out far or even running can give you time with those close to you. In conclusion, people are spending too much time on their computers. They do not have the opportunity to experience the outside world and the wonders of nature. The more they are on their computers, the less they exercise and the less fresh air. Family and friends some of the greatest things in your life, can't seem to bond with you. Computers are good for using spreadsheets and typing essays, but they're not good for spending all of your time mailing them and missing out on the adventures your life will venture into.
Dear, @ CAPS1 from @ ORGANIZATION1 @ CAPS2 has come to my concern that many people are debating whether or not computers benefit our society. Some people think that computers are the life of many people, but I disagree with those who say that. I think computers benefit our society that way, they bring people together, they offer lots of websites to search for a topic, and they allow people to shop at home. One of the ways that computers help us is that they bring people together by using the Internet. Many families do not live near other family members, making it difficult to see them. But with the Internet, people can use social networking sites such as Facebook or myspace to keep in touch with each other. Distant relatives can talk and share photos with each other to keep in touch. Additionally, the internet can help bring couples closer together and potentially lead to marriages. How many times @ MONTH1 have you seen those @ CAPS3 harmony ads that claim to have brought two singles together to make a happy couple ? Another way that computers help society today is that they provide plenty of places to research a certain topic. There are so many search engines on the internet that take you to lots of websites to help you find what you need to know. Plus, looking up a topic on the computer is so much easier than going to the library and reading books. When using books, to research a topic you need to find the right book, read all or at least most of @ CAPS2, and find what you're looking for. But with the Internet, you just type in what you're looking for, click, and go. Finally, computers allow you to shop online and enhance the shopping experience. By shopping online, you avoid long lines at retail stores which means less time walking to get your product. For example, many people rush to stores at the start of @ TIME1 for huge sales on "@ CAPS4 @ DATE1". A person can stand in line for hours to get a product. Why wait outside for so long when you can just buy the product from the comfort of your own home and have it delivered right to your doorstep? In addition, there are many websites that offer great deals for online shopping so that you can even get some cash. In conclusion, I think there are three ways that computers benefit our society, they bring people together, they offer lots of websites to search for a topic, and they allow people to shop at home. A world without computers would be so different from the world we live in today.
To: The @ ORGANIZATION1 can be a big part of people's lives, however, some don't realize the negative effect of these technologies. First, looking at a computer screen is unhealthy for your body. Second, anyone can post information on a website, so it can be inaccurate. Finally, people tend to rely too much on computers. Computers have a negative impact on our society! The number one reason why computers clearly don't benefit people is because they can cause unhealthy symptoms. For example, if you play games on the computer for hours, it can strain your eyes. It can cause you to feel tired and drowsy after being on the computer. In addition, statistics show that @ PERCENT1 of @ CAPS1 own computers. Could this be the cause of obesity at @ LOCATION1 ? Computers could very well prevent people from wanting to go out and exercise to maintain a healthy lifestyle and weight. Computers are obviously unsuitable for our bodies in many ways. Have you ever wondered if the information on a website is completely correct and true? I know I have. Anyone with access to a computer can post information on a blog, website, or communications site (such as twitter, facebook, or myspace). Not everyone who publishes articles is an expert on this subject ; the information could very well be wrong! More and more @ CAPS1 is using computers to get the information they need, which could harm them in the long run. Books are much more precise! They must be edited by the editor, and are written by people who really know what they are talking about! Therefore, computers undoubtedly harm our nation because of false facts. Finally, computers have a negative effect because we rely too much on them! For example, let's say you are writing a document on the computer that is due tomorrow. You save it and then shut down the computer because you have to go to dinner. Later you come back to the laptop only to find that your paper is gone! You look everywhere in your files ; but it's gone. Computers always have technical issues, but you don't always have time to go to the tech support store to fix it. However, if you had written the paper, it wouldn't have disappeared at random! People @ CAPS4 are too dependent on computers, it can backfire and cause you a @ CAPS3 problem. My sixth grade teachers once said: "@ CAPS4 I was in university, I had a big French homework assignment. I worked hard all night to do it. Then @ CAPS4 I went back print it, it had been erased. I had to rewrite it all over again! " Computers have a great negative effect on society because we tend to depend too much on them. In conclusion, computers are harmful to our society, clearly they are unhealthy for our body. In addition, information on the Internet from computers may be inaccurate. Finally, we rely too much on computers, which leads to problems. I firmly believe that we should reduce our dependence on computers !
Dear local newspaper, People spending time on @ CAPS1 is a great way for people to connect with each other. But it can also be a way for people to get into trouble with things online, like watching things they shouldn't watch strangers they shouldn't be talking to or typing or even predators who might be. in line. @ PERCENT1 @ ORGANIZATION1 children and adults go to the computer when they leave school @ ORGANIZATION1 for the day or if they leave work @ ORGANIZATION1 for the day or if they leave work @ ORGANIZATION1 for the day night they are right there on the computer to check things out and for the kids either for their entertainment, like chatting with friends on a royal program @ ORGANIZATION1, or @ ORGANIZATION1 their even playing an online game. Three-quarters of @ ORGANIZATION1 kids under @ NUM1 go online more than adults at @ NUM2 because @ ORGANIZATION1 cares about what's in it. People sometimes say, "Oh, I only go to the computer to check. It only takes a few minutes", but they lie. Most people don't just take @ ORGANIZATION1 for a few minutes, but rather a few hours, which affects their relationship or connection with family and / or friends. @ PERSON1 at @ ORGANIZATION1 says, "People spend hours on the computer looking at what they want and most people do and it has to stop for the sake of @ ORGANIZATION1 family and friends in the person ", @ PERSON1 also said," @ CAPS2 as an addiction ". Do you really want to be addicted? I didn't mean it, so instead @ ORGANIZATION1 just sit there storing on a screen for hours a day, hang out and have fun with your friends or family, go to @ CAPS3, the beach, and even do a walk in the park. Nothing can beat the @ ORGANIZATION1 feeling of being with friends or family and just having fun.
@ ORGANIZATION1, computers are great tools and great modern technology. Almost all families have them. About @ PERCENT1 in my class has computers. So many people have them because their useful and another current learning resource. It's also a great way to keep in touch with friends. Although they can take a long time, they make up for it in the long run. First, they are useful because it is quick and easy to jump from page to page. This is especially useful for work because instead of calling a group of customers. You can send them all emails in less than a few minutes. They also help with school or vacation planning. You can find very low prices at travel agencies on the computer. It's great because our country has a bad membership and we have to save every penny. These are some of the few reasons why this modern technology is so useful. Then, it's a great current learning resource. You can find articles on everything going on at that time or a few days before. Sometimes the articles in the books are old as well. These outdated articles do not have specific information more sought after. But, computers do, so you can compare your information. There are also affordable online schools. So if you want to get more education, but you also have to work. It helps a lot. A computer can be used for many things like learning. Computers are definitely the best way to stay in touch with your friends and family who you can't see very often. I know what you're probably thinking is, that's not what phones are for. No, because what if that family member or friend doesn't have a phone. Well, they can use their computer to keep in touch. They can use email, Facebook, Viser and many more. A computer helps me stay in touch with people I haven't seen in a while. Okay, now that I've listed all of my reasons why computers are a great resource. I just want to remind you that this is a great learning resource and a great way to keep in touch. Computers are now an important part of society. Computers are a whole new way and it should stay that way.
Dear local newspaper, computers and other technology are the best thing that ever happened to the world! I hear computers affect people, well, I don't agree with that statement. Here are my @ NUM1 reasons why. Computers and other technologies make it easier. Talk to family and friends without spending any money. If you control how much time you use on a computer, you will be fine. Please keep reading to hear my good ideas. For starters, computers and other technologies make life easier. Think about it, we have access to our bank accounts, stores, research, school, etc. See instead of going shopping for food, you can just order it online with no hassle. We can now purchase @ CAPS4 cloths and other household items. It's so easy to just look at a list and choose what you want instead of waiting in a long line. Example @ CAPS4, I went to @ CAPS1 to pick up some items @ CAPS4 for a party. There is a long queue so I just picked what I wanted online and had it shipped to me within @ NUM2 hours ! It's cool that you don't even have to get up to get what you want. I know you have it sometimes since you don't want to get up? But you have to go shopping. Don't computers make life so easy. Second, talk to your family and friends without having to spend any money. This is great because you can send SMS, video chats and emails to @ CAPS4 for free. Computers have so many websites to tell your family and friends about like @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3, myspace, yahoo and even ohvoo. Most of the time, anyone you can video chat and voice chat @ CAPS4 for free. For all these sites, you can SMS @ CAPS4 for free and touch them with your @ CAPS4 example. One day, I didn't want to spend my time talking to my friend. So I just video chatted with them. And it was @ NUM3 times better and free and better. Even long distance @ CAPS4 people cost a lot of money to call them. So why not just video chat, I know you wouldn't want to spend hundreds of dollars @ CAPS4 on a phone call bill ! Please read on. Third, if you count the time that you use on the computer of other technological devices, you will be fine. If you limit and set a time for using your computer, everything will be wonderful. You can tell your body to quit the computer and exercise or talk to friends. There is no way you can be addicted to something if you have a limited @ CAPS4. If you are the type of person who is up to something. Then @ MONTH1, you shouldn't have a computer. As my mom gives me a limited @ CAPS4, the computer @ NUM4 my laptop needs to be turned off on a school night. A @ NUM3: 00pm my laptop needs to be turned off on weekends. There is always a way not to be addicted. You just have to know when it's enough. It is not the computers fault. You just have to control yourself. In conclusion, I would just like to thank you @ CAPS4 for taking the time to read my letter. My reasons are that computers make life easier, talk to your family and friends for free with CAPS4, and if you control how much time you use on a computer you will be fine. Thanks again.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1 managers, have you ever been bored to the point of spending all day in front of the computer chatting with friends and relatives? Some experts say that computers have a negative effect on people in our society. While others argue that they are very helpful. the use of computers has been taken to an extreme level and is having a negative effect on the community. Some reasons I think this is because of the social limit that computers place on people and the time people spend on them. My last reason is that computers are the general health of people today. People should be educated about the negative effects of computers ! First, computers are dramatically changing the way people communicate. Instead of talking to people, communicate. Instead of talking to people face to face, teens and adults find themselves “@ CAPS1” or “@ CAPS2” their friends and colleges. This causes the formation of many bad habits. People are more to talk to physically, and might even use terms like "@ CAPS3" and "@ CAPS4" instead of work. This problem causes a huge gap in the social gains of humans, and hurts them even more ! Second, the time wasted on the computer is incredible ! If someone were to log into the computer to search for a fact or "@ CAPS5" something, they could get caught up in other programs and spend hours on the computer. This time could have been used instead for more productive things. A recent poll shows that this average aged person @ NUM1 spends two hours on the computer every day ! This fact is quite astonishing, as these people could have accomplished more things during this time. Time wasted with computers is a huge problem that needs to change ! Finally, human health is being drastically affected by the use of computers. As the obesity rate rises, these people are just sitting at their computers watching it rise. During this time, they could exercise, go to the gym, or even go for a walk with friends. Teens can play outside, but find themselves too busy at their computers to enjoy the fresh air. Whenever I talk to my friends they usually say that they are on facebook or oovoo instead of playing outside or playing with their siblings. The obesity rate will continue to rise if these people don't realize that staying on computers all day is part of the problem! In conclusion, the use of computers has gotten to a point where it hurts society, rather than I feel it that way because of the social flow it teaches people and the time wasted on computers. Another major reason is due to the extreme health problems that computers pose. If the average person tried! to limit the time they use their computer, they would notice a positive point in their lifestyle!
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, experts say : "@ PERCENT1 of @ CAPS3 spend @ NUM1 hours or more on the computer per day" The recommended time limit is @ NUM2 hours. By spending more time on computers, people are not exercising. Second, these people are not enjoying life and nature. Finally, computer use puts a strain on social skills with friends and family. The effects of computers surely cannot be good. First of all, people don't exercise as much as they should. Effects of Obesity and Diabetes <@ PERCENT1 @ NUM3> from @ CAPS4. Both of these diseases are fatal. If you spend so many hours on the computer, these diseases would not spread so quickly nearby. When are you going to get out of the computer for an hour and go outside or to the gym and exercise so that it doesn't affect you ? Second, nature is a wonderful thing. Of course, camping in a tent and having dinner is not for everyone. But, there are many ways to experience nature without " brutalizing " it. You can go to the aquarium or the aquarium. Sit on your back pond and go bird watching. All of these are great alternatives to sitting in front of the computer screen watching nature pictures. Finally, people don't spend enough time with family and friends. Yes, you can email, IM, @ CAPS5, and @ CAPS6 to family and friends, but you can't because people are less friendly than them. Mainly social skills. We need social without a computer. In conclusion, the computer has a negative effect on people in the long run. People don't exercise. They don't take advantage of nature. Finally, their bonds between friends and family dissipate. This is a growing problem that must be stopped. Thank you for your time.
The amount of computer use has increased dramatically over the years. Both adults and children spend a lot of time on computers. Although these @ MONTH1 devices seem entertaining and useful. Well, not all is true. Computers are used for more than just business. It seems to be the new medium of peoples communication. Communicating with others has always been an integral part of our life. There isn't a person in the world who hasn't had some form of communication with others. Although computers seem to abuse the privilege of communication. To talk on an online chat, the sight is easier and more convenient for people. The people in these paintings are not always who they claim to be. It puts these @ CAPS3 signs in huge danger that children of all ages are now using. These kids don't always know who they are talking to, but @ CAPS3 is online, they say whatever they can think of. The way @ CAPS2 talks to people about tao in person is not the same online. When communicating with people on the computer, the writer tends to cut things short. As the word " you " would be spelled " u ". These rapid changes happen without thinking and become a natural habit. These changes quickly become part of our communication and writing. So, instead of seeing the phrase "@ CAPS1 have you thought about his project", @ CAPS2 will see "you have thought about his pro". @ CAPS3 of these many classes of children could be affected. Because their spelling will soon become so and the vocabulary will be, or all in slang. This change in vocabulary could be avoided if the computer was not used so much. Today, @ CAPS2 sees it coming out. No one ever needs to go anywhere if all of their communications can be done at home. It is not only hurting us, but also the environment. The less time people spend outdoors, the more energy is wasted. The times @ CAPS2 goes out, it is for simple tasks such as taking out the trash. It harms our environment! There aren't that many people taking care of our planet. People don't take the opportunity to garden, plant trees, or simply pick up trash by the side of the road. If @ CAPS2 just took the time, maybe just ten minutes a day to help our environment, it would help our body and also our planet. It would reduce the number of people using computers and change the way @ CAPS2 views our civilization today. So please help yourself and the earth to stop talking on computers and get out there and do something productive. The computer will still be there, but @ CAPS2 has only one of us and one of our planet. @ CAPS2 does not want to destroy them with simple technology.
I think we need our computers. If we don't have competition, we won't be able to connect with our family who might live in another state or country. I don't know how there is texting now, but some people don't even have a phone or nothing, how can you connect to them you can't call it maybe not free with the phone you have. If a family member comes to visit you, they'll likely email you about it, but if there isn't a computer, they can't tell when it's coming. Do they unispectively show that they might not even be home and if they show up without them knowing, no luck. And we exercise on our overtime, we pick the time and we do it and if we play a sport enjoying nature some people might have a job that takes place outside of though. There are nerds that are on computers all day but sure they enjoy nature, I don't know exercise, but they got a car and everything they drive and everything. Also, about exercise, everyone needs to exercise to stay in shape, I'm pretty sure people don't want to be fat all their life, they want to look and feel good. feel good about themselves. If it's a holiday or something and people want to send them something to wish, then whatever the holiday is. It will not be possible to see them in person if they live this far away, unless they have plans to meet, but even if they do, they will want to send emails and then not. do not call if it costs money and SMS is only provided with some phone plans so only an email is left. Sometimes people get further away from you than your old folks on the computer if you don't worry, at least you can email your family that you've never seen. These reasons are in my opinion that do not get rid of computers and stuff.
Most adults think that computers are just running out of time, and sometimes they can be addicting or unhealthy. Well, yes it can be bad, but how you use it matters. There is one thing about the computer that is amazing. It's socializing with friends, family, or even strangers. You know, when your parents say never speak well to strangers, you can do it safely and harmlessly on the computer, and you will also learn a lot about the lives or lives of others outside of your small town. . There is another benefit @ CAPS1 with computers and that is to keep in touch with family or friends who live far away. My sister went to @ LOCATION1 for six months, but the point is I felt like it was two weeks because I was able to communicate and see photos from here @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2. The last but probably the most important part is to get hold of. People you really need to talk to, like friends, teachers, or even people you never talk to in school. With these three advanced ways to reassure yourself, you'll always feel like you're never alone, which is a great thing. There are a lot of other things that the computer is used for other than social life, and it is actually an important use, things that you need to know or want to find out. Here is an example, everyone has forgotten their work in school or in the office at least once in their life. Well, it's easy to get all the papers offline. Just go to your teacher's home page and simply print out your homework. It's as easy as a click and it saved you twenty minutes of commuting to school. How about when you get up at night wondering what the weather will be like, lots of sun, cold, or even a gorgeous snowy day. Well, instead of waiting to find out you can just go to weather.com and see all the charts, forecast or what's going to happen hour by hour. Just like the weather, people always want to know the latest news. Why watch a two hour show when you can just see what's going on in this world we live in. I mean parents have to open their eyes and see it's a good thing. We should be proud of the fact that humans have created something so complex and interesting. There is another topic that I know you will love. I mean right now you jot it down in your office, well you can jot it down at home on your comfy couch with a crackle of fire and all the peace and quiet in the world. People are working from home all the time. you can run a business from your own living room. My dad is a business owner and works from home most of the time. It's absolutely @ CAPS1 being able to take me out, hang out with the family and most of all do the things he loves and guess what, you can do that too. As I keep saying, it's just a click away, here's another topic, online banking. Do you really wanna drive to the bank and sit down with that boring accountant and spend hours there, well now you don't have to waste your time anymore you can type some keystrokes and boom you're about to see your informations. It was faster than two hours I guess. Yes I think computers are a use of @ CAPS1 time and will help a lot in the future as well. So the next time you log into your computer, do some of these things and trust me, you'll be thinking exactly what I'm thinking.
Dear local newspaper readers, More and more people are using computers, but not everyone agrees that it benefits society. Those who support technological advancements believe that computers have a positive effect on people. They teach hand-eye coordination, give people the chance to learn about faraway places and people, and even allow people to talk online with other people. Others have different ideas. Some experts worry that people are spending too much time on their computers and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. I agree with these experts because a lot of people take the computer seriously and always want to be turned on. Although @ CAPS3 users think that there is nothing bad about using computers, but it is. As the increase in light bill payments, obesity and, as the experts have said, "@ CAPS1 interaction time with family and friends." @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3 users of the computer cause light bill because if the user is constantly on, the computer should be on constantly, when the computer is constantly on, the light bill increases. I can log into this because I was a @ CAPS3 user on the computer and my tutor would yell at me because of it. Since I lost the habit of being a @ CAPS3 user, my tutor reported that the electric bill has gone down. Another reason computer user @ CAPS3 needs to decrease their habit is obesity. Obesity is when a man or woman is overweight. My imaginary friend is a @ CAPS3 user in my imagination. He is light to many others, he never exercises with his friends as he is constantly on the computer. Finally, @ CAPS3 starts to slack off and gets interesting with friends and family. As I said in paragraph two, I was a @ CAPS3 user. I myself wouldn't accept an invitation, couldn't go to the movies with friends, and I wouldn't help around the house. These are the top three things I wouldn't do. Then I learned not to abuse the computer, not to waste my time on it. but I also learned to be responsible for it. This is what I think a lot of @ CAPS3 should be doing. In conclusion, being a constant user is not healthy as it causes a lot of obesity. In addition, a @ CAPS3 user has increased their light bill and will not spend time interacting.
@ ORGANIZATION1, In my opinion, the effects of computers are not good. A lot of people spend too much time on their computers and less time exercising. People are so much on their computers that they no longer appreciate nature. In addition, they don't interact much with their family and friends. I think computers are becoming a problem. @ NUM1 on @ NUM2 people in my school agree that they hardly ever exercise because they are still on their computers. For example, @ NUM3 years old @ CAPS1 used to go to the gym every day before having their own computer. Now, every afternoon, she finds herself in front of the computer screen. If it weren't for the computers, I'm sure the kids would be outside exercising. Computers are a serious problem. Have you ever found yourself in front of the computer screen on a beautiful day outside? I did, and while I was on the computer I could have been outside enjoying nature. I think it would be better if you unplug those computers for a day and just go outside and get some fresh air! If everyone sticks to this habit of sitting on your computers all day and not going out, we could become a couch potato world! I'm sure you don't want this. Finally, I remember several times that I said I would do something with my dad, but I didn't because I was on the computer. A lot of people can agree with me. Instead of going out to interact with your friends, many just send them instant messages. The internet is amazing, but I think everyone has forgotten the joy of going out with friends and family. So get off those computers and call a friend. In conclusion, the effects of computers are bad. Many people spend too much time on their computers and have less time exercising. They are so busy that they no longer appreciate nature. In addition, they do not interact with their friends and family. I think after reading this you can see that computers are not good.
Dear Diary, People spend too much time on their computers. They are on the computers when they should be exercising. People need to enjoy nature and spend time with family and friends. Let me explain more. First, people who are @ CAPS1 consenting, people who use Facebook or myspace do not exercise. Now more than ever people are getting very obese. It is very unhealthy. My family members who are always on Facebook are not exercising and are getting overweight. Eight out of ten @ CAPS2 don't get enough exercise. We need to get people moving and exercise. Second, people need to enjoy nature. Everyone is so caught up in their computers that they don't sit down, take turns, and enjoy nature. People do not understand that the earth is polluted. Once the animals are extinct, they don't come back. If they left their computers for a minute, they could see the animals before they disappeared. Computers are the wall between the inside and the outside at the back of the world. Finally, computers make it difficult to see family and friends. Everyone is so caught up in the Newist computer that they can't see their friends or family. I know people who come down to the kitchen at dinner time. Get their food and take it to their computer so they don't miss out on anything that family and friends are very important to. @ PERCENT1 of @ CAPS2 only sees friends and family on vacation. Computers are involved in everything! People are not getting the exercise they need. They don't go out to enjoy nature or see their friends and family. We need to get people away from their buttocks and the computer. Why does everyone have to sit in front of the computer anyway?
What I am going to tell you could change your perception of IT in general. People might say computers are great for being fast and you get what you need but i think computers are no good they get addicting and drive up your bills computers can make your kid go through less time with you and your family, computers can also be very dangerous for teens and children of all ages. I'm saying computers are addictive, it's a fact @ PERCENT1 of students spend most of their time on the computer. Why Are Computers So Addicting That They Have Instant Message You Can Talk To People All Over The World. Now i know it may not sound bad, but it may be bad for your pocket @ PERSON1 who works with electric bills says that because kids spend more time on the computer, bills at home almost increased by @ PERCENT2 and harder it is for people to pay bills there. Computers are what they say these days, it's one of the biggest reasons kids spend less time with their families. This is true in most families like mine, as my sisters and I spend more time on the computer than with others, which can lead to arguments and arguments between families. Statistics show that @ NUM1 people would rather spend more time on the computer talking to people or listening to music than spending time with their own children or parents. Do you want you and your children to be separated by tecongly ? Computers are not always safe for teens and children of all ages. There are many reasons that sometimes computers can not be safe for your children or teenagers. I say this because sometimes we worry about the safety of children and when your child is on the computer you have no idea who they are talking about or what they are talking about. Teens are most / likely to meet other people online and there are stalkers, posers and other people who pretend to be someone they are not and your child can be one of those people who fall in love with them and this can lead to meeting someone they might not know and they can be kidnapped, raped, anything can happen. Children can still be hurt by verbal abuse, they can be threatened by others and hurt and it can cause emotional damage, so be careful and watch your child. These are only very few things that can happen. It is for this reason that computers are not of great benefit to society.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, I think that being on the computer for too long is bad for people because, you might be obsessed with the computer. You might get in trouble and it might affect your education. One of the reasons I think being on the computer for too long is bad for people is that you might be obsessed with it. For example, if you were playing outside on a beautiful day and you called a friend and asked them to come over and they said no, I can't @ CAPS3 on the computer. You said why today is a beautiful day. Then your friend said @ CAPS3 playing games. This is an example of being obsessed with a computer. Another reason why staying on the computer too long is bad for you is that you might get into trouble. Getting in trouble online is bad because you could be sued or the website owner could delete it from your computer. Also, if your parents found out, you would be in even more trouble because then you would be punished. This means that you will not be able to use the computer for a long time. My final reason why staying on the computer too long is bad for you is that it could affect your education. If someone was on the computer for too long instead of doing homework, it could affect their grades. If you are in @ CAPS5 @ CAPS6 and this happens you would not be allowed to graduate and go to college. It is not a good thing if you are trying to get into a good university. Although computers are important in @ CAPS5 @ CAPS6, you shouldn't stay there too long. In conclusion, everything I have said about why staying on the computer too long is bad for you proves that too much computer is bad for people.
Dear Local Newspaper: Computers have become an important part of people's lives. The effects of computers on people are only negative. Nothing good comes from using a computer. Computers take up a lot of time for other activities, computers don't always work which makes people angry, and computer use is bad for your health. I know you have a difficult decision to make but after reading what I have to say there is no doubt that you will agree. Using computers takes a long time. People don't realize how long they've been using the computer. Once you start using it you are hooked and it is hard to stop. A survey was conducted and on @ NUM1 children, @ NUM2 of them reported feeling groggy and having a headache after using a computer for two hours. The way computers make you feel isn't pleasant. But while you are using the computer it's fun, for example you are on @ CAPS1 and you talk to your friend and you laugh at them and you have fun, but it is not the computer that makes you happy, it's the person, you might as well see them in person. For this, computers take time and should not be used. Computers are unreliable, they have a mind of their own. A lot of people still rely on their computer and when it is not working, it causes the person to be angry or frustrated. Computers have a huge impact on people, but they shouldn't have to. Dr @ PERSON2 from @ ORGANIZATION1 says that @ PERCENT1 of @ CAPS2's frustration and anger is caused by computers that are not working. If the use of computers was reduced, people's anger would decrease and lead to other positive things as well. In addition, computers are unreliable and anger people. My last reason is that computers cause health problems and make people lazy. The obesity rate is higher than ever and people sitting in front of the computer all day is not helping. @ PERCENT2 of obesity is caused by using computers. @ PERSON1 at @ ORGANIZATION2 says that @ NUM3 on @ NUM4 people who don't use computers are much healthier because instead of using computers they exercise. There, computers cause health problems. In conclusion, computers affect people because they are time consuming, you cannot rely on them and it is bad for your health. There for, computers have negative effects on people.
Dear @ LOCATION1, @ CAPS1 will one day be able to talk to anyone in the world with just the push of a button. It has become possible with the computer. I support advancements in technology because the computer can help with hand-eye coordination, it is easy to learn about distant places or people, and the computer allows you to talk online. That is why it supports the computer. First, the computer benefits society because it develops hand-eye coordination. Did you know that nine out of ten people who use a computer have better hand-eye coordination? Bill @ CAPS2, creator of @ ORGANIZATION1, "The keyboard is the most important part of the computer because it builds eye-hand coordination." It reminds me of when I got my first computer and didn't have hand-eye coordination. @ CAPS3 I can type with my eyes closed. I understand how you might think that computers prevent people from getting enough exercise, however, the computer can improve your hand-eye coordination. This is why I support computers. Then I support the computer because you can learn about distant places and people. Did you know that nineteen out of twenty students use a computer when they learn about a place or a person. @ PERSON3 said : "The way students study is very different from what it used to be, @ CAPS3 students use computers." It reminds me of when recently I had a report to do on @ PERSON1 and all I needed was my computer. I see how you @ MONTH1 think enjoying nature is important, intelligence is even more important. That is why the computer supports our society. Finally, I take over the computer, you can talk to the world instantly. Did you know that ninety-nine of our 100 students speak online on a touchscreen? @ PERSON2, creator of @ CAPS4, an instant messaging site, said: "@ CAPS5 no doubt @ CAPS4 is the easiest way to stay in touch with, it reminds me of when I went on vacation and that I have always kept in touch with my friends via @ CAPS4. I understand how essential exercise is for your body, however, talking with friends is also important. That is why I support the computer. In conclusion, i support the computer because it supports hand-eye coordination, you can learn about far away places and people, and you can communicate with people all over the world. @ CAPS3 you knew why i support the computer @ CAPS5 should have no doubt that you will support it.
Dear @ CAPS1, I argue that computers have a positive effect on people because they have so much to do and learn on the computer, because on the computer you can search for many things like sports, animal world history and much more. The reason I support this is that I love to research the story of the @ CAPS2 and @ CAPS3 pioneers who changed humanity. The reason @ CAPS4 I say computer effect folks is because it teaches you how to type faster and now know how to get certain places on the computer, for example, say you were asked mom, do you know how to get to a certain website to buy new furniture. @ CAPS6 Third reason for how computers affect people is if, for example, one day you were to do a project, on what happened during the @ CAPS2 revolution and you were one of those people passing by all their time looking for the @ CAPS2 revolution on the computer. It means that this project should be really easy. The reason @ CAPS4 I say computers affect people is because they teach better communication skills on things like Facebook and @ CAPS5, because when I'm in school kids tell themselves to go on Facebook when they get home. I also think the computer affects people because let's say you have an idol and you don't want to search for that person eg i like soccer, basketball @ CAPS6 the idols are @ PERSON1 peterson and @ PERSON2 iverson, so every time I go to the computer I look at the two idols from @ CAPS6. @ CAPS6 last reason I say computers have an effect on people because they teach to read because every time on the computer there is something to read no matter what it is .
Dear Diary, "@ CAPS1 a computer @ CAPS15 ?" @ CAPS2 is an ongoing topic and @ CAPS10 controversies and ideas have been made, like senior scientists @ PERSON2, I believe the computer can be used to help people connect with friends, distant relatives "said @ PERSON2. @ PERSON2 @ CAPS1 That's right, computers bring people together, be they friends, families or relatives from far away countries. @ CAPS2 also helps with daily needs like homework. First of all, people can do things @ CAPS10 on a computer, including homework finding a store and checking traffic and weather. You can play games, connect with friends, learn recipes and react if wreckers of the football game. @ CAPS4 linking all over the world, people can find information about each other and learn who they are. @ PERCENT1 of large companies find the @ CAPS3 and computer very useful. "@ CAPS4 using @ CAPS3 I can find a volunteer participant in charities "says @ PERSON4, charity fundraiser at @ LOCATION1. Second, @ CAPS4 using the @ CAPS3 people can share t heirs on @ CAPS10 sites, including @ CAPS6 and @ CAPS7. People are also building websites to share their products, @ PERSON1, co-owner of The @ CAPS8 @ CAPS9, a portfolio company @ CAPS8 that also fundraises for @ LOCATION2, has started building a website and hopes to spread awareness the terrible event that happened. "@ CAPS10 like @ PERSON1 are using @ CAPS3 to develop their business." @ CAPS12 stays in the past, when the door to the future @ CAPS1 opens ? "@ CAPS13 @ PERSON3, the successful owner of @ ORGANIZATION1. @ CAPS4 Using computers, people can collect data from others and create new inventions to help the world. People can create @ NUM1- @ CAPS14 diagrams on computer and send the data to a company, and hopefully create @ CAPS2. Computers aren't just toys, they are serious pieces of equipment that can help the world. Although the folks at @ CAPS10 may find the downsides of computers, they will be I'm not always able to think of a bright side. Hope you use this article to prove that not all computers are @ CAPS15.
Dear @ CAPS1, in my opinion I think we should use computers. The reason I think we should use computers is because @ CAPS2 we need help on something we can find it on the computer, also because sometimes it's the only way to contact someone , and sometimes people @ MONTH1 have to go there on the computer and check IM. First of all I think we should be using computers because @ CAPS2 we need help on something we can find on the computer. For example, @ CAPS2 a student needs help with his homework he can go to Google and watch what he is doing and that will help. They can also go to a website called http.historywork.com and that will help them on what too. Another reason I think we should be using the computer is because sometimes it's the only way to get in touch with someone. When I say this I mean like @ CAPS2 you have a computer connected with them on the computer. For example, like @ CAPS2, you have a gmail, facebook, yahoo or myspace account, you can talk to your friends there. I do it all the time. The last reason we should be using the computer is that sometimes @ MONTH1 has to go to the @ CAPS2, for example @ MONTH1 had an important message on the website and you were messaging yourself. I do it why not you. So yes I do theirs.
Dear @ LOCATION1 @ CAPS1, I strongly believe that people should reduce computer usage. Imagine, more people out there and in good health. Less intimidation in " cyberspace " and less electricity consumption. My first reason why people should spend less time on the computer and more outdoors is because @ PERCENT1 of people who use the computer for more than two hours a day are at risk of being overweight or overweight. Additionally, @ PERSON1, from @ ORGANIZATION1 says, “ The people at @ CAPS2 think that using the computer is beneficial to you, but it is not. They increase your chances of being overweight or of contracting illnesses such as diet. It is imperative that the community take action to prevent this from happening. “Also my neighbor @ PERSON2 had to do a study to interview overweight adults and teens. @ CAPS3 told me that @ PERCENT2 of the @ NUM1 people interviewed by @ CAPS3 said they don't go out and use the computer for about @ NUM2 hours a day ! I implore the citizens of the @ LOCATION1 zone to reduce the time spent on the Internet and to go out and enjoy nature. My second reason is that fewer people on the computer means less bullying in cyberspace. @ NUM3 on @ NUM4 people who use socializing websites have experienced more than @ NUM2 cyberbullying encounters as well as my sister friend, @ PERSON3, overdosed on advil so @ CAPS3 went into suicide because of cyberbullying. Someone had said that @ CAPS3 was ugly, smelled bad, and should "go die in a hole". @ CAPS3 hasn't told anyone about it. Luckily her mom got her to @ CITY1 @ ORGANIZATION1 quickly enough to be put on life support for @ NUM6 hours. furthermore, if people reduce the number of internet socializing websites, fewer people will be at risk of cyberbullying affecting their lives. It is absolutely imperative for people to use the computer for only @ NUM7 or @ NUM8 hours per day. My final reason is that the less you use your computer, the less money you will waste on electric bills and spend more time on family vacations. Dr @ DR1, from the peabody museum at @ LOCATION2 is begging people to use less power and electricity on the internet so the environment can slowly rebuild itself to be what it was before the technology was invented and electricity. In addition, @ PERCENT3 of the energy used in homes today is used on computers. My grandmother is also amazed at what today's technology is doing to the environment and the people behind it or the electricity. @ CAPS3 believes that less time on the computer means more time on vacation with family and friends. Finally, it is extremely imperative that people stop using computers to improve their health as well as their self-esteem and their environment. A case is taking action to stop using the @ NUM9 computer. Thanks for reading my article.
Dear Diary, In my opinion, computers definitely have a negative effect on people. People who use computers often spend less time exercising. I mean, who would give up their chat rooms and games to get in shape ? I remember when I was a little girl - around @ NUM1 years old, and always wanted to be on the computer. I quickly got chubby and gained about @ NUM2 pounds ! I quickly realized that the computer is a tool used only when needed. because it shortens the activity time. A survey by @ ORGANIZATION2 (@ CAPS1) showed that @ PERCENT1 of @ CAPS4 between ages @ NUM3 are overweight due to their computer use. Famous singer @ PERSON2 says. “ I keep going and I'm losing weight because of the computers ! I'm going to gain weight, then I'm going to lose weight and skip the computer for a week. " I know you may think that computers do not make you overweight if you use them sparingly, but research has shown that over @ NUM4 minutes a day can make you fat. Obviously, computers are to blame for the weight problem in our society. Have you ever really seen the beauty of nature? Computer users don't ! I mean, people are too busy looking for things on the web that no one can really appreciate. the outside world. I remember when I watched the @ CAPS2 movie last week I was like, "@ CAPS3 nature is amazing why haven't I noticed it before?" I already know the answer. Computer, A survey conducted by @ NUM5 grade @ ORGANIZATION1, @ PERSON1 showed that @ NUM6 on @ NUM7 @ CAPS4 never noticed the flowers in bloom or the smell of fresh rain. Famous Doctor, @ PERSON4, "@ CAPS4 who doesn't see nature for its true beauty often cannot grow normally. People were supposed to be naked to nature, but over the years technology has diminished that connection." I know you @ MONTH1 that @ CAPS4 sees enough nature even with computers but more than often., @ CAPS4 doesn't care about nature. They are too busy with computers. Obviously, nature is ignored by society because of computers. Families are becoming more and more detached each time a child or even an adult uses a computer. I mean, every time you hit that switch you and the computer get connected. You can't focus on the people around you. I remember when my sister @ PERSON5 was in class @ NUM5, she never took her eyes off the computer. She was playing solo all the time and texting her friends, then she had completely disconnected from the family. A test performed by @ ORGANIZATION3 showed that teens would rebel @ NUM9 times more than usual when using a computer. Famous talk show host, @ PERSON3 says, "@ CAPS4 should not be using a computer, they will become detached from their friends and family." I know you think @ CAPS4 doesn't come off, but they do. Clearly, @ CAPS4 is separated from his friends and family because of the computers. In conclusion, anyone with a distant mind can say that computers have a negative effect on people as they consume time to exercise, make @ CAPS4 forget about nature, and keep family and friends apart. Therefore, I urge you not to use computers!
Computers are very sophisticated machines. With this high- @ CAPS7 object comes knowledge of many different places and what is happening in the world. Second, typing is a universal way of writing that is much faster than handwritten parts. Finally, @ CAPS5 is a convenient and fun way to relieve stress by interacting with other users around the world. There are thousands of news sections, every day of the year, which are ultimately not covered due to the limited time on the news channels. To quickly and easily get your news from around the world, you can visit any website and lock hundreds of stories with one click. To add to this, you will get more detailed news as there is no space or space limit on the website. These will even be areas of the website for donating to people who need help. patrick @ PERSON3, founder of @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, said, "@ CAPS4 brings in billions of dollars in aid to people who would otherwise be in big trouble, and the main source of all that money is websites. “@ CAPS3 on the internet millions of people wouldn't even know these people who are in desperate need of help. Typing is a quick and fairly easy way to write, which saves you valuable time. Teachers often assign writing homework, which takes about twice as long to handwrite as it does to type. Using typing would save you time and allow you to continue with other important tasks that need to be accomplished. Additionally, typing is a compulsory course for many freshmen, and previous experience is very helpful for teachers and students. “@ CAPS4 had a lot of students,” says intruder @ PERSON2, and those who excel not only get an “A,” but also cut homework time in half. Stress is a common problem in all age groups, and a computer is the best reliever @ CAPS5. Interactive play with people from all over the world will broaden your spectrum to other cultures. You use your typing skills to talk with others and share your opinions with them. “@ CAPS5 @ MONTH1 seems like a shock,” @ PERSON1 says to @ CAPS6 @ CAPS7, “but people who use computers one hour a day are much more culturally advanced than others.” To add to that, you can use the video chat to talk to people in foreign regions. Friends, family and exchange students can talk and see you through video chat. This considerably reduces the stay of the parents of their children living in a foreign country. Many people
Computers are good because people can find what they need and their pleasure to ask for things find places to get things at a good price.
Dear readers, I think spending time on the computer has its pros and cons. For the good things that people are able to research, talk to people like friends and family members and also the computer can help you learn everything you need to know. I also think there are downsides. People spend far too much time getting distracted, you ignore your family without even knowing it, and if all you do is staring at a computer screen that can permanently damage your eyes. I'll start with the good stuff about how computers affect people. The computer is great if you need to do some research. If you need information on anything, you can search it. For example, if you need to research a certain project or topic, the computer is the fastest way to get the information you need. Another good thing is that you have the option of talking to people like your friends and family. For me this is very important and I'm sure for you it is too. This is what I believe some of the good things are. Now I'm going to talk about the bad things. I firmly believe that people spend too much time on the computer, not knowing how much time has passed! You just stare at the screen, which is not good for your eyes. This can damage them permanently. One more thing I would like to mention is that when you are on the computer they tend to ignore their friends and family which could be a big deal. These are just a few examples of how the computer affects people.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, I think people should be able to and continue to use computers. For good reason like communicating with distant relatives. Another reason is if you need @ ORGANIZATION1 workout or healthy eating tips you can just print it out. And my last reason is if you are going on a long trip but don't know the way, you can just print out your itinerary (@ ORGANIZATION2). Say if you have a parent who lives up to @ CAPS1 but you can't call them because you live up to @ LOCATION1 and if you call them it will cost you around @ MONEY1 per minute. What you can do is contact them via the computer (webcam). And it's much better than just calling them because you can actually see them. Or if you are on a business trip away from home, you can watch your family. My second reason is that you can stay fit while on the computer. You can search for @ ORGANIZATION1's "yoga" poses. Or you can also take fitness classes while watching them from your computer. And if you are on a diet, you can search for healthy recipes @ ORGANIZATION1. You can also get @ ORGANIZATION1 workout gear that will make (or keep you) nice and slim. My last reason is if you are going on a long trip away from home, now you have to follow the path. But, what if you don't know the way? You can go on the Internet and search for directions. And that's much better because at least you're not wasting money on a @ MONEY2 @ ORGANIZATION3. And it's getting faster and faster. Best of all, you don't have to keep watching the @ ORGANIZATION3 and the shows. With the maps on the computer, you can print them out and keep them. These are all my reasons why people should really use computers. There are a lot of things a computer can do, which is really good. You can communicate with your loved ones, stay fit / healthy while using the computer and getting cards. Hope this opens the eyes of a lot of people. And maybe change the opinion of some scientists.
Should there be computers in the company. Yes, there should be some good stuff and some good IT help. I can give you @ NUM1 good reasons why. Bill payment, facebook and research. That's why computers are good. My number one reason computers are good is because people need to pay their bills, it's easier to pay your bills online than it is to do all the work on paper, and that makes things faster. for people and computers are really good for them, that's why we need computers. My second reason we need computers is that people have Facebook. And it's a good way to talk to friends, and to have new friends and it's fun to have Facebook and just interact with people and why computers are good in society. My third reason why we should have computers in our society is because research and the need to get information and a computer is really a good help for that, there is a great help for research as a specific subject that the computer has it all. In conclusion having computers is really good because you pay your bills, Facebook and your research so people need computers so i told you all the good things about computers can you tell me yours !
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 brought to my attention that computers have positive and negative effects on people. In the past, they had more negative effects on people. In a poll conducted in @ CAPS2 magazines, should @ CAPS1 that @ PERCENT1 of people have negative effects with computers. In my opinion, I think computers have a negative effect on people. First, people don't interact with their family and friends. @ CAPS1 is very important for having interactions with people. When you're on the computer, you don't really interact with it. You're just sitting there looking at a screen. In a survey conducted at @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 @ CAPS1 should we say that @ PERCENT2 of people are on computer and do not interact with the people around them. Parents don't see their kids as much as they are always on the computer. Parents would like to see their children move. Interacting with their family and friends will be healthy for them. Computers avoid spending time with family and friends. Second, people are not taking advantage of nature. People on the computer can go out because they are involved with the computer. Stay in a room doing the books thing for a @ CAPS5 for a while, people need some fresh air. also, but learning nature is more nature. If you don't like nature, you don't know what's going on. Nature is all around us and why would you want to miss it. in a poll in a local magazine @ CAPS1 expected that @ PERCENT2 of people are on computer and. While people love the computer, nature. Finally, people are spending too much time on their computers and less time exercising. Exercise is important for the mind and the body. Our bodies need to stay healthy and fit. Lack of exercise increases rapidly. The more computers people have, the more people exercise. America is already overweight to join the people on computers longest just to become overweight. People prefer to play on a computer which exercises for a healthy body. Dr @ DR1, a local doctor, has seen more and more people gain weight and not exercise as much as before. He says computers don't provide exercise. He recommends that people use their computers less, computers do more. In conclusion, I think the computer has a negative effect on. My three reasons are that people don't interact with friends and family, enjoy nature, and exercise less. I have negative effects on people. The important decision of @ CAPS1 is yours.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3, To begin with, I would like to give my opinion on overuse of computers. Although I use a computer a lot, I still have fun with friends and exercise. But too much time spent on the computer can prevent you from exercising or perhaps make you sick more easily. Spending so much time on the computer can make a child shy in outside life. Exercise is very healthy for children and adults. there's a way for a lot of people on computers to do whatever you can think of for hours on end. Staring at a computer screen for a long time will not keep you fit or fit. People should have a minimum time of @ NUM1 minutes each day and then exercise. That way you would have time to be on the internet and keep doing what's right for you, I shouldn't feel bad for people who waste all their time on the computer, but I do. Seeing them gain weight and gain weight from lack of exercise makes us want to help htem @ CAPS4, we have to put ourselves in this kind of situation. What I've noticed in people who stay online a lot is that they get sick more often. To sit there like lazy bums, they don't look fresh. Not getting enough fresh air can cause a cold or for some people with problems, get very sick. They have to think twice about what they are getting into. I would rather have fun and get some fresh air than sit at the computer on the verge of getting sick. It can be a different story if you come home sick from work / school and go to the computer. but being sick of the computer is disgusting. Even if to say, people who are on the computer are often shy in person. If someone has a fight on the internet, it can cause them so much pain that they won't even speak. Interaction with people is very pleasant and touching. But being shy and lonely because of a fight on the computer or being too over it is something to be ashamed of, you shouldn't have to be that way because of one thing. Get out into the world and don't let things like this get to you. For this, it would be good if people take care of themselves and not stay on the internet for so long. Remember to have at least @ NUM1 minutes to yourself and do whatever you want, but also exercise. Remember to stay healthy and go jogging every now and then. You shouldn't be focusing your life on your computer. Thank you and have a nice day.
People are probably on computers chatting by email or building a website or they are on youtube. Maybe the person doesn't like going out and enjoying nature or spending time with their family. They are probably looking or buying a new truck or they are looking at the history of all wars and how they started.
I think computers work @ CAPS4 because it helps people in their own work. but computers make people addicted because most of the time you can do anything but most computers can be used to get help like work, maps, friends to find problems like for school it helps with math, science, social studies and @ CAPS4 more stuff. But people abuse it like @ CAPS2 games and they don't even go out, they don't talk to their friends or even see their friends, most of the time they don't have a life. And people don't want to go to school because they're always tired and just want to use the computer all day without stopping. And so I think people are just too addicted to computers, they don't use it for scary reasons. If people got sick by then, they might have hoadaks or feel like throwing up. And they don't see that like going to @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, soccer, @ CAPS3, valleyball or even taking their own dog for a walk at @ CAPS1. @ CAPS4 people buy computers for games and @ CAPS4 or mutures buy computers for work and find places where the computer helps @ CAPS4 but it got people addicted to @ CAPS4. And computers really break @ CAPS4 because people can download a game or something and then it gives it a virus. So you're mostly spending around @ NUM1 $ or @ NUM2 $ to solve the problem. And there new computers come in and it's like @ NUM3 $ and @ NUM4 $ and there it's different just from beand and they go faster. And when people's computers go down, some go crazy and want to do cordial things. They feel like they are making friends, they only stay in the room for whenever they never come down at all and if they leave the room they don't respect the parents, they do whatever they want. 'they want to do and they have problems with the. So computers sometimes help, but maybe they should make different changes.
Welcome to @ DATE1. Nowadays, many technological advances are made every day. The only breakthrough that stood out from the rest was the invention of the computer. For a single invention, the computer has many features : access @ CAPS1 for educational purposes, allowing people to stay in touch and open people to new aspects of life. The computer has helped humanity with various discoveries about our world. As far as many can see, this technology is having a positive effect on people everywhere, every day. The new trend in schools around the world is the addition of computers or a computer lab. The reason is that this technology is taking learning to places it has never gone before. Whether a student needs to write an essay on the presidency of @ PERSON1 or get background information for a paper towel science experiment, a computer can also help them find the information they need. Programs like @ ORGANIZATION1 allow @ CAPS1 to present their work in a new and effective way. For kids who don't go to school or for adults who want to go to college, computers allow them to learn what they need in online schools. It is also important for @ CAPS1 that they can keep in touch with their friends after school hours. Computers are able to help them with this. How many times has it been said that communication is the key to a healthy relationship ? Believe it or not, computers are easy and keep in touch with people who are far away. Some friends and family stay in full computer contact. Because they don't live close enough to visit every day. If someone is careful and uses internet safety techniques, they can make new friends with common interests through computers. This contact with new people is just one way the computer broadens its horizons. Computers are like keys ; they open doors to new places and new ideas. Using this technology can allow older people to experience so many new things that they have never experienced before. Computers can help people open up to unique genres of music that they have never heard before. On the Internet, there are many video tutorials that teach people different skills for free. In their free time, they could use a computer to search for the inhabitants of @ LOCATION1 or the pyramids of @ LOCATION2. Any way a computer is used has the potential to have a positive effect on someone. At @ DATE1, the computer is essential for everyday life. It is imperative that you decide whether you are for this remarkable technology or against it. It's amazing what you can learn by jumping on a computer. Remember, computers aren't just for entertainment - they're also for education. So what are you waiting for? Discover how computers can have a huge impact on your life with just the click of a mouse.
Dear editor, I understand that some children and adults like to go to the computer, but they don't know what the bad effects are. When you are young anything can happen, while you are on the computer even worse things can happen. You might be doing bad things on the Internet, not exercising, or having time for your family. First of all, what I mean by bad stuff is that your child may go to bad websites, talk to strangers, or be bullied. When a child first gets, for example, a Facebook account, most of the time the people who ask for them as a friend are child molesters and / or unregistered sex offenders. They would probably act in a friendly manner to put the child at ease, and then end up kidnapping them. You might also be harassing people or being harassed yourself. And you can go to inappropriate websites. Second, you act enough of a generation child, I go out by and large, all children. Finally, your child will not have time with family. Now with more technologies like cell phones and laptops ; children prefer to go out with their friends and not with families. I could understand the whole story of the cell phone, but you need to spend more time with your family. The reason why I think going on computers all the time is not good is because you can do bad things by talking to strangers, harassment and you can go to inappropriate websites. you will not get enough exercise and you may have diabetes, obesity and childhood obesity. Finally, you won't have enough family time mainly because of all the new technologies that have come out like cell phones and laptops.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, In my opinion, computers are wonderful for society in so many ways. They can hold memories we can't keep forever like @ CAPS3, @ CAPS1 and typing letters. Computers can also give you diet tips and advice from locals. But, more importantly, the family you miss can talk to you for hours without a phone bill. For starters, the computer can give you @ CAPS2 advice on things you didn't know, so it can also be a learning center. For example: you are extremely stressed because you have a huge job to do but have nothing done, there are millions of websites you can go to to find your answers. The next day you collect your paper and there is an A stamped on it. Another thing @ CAPS2 about computers is that you can talk to your family members all the way around in a city, town, state, or even different content ! you miss them a lot @ MONTH1 but you can still see them or type them to let those sad feelings wear off for a bit. Every @ NUM1 in @ NUM2 Americans say that missing or not seeing a family member is like dropping a little piece of his or her heart. Everyone knows what it's like to have a memory you will never be able to forget : but what about those little memories that @ CAPS3, websites and written work seem to escape the brain. Computers are recording it all, so the "I know it's like losing, it's like a small part of the life you've always lived" exclaims @ PERSON1 who might This is exactly why the computer in many ways. Hope you are @ CAPS2 for the spirit, tips and family.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1 @ ORGANIZATION1, Have you seen someone with a @ CAPS1 emailing their coworker or someone with their laptop in a coffee shop ? Well I can @ CAPS4 that I have and I know they need it and it benefits them. People use a computer for their work every day. Plus, you can keep in touch with your friends and family. Plus, it's the start of a new, improved future ! whether you use a computer for the latest gossip or for a job, the computer has become a part of people's lives. My mom works on the computer everyday at her job, although @ MONTH1 doesn't seem important to you, it's for my family, who need money for food and bills. Half of @ LOCATION1 use computers for paid jobs, as does my family. Recently, @ ORGANIZATION3, the IT company conducted a survey to see how many people use the company for work. A huge amount of @ PERCENT1 uses the computer for work. That @ PERCENT1 people benefit from the use of the computer. They depend on their email to reach their boss or their statewide meeting layout to save money to get the raise they deserve. You @ ORGANIZATION1 even use computers to write your articles for the newspaper. More than half of @ CAPS2 or @ ORGANIZATION2 only benefit from working on computers. Everyone says family is the most important thing, right? What can you do if they live far away? Well you email @ CAPS5, @ LOCATION2M or @ CAPS3 of course. Some experts @ CAPS4 : "People spend too much time on their computers and less time exercising, enjoying nature and interacting with their families." @ CAPS5 is and was originally invented to stay in touch with family. So the experts have no reason to @ CAPS4 because people are using the computer to stay in touch with families. Even people in the military use the computer to communicate. Computer use is not as bad as you think. To look for! The future is coming! New technology greater than my knowledge is coming. Computers were the start and people haven't stopped since. Of course, of course, the computer has some drawbacks. But what thing or invention does not. No one can stop what is happening, you just have to learn to live with it and move on. Computers are the start of something great, so don't stop something that could be even better! Next time you go out, look for that guy in the business suit emailing @ CAPS1 or the girl in the cafe and smile, know they're taking advantage. Whether for work or to stay in touch with a loved one. Maybe someone with the next big idea for the future. Try your luck on the computer, stop the negativity, and a pleasant surprise will come your way.
Dear local newspaper, I make @ CAPS1 computers that affect people. But in many different ways. It also depends on how long you are on the computer. In my opinion, @ CAPS1 computers are good for a number of reasons. I'll tell you some of the reasons I @ CAPS1 this. Hopefully after reading this you will know more about @ CAPS1. One of the reasons computers are good is communication. @ CAPS2 are many different websites to go on and talk to your friends and family. If you had a family member far away, this might be a good way to talk to them. It is also a way to see your friends with the latest technology that you can videochat. Video chat is a way to see and hear your friends through a small camera. It's a great way to stay in touch with people you know. Another reason is that you can get a lot of information from the computer @ CAPS2 are all websites that provide answers to all your questions. Sites like @ ORGANIZATION1 and @ ORGANIZATION2 recommend other sites for research. You can learn a lot from computers. Everyone can learn something from the information provided on the computer. Finally, a computer can help you with a lot of things. Such as online courses, matchmaking, jobs and more. You can find things to do, just by typing it into the computer. The economy is very bad, but you can look for jobs. Then, once they find one that interests you, they will tell you. It is a very good and useful medium for you, and it is so simple. Computers are an amazing and new technology. They are offering more and more. So why not use it? It can teach you something and help you. Also, to keep in touch with family and friends. Don't take it for the benefit, but use it well. It's only a click of a button. Hope I have made it clear to all of you what a @ CAPS2 computer is really for. Maybe even changed your mind or gave you a different way of thinking about computers.
Dear @ CAPS1, technology has been advancing at a rapid pace for many years now, making life much easier for ordinary people. It helps in many ways, for example, to stay in touch with loved ones, to learn new information and to keep you safe and up to date. Computers are essential to everyday life and we need them. One of the main purposes of computers is to stay in touch. With new programs like "@ CAPS2" and "@ CAPS3" and "@ CAPS4", it gives you all kinds of new opportunities to stay in touch and have fun with your friends that were not available before. Email is also a great tool for keeping in touch with family who are far from the right letter that @ MONTH1 takes to a website in the mail. Another major reason we need computers today is to be able to research foreign places and learn facts that you would never have heard of without a computer. With computers, it allows you to go online, search for @ ORGANIZATION1, search for it and plan a flight there a week later. It's also a great tool for learning new things that he didn't know before. This is a huge step forward in the education process. Computers also give us extreme security and safety as well as breaking news. Imagine how much easier it would be to be at home and go to the computer to check the best route home rather than just sitting around. With modern technology, anything is possible. They add great security and protection to average people like you and me. In conclusion, I hope your opinion has changed on the subject of computers, or if you were already in support, that is as well. Now you are asked to share how great computers are and how essential they are to a better future. I understand that some people don't like electronics but it's up to you to get them back in order! The computer has great tools for moving forward and we should encourage them, not throw them away.
Dear local newspaper, I have heard that some people think that computers do not benefit society. But I believe they do. Computers help us learn information of all types. It is a good source of entertainment. And finally, computers don't dramatically change the time we spend exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. The computer is a great resource in our day to day life, so why not use what we have been given. Google, Yahoo, @ CAPS1 and @ LOCATION1. What would we do without them. They help us figure out little things like a quick and easy way to get rid of an upset stomach or a fun joke to tell in the office the next day while you're in the staff room drinking coffee. They also help us when we want to know what to do when your newborn baby has a cough and a little sneeze, you know the hard stuff. These are things you should know and not everyone goes to the library every time you have a question. The information on computers is endless, why not use it, from learning a new language for the next vacation at @ LOCATION2 to finding help with those geometry homework you just can't understand, the computer can do it all. Entertainment is eternal on computers since the skateboard dog. Youtube you can't stop laughing at at @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 on addictinggames.com. There will never be a dull moment. There are millions of videos and movies on youtube. There are @ CAPS4 games on pacman's only @ ORGANIZATION1 at scrabble there is no way we have nothing to do. I always go to @ ORGANIZATION2 to talk to family living too far away to visit. Computers are one of the best sources of entertainment, it is definitely for the benefit of society. Computers certainly don't change the way we exercise, enjoy nature, or interact with family and friends. On the computer, there are videos that show us new yoga moves and other ways to shed the extra pounds you've gained over the days. There are sites to find where to go camping and spending the family vacation you've always dreamed of. And we always take the time to visit our family and friends. Computers don't keep us hupnitized. Without a doubt, computers benefit everyone's society. They are informative. It certainly entertains us all. And then don't turn us into silly zombies so that we can't interact with other people. Computers are one of the most useful things we have and no one should think they aren't after reading this essay.
Dr @ DR1, The effects of computers on people and why people disagree that it benefits society and some people use it to be online to talk to friends and family. Whey people do not agree to use the computer. First, the computer that we could use for everything, like going to another place that you want to visit. Then @ CAPS1 you want to work or go to another school, you have to do it by computer. Why not try using the computer. I know the computer costs a lot of money, but sometimes @ NUM1 is good to have it. People @ CAPS1 spend too much time on their computer and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. For example, some family and friends are not in the same location and they cannot see each other and could write to each other online @ CAPS1 they do not have a cell phone or landline. Then people @ CAPS1 want to enjoy another nature that they don't know, they could use the computer and search for the place. The third reason is that people can exercise using a computer. This does not mean that @ CAPS1 spends a lot of time on the computer, because people could be doing a lot of things on the computer. As a student we do a lot of projects in the computer, we are looking for any box or thing. So people think math is fun for them. Finally, other people who disagree should try it. That computers affect people and why people disagree and spend time online.
Computers, computers, computers. Who does not have them correctly? They teach hand-eye co-ordination, allow people to discover faraway places and can people really believe some people are saying otherwise ? I think it's pure bull! @. Computers today help us with everyday tools like cars, cell phones and your everyday TV ! Computers also make work easier and you interact with people ! Personally, I believe that computers benefit today's society, and people who think otherwise should take a look at them all at once. Cell phones, cars, phones want! There, everything is done by humanity, but with a little technology. Did you know that @ PERCENT1 cars have built-in computers? By pressing the button, all the doors are unlocked, with a sudden the windows come down, yes, by computer. Now, how does the computer make life easier, you say? Well, read on to find out! The toothpaste, the baseball bats, the pencils that we're all made of, you know what ! Machines, but programmed with computer chips. Oh I remember when my history teacher told me it takes @ NUM1 hours to make a baseball bat by a human from scratch. Now it takes like @ NUM2 minutes with the help of computers. If that isn't enough to tell you that computers are benefiting us, then what will ?! Experts say people who use computers a lot don't often go out to interact with their family, but that's wrong I say! Cell phones are an everyday tool, do we use them to talk to each other about distant pay calls? Well, chat online on your own personal computer ! Hope now you think computers are really benefiting us. With the objects we use every day, how they make work easier and how it makes us interact. We use them every day, and I hope they will be around for the longest time.
Computers have a good effect on people because they can teach people hand-eye coordination of events in history and in other cultures, and they are a great way to relax and have fun. Computers teach the eye-hand coordinator by training your hand to go where your brain says it and your eyes show it. Hand-eye coordination is very important. It can help people drive, reduce reaction time, and write cleaner. If that can help a driver turn their steering wheel faster or hit their brake, I think hand-eye coordination could help that driver avoid a crash. Think of a climber trying to catch one on a mountain. He would be able to see it, grab it, and get up faster than before. Most people don't know how many soldiers were on @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 or how many countries there are in the world. The internet is a great place to find out about the history of the world, other things that you don't want to know. Many Americans don't know the story of @ LOCATION2 alone the story of the world. You can google anything you want from the end of @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 until the time @ LOCATION1 collapsed at @ DATE1. You can also learn interesting and useful things like cooking recipes or the contents of paintings. Or you could just meet the needs on yahoo.com. Computers are a lot of fun. You can talk with friends, listen to music, play games, or do all three at the same time. Is it just to scratch the fact that you miss your favorite show @ TIME1 ? There are hundreds of websites that will let you watch it for free. Did you want to hear your favorite band's new album? You can listen to it legally and for free on youtube.com playlist.com and many other websites. Between experiencing other cultures and just having fun, the computer can be a great way to interact with friends and family to improve hand-eye coordination or learn something new.
Dear @ CAPS1, computers have many positive effects on society today. I believe so because computers provide us with communication skills. They provide you with information and increase your technology skills. Read on to hear how I explain my reasoning in more detail. First of all, computers provide you with communication skills. I know I still find the computer useful. It allows you to access websites that help you talk to new friends. It's a quick and easy way to communicate with someone. Whether you're at home or on the go with your laptop, you can talk to people all over the world. Second, computers provide you with information to write articles, newspaper articles, etc. When a teacher asks the class to write an article on a specific topic, students can simply go home or type the topic into a research. At this point, they automatically receive thousands and thousands of different information sources. I know that @ PERCENT1 of the @ LOCATION1 population prefers computer sources over book sources because computers are so much easier to find specific information. Finally, computers increase your tech skills. Although some @ MONTH1 computers are fairly easy to use, companies are constantly trying to increase the difficulty of computers. They are also always releasing new software for your computer. By making computers and software more sophisticated, people of the present generation are more technically advanced than many other countries. Overall, computers have a huge influence on the technical skills of our countries. I believe that computers have a positive effect on society. I think it's because computers provide us with communication skills, they give you information, and they increase your technology skills. I hope I got us to look at this from the same perspective.
Dear @ CAPS1 newspaper, I have heard reports of the two news on @ CAPS2.V. and your paper that more and more people are turned into nothing but their computers. I'm not saying this is a bad thing, I mean the computer has the internet so you can go to anything like websites and online chats. I just think people should go out more often and do things outdoors like soccer, basketball, baseball or if you are an adult you might get a job that doesn't require @ CAPS2 a computer like per example building houses for the homeless, animal shelters, or having a job as a laborer, a pool lifeguard or any other job in a hotel that does not involve @ CAPS2 a computer. You could work in a restaurant that offers regular catering or a fast food service. Something that does not involve a computer. But if you can '@ CAPS2 get out of the house, you could do something a little different than computer video games. They might be similar to the computer, but it's something you can do on the @ CAPS2.v. and it's better than playing on the computer all the time.
Computers are increasingly entering our lives. These machines are helping our world to become an easier place to do. work, pay bills and even be entertained. @ CAPS3, these things are weighed down by the negative effects such as online dangers coming true and the obesity issues we face. With our new advances, people are spending more time sitting than outdoors, which is increasingly linked to the obesity problem we face. Children and teens today would much rather be on their @ CAPS1 or @ CAPS2 account than go for a run or jump. In addition, more and more ads are being shown on the web for unhealthy foods, which makes these children more likely to eat more junk food. Finally, the internet fools people into believing that they can eat an easy diet. and get skinny without worry. Along with the increase in the number of computers and users, the dangers and threats increase. Viruses can hijack your computer, steal your personal information, and destroy your computer. You can have huge bills for things you haven't even bought ! Cyber bullies are a new and dangerous threat too !. These people threaten and educate foolish people. I remember the story of a girl who committed suicide because she was bullied by someone who turned out to be another girl and her mother. Finally, online predators are a big threat to teens. These people brainwash people, convince them to meet, rape and kill them. Last but not least, the interaction of today's computers with young minds increases the ignorance of advertisements and the lack of education and reading. A lot of kids, even me, would rather be online than reading a book or doing homework. @ CAPS3, the computer may override some people's tastes, they will neglect school and other important things like homework or studying weaker minds for the future. In addition, advertisements and websites with false information can bring down our youth even further through ignorance and ignorant beliefs. Finally, interacting with children's computers can cause Belites like “ you are yelling to vote for @ PERSON1 because he is black ” or other racist and ignorant statements. Computers help us move forward in improving the world and our understanding of our world, @ CAPS3, some aspects can create ignorance and danger for people young and old, and their minds.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, This letter I am writing to you is about how computers affect people. I am concerned about the use of computers in our society because people who spend too much time on the computer spend less time outdoors, exercising, and with family and friends. . Let me tell you more about this ... As stated in the paragraph above, one of the reasons I am concerned about using the computer is that less time is spent on the computer. 'outside. “Everyone, young or old, should go outside for at least @ NUM1 minutes fresh air every day," @ PERSON2. Using the computer might limit this time, and it's probably @ CAPS1 healthy to be at home all day. A second reason why @ CAPS1 is worried about overuse of computers is related to the first reason. Too much time on the computer limits the amount of exercise you do every day. "People should exercise for an hour a day to stay healthy," says health expert @ PERSON1, "but @ PERCENT1 people don't @ CAPS1 because of computers." this often happens especially if you are playing a fun game with multiple levels. You plan to play for @ NUM2 minutes, but @ NUM2 minutes turns into @ NUM4 minutes, which @ MONTH1 even turns into an hour ! I always know that @ MONTH1 is hard to understand why I am concerned about using computers, @ CAPS2 I have one more reason. My last reason in this letter that I don't really like using the computers at @ CAPS1 is that it limits the time that can be spent with family and friends. How can you see your family and friends on the computer using a webcam. But it's not the same as spending quality time. "Friends come and go and you and your family will never live with @ CAPS1," says therapist @ PERSON3, "@ CAPS2 powers the best of what you have." there won't be much if your eyes are on the computer screen. As you can see, there are reasons why I am concerned about people spending time on the computer. There is less time to exercise, enjoy nature, and interact with family and friends. I hope you will take this into consideration.
I believe computers benefit society. They make life easier. Computers now make it possible to communicate with friends. They also teach you new things. Computers make our lives easier. They allow us to search for things in easier ways than a person or a book. It simplified the entry of reports. Now you don't have to worry about making mistakes on a typewriter and having to type it again. A computer saves the report and shows you some errors for your children to consider. It allows you to leave your home. Computers allow new means of communication. You can talk online with friends. Social networks such as @ CAPS1 and @ CAPS2 allow this. Computers allow you to converse with friends that you are not used to seeing or talking about. They also make it easier and more fun to make new friends. Computers teach us new things. They tell you about places you've never seen before. Any question can be put to you on the internet and you will get an answer. It gives you an answer that you don't know who to ask. Computers also teach hand-eye coordination. You can play games online or with @ CAPS3. You need to have good hand eye coordination to play these games. Computers have a positive effect on people of all ages. They make our life easier with their technology. They allow us to communicate with our friends through social networks. Computers also teach us new things such as hand-eye coordination. All of these reasons and many more are why I think computers benefit our society.
@ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS1 tech majors claim that the use of computers has a positive effect on people and I agree with them. I believe the use of computers is a necessity for social interaction, homework, research, and is a great source of entertainment on rainy days. After a long day at school @ CAPS1, the teens move from the bus to the front door, to their computer chairs. In fact, @ PERCENT1 teenagers must. Chances are they will log into facebook, myspace, formspring, @ ORGANIZATION2, @ CAPS2, and other socially interactive websites. With good time management I find these websites important. I think Facebook and email and @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 (@ CAPS5) are a great way to be socially interactive. It's also a great way to stay in touch with family or friends from a distance. I am going to camp @ DATE1 and have made some friends that I call my family. Some of them are across the ocean at @ LOCATION2. Since I can't make long distance calls that would cost way too much money, Facebook is a great alternative to keep in touch. @ CAPS1 of my family also lives far away. For example my aunt, uncle and cousin at @ LOCATION1. My aunt just had a baby, which means I have a new cousin that I can't see in person yet, so see photos on Facebook instead of spending money on envelopes, stamps and photo prints are really awesome @ CAPS1 homework given in school requires a computer. Three out of five homework is computer-based. Whether taking a twenty question word definition test, the computer is a necessity for schoolwork. In school now many projects are assigned, which means we need a computer and the internet. We use PowerPoint and other Microsoft documents, whether it's typing an essay or creating a PowerPoint slideshow. We need the Internet for research to get the information we need to be successful. In addition to interacting with other humans, researching, and typing, the computer is home to many other wonders. A lot of people think that people are spending too much time on the computer. While this @ MONTH1 is true for some people, it is not true for @ CAPS1. A lot of people are worried that kids will get lazy, but in a recent vote @ NUM1 on @ NUM2 mothers said they'd instead see their kids playing and interacting on the computer and then being a couch potato and watching. @ CAPS6. On a rainy day, the computer can be a great alternative. You can slip in an @ CAPS7 and watch a movie or play a game or even search for something new and learn more about it. @ NUM3 on @ NUM2 @ CAPS8 have at least two computers in the house for some reason. They are important for the daily life of the people of @ CAPS1. The computer is a great way to stay in touch with family and friends. You also have to use a computer for school most of the time and on a rainy day this is a great alternative and then be lazy watching @ CAPS6 while your eyes are falling asleep. I believe computers have a positive effect on people.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3, I think it's good and bad. The good thing about it is that it teaches people the places of @ CAPS1 and how other people live there, what they do to get food or how they raise their children. It also helps people like the cops. Because they have a person looking, they have the computer to look at. It also helps the cops, because in a speeder they can see him or she already has. This helps teachers get a lesson or line to teach or they will put you online to help with your typing. Yes, its dose has a positive effect on some people. So, people think that they do much better around the computer or that they work better online. Like a high school newspaper would say. Yes you can talk to other people online and get friends @ CAPS1. On the other hand, computers can be bad because when you meet people online you don't know who that person is or where they are from. They might have a long criminal. Some people might want to put you in trouble because of their family issues. Some people spend too much time on the computer because they meet someone they love and don't care what the family wants to do. So people used to workout every day, but now they can talk to their friends all night and all day, they stop and forget and never do it again. Some people just stay indoors and on the computer, play baceball or football, or go to family reunions.
Do you like going on the computer? Well after reading this I don't think you would want to. I know the people of @ ORGANIZATION1 are using the computer. If you are on the computer for @ NUM1 h. you can damage your eye and you should have been glass and you don't want sometimes it to be hard to stay away from them. The internet can be very useful for things like talking to friends and family. And to play games. the computer is used for different things, one thing you can learn is the president, another thing is your family history. Now you know what the computer can do to you. Use only a computer or @ NUM2 or @ NUM3 min. This is what I would do.
@ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS1 technology continues to improve more and more, as does the percentage of Americans who use computers. @ PERCENT1 of these Americans are children ages @ NUM1 to @ NUM2. Most teens use the computer to interact with friends on social sites or spend a good portion of their home playing online games. But what about other teens ? those who constantly face cyberbullying or are put at risk by talking to people they don't even know ? To avoid these problems, I say we put a limit on our use of technology. Social sites, such as @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3 and Facebook, are experiencing alarming growth. More teens would rather be on the computer than playing outside or on a swing. I myself have a @ CAPS2, a facebook and a @ CAPS3 and it kept me from exercising because it's almost like I would rather talk to my friends than go jogging. It bothers me, really, but there's one question I always risk myself; how can i stop? I go shopping, study more and spend time with my family. There are ways and reasons to stop being so attached to technology that we just don't know how to get the message across. Besides the effects that social sites and exercise have had on computers, online gaming is also a big problem. A lot of kids, not mostly boys, I see in school love online games. But the only people who actually benefit in life are the website owners. These games are not educational, so that's not a good reason to spend a few hours of your time. So in general it's a mess. More important things should be done during this time, such as studying or doing homework. Think about it, you might even be spending time with friends at that point rather than sharing on a monitor. Although computer games are one of the main reasons kids go to the computer, bullying is a huge factor as well as the danger of a stranger on cats. If you are someone who is constantly bullied in school, you think that being able to come home and spend time on the computer is amazing ; until the bullying arrives. Cyberbullying can cause a child to work on their own, fight in school, or worse yet, pick someone up because they didn't think it was worth experiencing. Limited computer use or parental controls would really help prevent this. Computer use has its ups and downs, but my point is safety, health, and education, one of the major issues we face due to modern technology. I would like to know that my letter to your newspaper has been read. Please let me know your thoughts on this issue within the next three days via email.
I think the computer has a positive effect on people all over the world. You can do a lot of things on the computer like acidemic work, talk on the enernet, or even find out facts about famous people you love, people on computer. I think computer science can be good for society because computers can help you with your acidic work and can also talk to your friends online. One way I can profit from using the computer while typing my schoolwork. But when I'm not doing my schoolwork, I talk to my friends online. But the best thing you can do is find information on famous people like @ PERSON1. I remember when he was doing a project on the computer and got an @ NUM1 on it because I used the computer. This should prove that computers are very useful. Have you ever wondered how a computer can help you in your everyday life? If you said no, I can tell you how. You can learn about different places and food. Let's say I was going to make pizza and I didn't know how I should watch on the computer how to do it. A professor at the Virgin Tech School in New York said that without computers the world is nothing. @ PERCENT1 people from new york tech school agreed, but @ PERCENT2 couldn't imagine a world without computers. If the world didn't have computers, we wouldn't have cellphones or even televisions. I never know of cellphones or computers, let's face it without computers the world would be lost, as the New York Tech professor said. Also, teens would be bored because most teens don't like going out and if we don't have computers how are adults going to work there or they will have to write it down. Let's be honest, some adults and kids write by hand, it's like chicken so to speak. I think the computer is very useful for everyone in the world. In conclusion, I think the world of the hole should keep computers because without computers the world is lost in the past.
Dear, @ ORGANIZATION1 @ CAPS1 the opinion is going crazy. These are people who get addicted to @ CAPS2 like games, websites, communication and email websites etc. Therefore, these are people who are just simply addicted to computers, like @ CAPS3. I know people who are addicted to @ CAPS3 because they get addicted to talking to people and looking at others. Thus, they do not cooperate well with their schoolwork (thus they get bad grades) or they lose the connection with their family members and friends (thus they become lonely and depressed). So their only friend is the computer. Other effects on the computer are also that if you are addicted to a website (in general) you can lose shape because you don't spend enough time exercising there is already enough. of people in @ LOCATION1 who are obese and this is already a complement to the problem. I read online that in @ LOCATION1 is obese. Computers are therefore an addiction that waits to happen. Therefore, people should start spending time with their friends, exercising and staying away from the computer.
Computers are used everywhere for thousands of different things. Many @ LOCATION1 spend hours glued to our computer screen every day. Being heavily dependent on your computer isn't always good for you. @ DATE1 Too many people spend countless hours on their computers, rather than doing other activities. Therefore, computers are not the best way to spend your time because you get less exercise, your school grades may drop, and your communication skills will weaken. Firstly, when you spend days on your keyboard, you will have less time for running or playing with your friends. In @ LOCATION1 @ DATE1, many more people are becoming obese, creating unhealthy genes to pass on. Perhaps a reason for this is that too many people can just sit on their laptops to shop, watch movies, and even go to college. Fewer and fewer people will walk around because they prefer to be on @ CAPS1 or @ ORGANIZATION1. Without the constant use of computers, people would have more free time to go out or play sports. Second, many children and teens are strapped to their laptops and take them with them everywhere. So, rather than studying for their tests, they could be on @ CAPS1 or @ ORGANIZATION1. Must choose to go to @ CAPS1 or @ ORGANIZATION1 rather than opening their books. Plus, spend so many hours on a computer. less time for homework, then they just start doing nothing. Computers are taking away their time that could be used for college education, why waste it ? Finally, why talk on the phone or in person when you can just email them or chat with them online ? Many @ DATE1 people stay indoors on their laptops to talk to one person rather than face to face. This can lead to a lack of communication skills, something that can look good online, can look absolutely terrible in the " real " world. This loss of skills could lead to a generation of more cyber-talkers rather than @ CAPS3. In conclusion, why spend so many hours on the computer when you could be outside or hanging out with friends? Personally, I'd rather go do something than be stuck inside a computer.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, Some people wonder if technological advancements, such as computers, are good for our daily life. I think computers are a good addition to life for several reasons. On the one hand, information and knowledge are at your fingertips. It only takes a few seconds to know everything you want or need to know. Emails, @ CAPS2, @ CAPS1, etc. may be labeled as unnecessary or dangerous. New friends can be made every day. Finally, limits can be set so that you no longer have to worry about the time spent on computers. One of the reasons that computers can be beneficial to our daily lives is what they can do for us. Knowledge is only seconds away. Everything you could be interested in learning can be found on the web. Homework, school projects, and even work need information that can't be found anywhere else. The library is a great place to find what you're looking for, but if you're in a rush and need what you're looking for quickly, there's the online encyclopedia, the world's book, and more. Technology is becoming an important part of our life today, and there are a lot of opinions on it. If there's one thing everyone is in agreement on, it's quick and can make everyday tasks easier. Ordering clothes, books, movies, travel tickets and more can be done online. This is not all the computer has to offer. Friends / family are a big part of life, but they don't always live around the corner. They @ MONTH1 live across the state, across the country, even across the world ! @ CAPS2, @ CAPS1, e-mail, etc. can allow you to connect with anyone in the world at any time. Email has been around longer than other websites like @ CAPS2 and myspce which allow you to monitor them daily. @ CAPS1 or ichat allows you to instantly talk to whoever you want. These websites can't replace being together in person, but it can help keep in touch while waiting. Some fear spending too much time face to face with the screen, there is even something to prevent this. Time spent indoors on the computer becomes a problem. Not enough exercise or time spent outdoors can be unhealthy. Time limits can solve this problem. A while can be plugged in. When there is @ NUM1 minutes left, it notifies you. This way more time can be spent outdoors in the open air and less indoors staring at the screen all day. There have been many different opinions about how computers belong in our lives. I believe they are a beneficial part of our life. They allow you to get information with the touch of your fingers, access your friends / family, and there are time limits. Nowadays, the computer is something we cannot live without.
Do you really think computers have a positive effect? Don't you think a lot of people stay on their computers for too long? You want me to write to my local newspaper what I think about the effects they give to people. I think they have a horrible effect on people. The folks at @ CAPS2 are on the computer doing something that might give them headaches, eye sales, but if they were outside they would be exercising. One of the reasons I think computers have such a bad effect on people is addiction. There are a lot of things people @ MONTH1 get addicted to on facebook, myspace, formspring. another example, @ CAPS2 my sister comes home first. She does is go on facebook, training and youtube. My second reason I think computers have such a terrible effect is because of eye damage. @ CAPS2 you stare at a computer screen for so long that you don't notice it, but your eyes are damaged. @ CAPS2 f was in sixth grade, needed glasses because I was addicted to computers for so long and my eyes got damaged. My first reason @ CAPS1 I think computers have a terrible effect on people is because it is a waste of time. @ CAPS2 you are at home on the computer and basically you should be outside with your friends, family, or even just going for a walk, and that is also a waste of time because @ CAPS2 is on your computer, you could also be in the place. You might think they have a positive effect yes, but they damage your body. this is the reason why @ CAPS1 I think computers have such a bad effect on people. Instead of being on the computer, join a sports club. Now is the time to act, but by creating more clubs or activities for people. the problem was, people were spending too much time on the computer. these are my reasons the @ CAPS1 computers have such a terrible effect on people.
Dear Diary, I have heard that you are creating an article about the usefulness or the uselessness of computers to society. I find computers to be a great addition to society as they play an important role in jobs across the country plus display information accessible at @ CAPS1 @ CAPS8 ? Imagine how computers helped shape @ ORGANIZATION1, do you want to forgo this blessing ? Computers have proven to play an important role in job profiles all over the world. Just think of @ ORGANIZATION1 a salesperson for example. Sales reps need their computers to store data, like @ ORGANIZATION3. By the way, a study was put in place by the @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 to find out how many jobs deem it necessary to have computers, and the results showed that the @ PERCENT1 @ ORGANIZATION1 jobs in @ LOCATION1 must use computers. Dr @ DR1, a computer programmer at to go industries, mentioned on @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 that "computers appear at some point in everyone's life whether they like it or not, especially in jobs" . If you think about it, people who work with computers have less trouble calculating or storing data than citizens without a computer. Just think of computers @ ORGANIZATION1 in this way a helping brain for those who work hard. Students love having access to information from all over the world. I bet @ PERCENT2 @ ORGANIZATION1 people would agree with me, don't you think? Students around the world, for example @ MONTH1, should research information on a topic in class. A @ CAPS8 at @ ORGANIZATION2 in @ CAPS6 mentioned that, "I prefer to use the internet to search @ ORGANIZATION2. It's much faster than browsing books, and people all over the world are posting their opinions online at the place @ ORGANIZATION1 a book with some authors. " @ CAPS7 day @ PERSON1 was in the library with the rest @ ORGANIZATION1 his class, assigned to research his topic in a book. He read five books and only got half of @ ORGANIZATION1 a page @ ORGANIZATION1 notes for his assignment. The next day he was allowed to work on the computer @ ORGANIZATION2 and got three pages of notes @ ORGANIZATION1. "I was so relieved to go online," @ PERSON1 reported to me. A survey was set up by the @ CAPS8 foundation to see if students prefer computers to books and @ PERCENT3 said yes. Would you like @ ORGANIZATION1 students of all ages to participate in finding their favorite machine? Well, I sincerely hope your answer will benefit the children of @ LOCATION1. From young students to adults, computers have become a favorite machine @ ORGANIZATION1 modern technology. Computers are a great part of @ ORGANIZATION1 society. @ MONTH1 I remind you that computers benefit many jobs in @ LOCATION1 and in addition help students by showing information on all there is to know. I sincerely hope you share my feelings on this matter. What is your view of IT today?
Dear @ CAPS1 from the newspaper, @ CAPS2 was made to worry that computers are a threat to society. On computers are very useful. If one needed directions to a place or wanted to know how to do something, @ CAPS2 would show how. They can also help you do things like read faster and correct your eyes. Computers are also a good form of entertainment. These are some of the reasons that computers are useful. First, computers can help people figure out how to do things. If there is every place far to go or if there are many winding roads to get there, you can use the computer. On the computer, there are many maps that give detailed descriptions of how to get to places. Experts say more than @ PERCENT1 viewers are reaching their destination. The reason for the lack of driving skills. Computers also help with instructions on how to do things. If there is a cake to be made, the computer will have recipes for making @ CAPS2. It can also help with making plans. For example, they show things about @ CAPS3 mythology to do a @ CAPS3 slap. The computer can help you learn languages. There is software that can teach people languages just like books, except they have animated teachers to help them speak the language to go to. Reading all foreign languages can help you with normal reading. Another reason computers are useful is that they can help people read. Did you know that @ NUM1 on @ NUM2 Americans have trouble reading. It wouldn't happen if they had computers. Almost everything on the computer needs to be read, so @ CAPS2 gives a lot of practice. @ CAPS2 will also improve hand-eye coordination. When someone is looking at something, they are looking at the screen, not their hand. Also on microcoft word to type a try, you are looking at the screen and not your fingers typing. There are many computer games available to improve hand-eye coordination. The last reason computers affect people is because they are entertaining. On the Internet there are many fun games for all ages. Some games, they could watch YouTube videos, there are a lot of funny videos out there. As you can see, computers are useful in many ways. They will give directions or help people read. Computers are entertaining and fun.
Dear @ CAPS1, The effects of computers on society are a mixture of positive and negative use. Being tired and lazy is negative computer use. When you are on the computer. When you are on the computer for more than @ NUM1 minutes, you start to get lazy and not want to get up. This affects a lot of people @ DATE1 because there are a lot of people who work at their computer for their job and they have to use the computer. Children are harder because they don't want to do anything other than sit on the computer instead of when they come home from school because they are so tired if we limit the time they use the computer, it will be better for children, big ups, and your brain. When adults spend a lot of time on the computer due to work or checking email, most of the time they are not interacting with family or other people because they are on the computer. I can connect with this because @ CAPS4 daddy is still on the computer because his office is not talking to us or even seeing us. Sometimes I wish the world never invented computers because I'm so frustrated with them, but most of the time we hang out with family and it's good to get away from your computers next to that is what makes money. Emailing, chatting, @ CAPS3, goal, @ CAPS2 are all technological communications using these communications. Emails and @ CAPS3 are the only @ NUM2 communications my dad @ CAPS4 sends uses a lot of emails to football coach @ CAPS4 about not being at a game or going to a match, and he always responds. It's very easy. @ CAPS3 is a good way for children to talk to each other as some may not have a phone or you cannot see them at all during the school day. It's a good way to communicate without @ CAPS3 or email, I don't know what would happen, but I know it would be bad. So you see how computers have good and bad points, getting lazy, not spending enough time with friends or family, and talking to friends are all positive and negative computer conflicts.
While most people would say that inventing a computer is a good thing, I don't agree. There are a lot of bad things about the invention of computers, they give access to the Internet. The internet has inappropriate images and writing, unclear identification and games. Worst of all is that on the Internet there is always an unclear identification. While something on a social website like @ CAPS1 or @ CAPS2 could say that a person is fourteen, @ CAPS3 or @ CAPS4 could be someone who has just been released from prison and is actually forty years old. There is never a way to tell if it's safe to talk to other people on the internet. Internet gaming is also very bad. Gambling is one of the causes of obesity in America. In addition, games on the Internet keep children away from their families. Another reason why games are bad is that you can get addicted to it and stare at a computer screen for so long that you experience eye strain. There are also inappropriate images and writing on the Internet. There are bomb-making websites and illegal music download websites. Overell, computers are for research, but are unreliable in terms of safety and cause obesity and family troubles.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3, I believe that computers have a negative effect on people. Computers have caused problems where children do not do any type of physical activity that robs them of their necessary daily exercise. Plus, kids spend so much time on the computer that they don't get the chance to enjoy the outdoors. Another effect of computers on children is that @ CAPS6 prevents them from spending time with family and friends. I don't know how people can sit in front of a computer all day without moving. First, children don't exercise enough because they spend too much time on a computer. We know almost everyone has a computer, even me, but @ CAPS6 doesn't mean @ CAPS6 should be used @ NUM1. I am an athlete and love to be on the computer, but I am not using @ CAPS6 every second that I can. Doctors always recommend that everyone get at least an hour of exercise per day. Most people don't do this. They would be the kind of people who use the computer or some other electronic device a lot. It is also the cause of childhood obesity. If all you do is sit at the computer all day, someday you will be. But people need to get out of the computer and do something like a sport or even a game like. If you don't exercise, you won't be enjoying the outdoors. Second, people are not enjoying the outdoors. If someone enjoys playing sports they shouldn't stay on @ CAPS4 for three hours, instead they invite a few friends over to play the same basketball. Even walking home from school with a friend is a great way to be outside. People @ MONTH1 think that in winter there is nothing to do. Have a snowhall battle with friends and have fun. No one should feel embarrassed even if you wanted to play tag with a friend but are @ NUM2. Go out there and do something. There are millions of things to do that don't happen on a computer. You have been a child for so long that you need to have fun now before you get serious about your life. Finally, when you're not outdoors, you're not having fun with your friends or family. People spend too much time on the computer and less time with friends or family. You are not going out with your friend if you are chatting on @ CAPS4. Is @ CAPS6 so hard to tell them online "@ CAPS5 @ NUM3 come @ NUM3 my home". @ CAPS6 takes two seconds. Then in no time you will be spending time with your friend. I don't understand why @ CAPS6 is embarrassing to be with your family. My dad and I love to go play basketball or table tennis together. We don't care because we're having fun. Find something your parents love to do and see if you like @ CAPS6. @ CAPS6 is not hard to tell a friend or relative, "@ CAPS5 to do something.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 how much do computers affect our life ? I have always thought about this question. Technology is skyrocketing and making our lives easier, but have you ever thought that maybe technology could take people's jobs? In every day of our life we see something new coming out and becoming an easy tool for us. But what about us? Since the technology came out, people are not the same; for example cars, making sure that people don't walk and even exercise, they don't spend too much time with family and friends and finally people miss thousands of wonderful things that happened produced outside. I just think technology like computers takes up a whole quarter of our life doing mostly the work for us. First of all, have you ever noticed that people get obese so quickly? I know the answer to this question. Obesity at @ LOCATION1 is getting worse, people are getting bigger and bigger just by sitting with computer and eating, what exercise are they doing there ? People don't exercise anymore, instead of playing games like soccer, volleyball, baseball or even running, @ CAPS3 !! They're at the computer playing games that aren't doing any good. I asked people what they thought about it and this is what a woman replied: "I think people don't think about their health, they just think about making their life easier". I agree with her; obisitty could take you to the hospital and you don't want that. Second, have you ever wondered about @ CAPS2 a lot of time you spend with your friends and family ? Well, think about it. You might have a computer because you spent too much time outdoors but not with your family, but you can see that you are probably home most of the time since you bought your computer, but not with your family. Spending time with your family is so important because you might miss so many wonderful things. Like family celebrations or just watching a TV show, I just think spending time with your family is important. Finally, if you are a parent and too much into a computer, wouldn't you feel bad if something happened to your son / daughter? Either way, we always miss wonderful things, and sometimes we lose them because of technology, you don't want that, do you ? Imagen you are at the computer and your daughter has said her first word won't you feel bad if you missed this? I want. Always give life time because maybe one day you might hate yourself for missing out on so many wonderful things. In conclusion, so many people have become addicted to computers, they just can't live it on their own. Imagine that you become one of them. You become obese, don't spend time with your family, and miss out on the wonderful things the world has to offer. Hope you understand that technology is not everything in life.
Dear @ CAPS1, I think some people overreact, it's not really going to kill you. I'm not suggesting that people should stay on the computer all day. My last reason would be that today not everyone has computers. Read on to learn more about my three topics : @ CAPS2 Too many people overreact I think so because people say "you are going to miss or you miss your life. Plus you are still interacting with your family and friends, but not verbally (only typing) I don't know why people are so against computers its like global warming, so many warnings and no one is listening so why will they listen to people say that staying too long on a computer can make you fat. That was just my opinion / thoughts on this topic. Next, I'm going to explain how a computer can't really kill you. It can't kill you because it is just a computer for both the reason is you can get obese and be bored because I can't stay on the computer for more than an hour because it just gives me pain to the head. Well, that was another opinion of the m ien, so read on to see what else I have. Now I will tell you how everyone has computers. The point is, computers aren't the only things that cause obesity. Everyone has a computer now because I guess everyone is going on Facebook, even my mom has a Facebook! But there are also other websites such as sex, games and friends sites. The most used site I think is facebook. I think so because so many people have it. Well that concludes my essay and now you know my opinions on how some people overreact, how it's not really going to kill you and how everyone has a computer.
Computers have little or no effect on people. In fact, computers help us a lot. They help us find @ CAPS1, medical, research and tell if you have cancer or not. The computers that people think of are machines that are in a room and are often used but not for their purpose. People sometimes use it for entertainment and not for research. It's not just these kinds of computers. There are bigger, more advanced computers that scientists use every day. The @ CAPS2 computers are having an effect on us, but in a good way. Most of the time, those people who play games or music are bopard children. They use it a little too often. I only play with it on rainy days when I can't go out to play. Humans use computers mainly because it makes life simpler, easier. @ CAPS2 makes life easier, for example instead of writing a report by hand, you can type it or instead of searching everywhere in a book, you can go directly to the information. A final example is; when you want to stay up to date on your favorite sports team, you don't need to go to their game, you just have to go to their website. In my opinion, I say that @ CAPS2, computers have an effect on us, but for good reason. I am a sports fan so I do a lot of sports. I use the IT offer for pleasure and research. It had no effect on me. It has no effect because I still play very often with my friends, like every day. There is no reason why people cannot use computers often enough. Computers sometimes don't have a positive effect, but they don't sometimes have a negative effect either. I exercise, love nature, and interact with my friends and family as well. I also often use the computer. Experts shouldn't be too concerned with people who use computers.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS1 I can see both sides of your argument, if computers are important. However, computers have revealed the way we live our lives. For a moment, think about what the world would be like without computers. I feel that computers are an important aspect of our lives. Computers are especially important for students and teachers. For example, if a student needed to report on @ LOCATION1, he could look up facts and other things on @ LOCATION1, then he could condense the facts into a paragraph on a Word document, and if he had a question, he could email his teachers. Finally, he could print the finished report. All without having to get up and disturb his parents to go to the bookstore and pay @ NUM1 on a book he will probably read once. Also, if he had a question, there would be no communication outside of the school. Online textbooks are another example of students using computers, which saves them the trouble of saving heavy textbooks at home. Because I know that computers have helped me in school and more work a lot easier. Second, @ PERCENT1 of businesses say they use the computer on a daily basis, and some agree that without a computer their businesses would fail. The computer makes doing business much easier, especially with easy-to-use business management and file retention programs. On a computer, businesses can store customer information, compare revenue, and keep inventory without having a cluttered stack or cobinet file. Computers can also save businesses money, as it eliminates jobs such as record keeper. Additionally, businesses can save time by meeting via webcams instead of letting people drive from state to state for a meeting and then do so the next month and month afterward ; and they might also understand sassy things like sales projections and other things. Computers are also important and useful in the home. People can shop at home, order pizza online, and shop online. Plus, people can pay their bills online, which saves paper. Let's say a mother has a child! who is sick and she wants to know how to cure it, what to smell it and what medicine to give it. She can search all of it on the computer and book the websites for the next time. Then her other child comes to provide, and she wants to find a healthy snork. She can feed him, which she can do online. Then she cooks chicken fried rice, she knows how, she can search the recipe online. Finally, after dinner, she has to clean a stain on the carpet, but it won't go away, so she buys carpet cleaner on the web. Computers made it so much easier on Mother's Day. Without computers our lives would be much more difficult. If we didn't have computers if the person whose report on @ LOCATION1 had failed the sick child would not have done so, the starving child would have been fed unhealthy food and @ MONTH1 would fail. Computers are an important afect of our lives.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 do you know someone who lives far from home? Or have you ever used @ ORGANIZATION1 @ CAPS3 ? These are just a few of the techniques available to a computer. Computers have greatly benefited society. It helps folks @ CAPS2 in things like letting people talk to each other, learning skills by playing games, and it has pictures and it's easier. As I mentioned, computers allow us to communicate with other people. This way we don't have to talk to people in person. it would get boring if every time we wanted to talk to someone three things would happen without a computer. these would either be having problems at school, memorizing a phone number and dialing it, or speaking to that in person. Obviously, computers make it easier to talk to people. Then, computers allow us to talk to distant friends or family members. You can write them an email or talk to them in a chat. It helped me because I'm talking to a friend of mine at @ LOCATION1 and recently emailed my aunt. Without a doubt, computers make it easier for us to communicate with other people, regardless of the distance. Second, every computer I've seen is capable of playing some sort of game, whether it's on a disc or on a website. These games can teach us many skills. The first skill we might learn is typing. Just a few days ago I was playing a game where you had @ NUM1 seconds to type as many words as possible, as fast as possible. If you make a mistake, a second decreases your time. It also gets more difficult the further you go, going from three letter words to five letter words to even seven letter words and so on. Also, a class that at @ CAPS4. information processing, concerns data processing. After our homework was done, we could play the typewriter to learn @ NUM2. It is also a typing game. As you can see, some games can teach us to type. Another type of games where you need guided thinking to be able to win. It teaches you to be ready for almost anything. In addition, it teaches us to deal with your surroundings and to decide in a decision. In real situations, @ MONTH1 has only a few seconds to react. Games like these help in real life situations. The last type of game is tower defense. It shows us as a teenager to think as if our lives depend on it. If we were to really join the army and become some sort of captain, we would be able to organize our trops in the best possible way. These tower defense games also teach us to think and plan ahead. In these types of games, it costs money to bag upgrades by purchasing the @ LOCATION1 towers. One decision is to either buy a weaker upgrade now or save for a more powerful upgrade in a moment. Tower defense games make us make better decisions. @ MONTH1 games are fun, but they also teach us skills. Finally, the computer makes things easier and has pictures on @ ORGANIZATION2. Something a computer makes easier.
Dear, @ CAPS1 Who wouldn't agree that more and more people are using computers. Isusse is @ CAPS2 bad or good for you. My take on this is that I agree that computers are bad and people spend money. Too much time on the computer. I also agree with this because people spend more time on the computer and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends, and that is my take on why people spend too much time on computers. Additionally, you may find that people are spending too much time on the computer and less time exercising. I say because I remember a time when I was spending most of his time on computers and not at school he would tell all day almost all day he would bring food up the stairs and throw the plates on the floor, continued to eat and eat and fell asleep without doing anything. He would do it day in and day out. when i go to his house it would be dirty after all these times i will hold him to clean him he didn't after eating. on the computer, @ CAPS3 one day he really got gone and the doctor said you were obese but do you think he cared but we would try to push him to exercise every day knowing that he has dibietes. We told him and told him that spending too much time on computers is bad for you. Another reason why spending too much time on the computer is bad because you have to learn how to enjoy nature and how to go out scid. I remember a time my friend was telling in his house all day on a computer when I was pushing him out while he said no all the time, @ CAPS3 a he was pulling out sid to get some new computer software and when he door open he got scared of the light and ran next to it, reason spending too much time on computers is bad for you, it proves get and play gets active
Dear local newspaper, I heard you say whether computers are a good thing or a bad thing. Personally, I think computers are a bad thing. Three reasons for this are that children don't exercise, people do inappropriate things on them, and they could lead to giving too much information, which could lead to injury or death. The first reason is that while someone is using a computer, they can be outside enjoying the good weather, if the weather is nice of course! I mean you have to agree with me on this one, the main reasons people get obese is because of some kind of computer technology. The second reason that computers are a bad thing is that some people do inappropriate things on them. If people do such inappropriate things with them, why don't the makers of the computers block them? I don't know, I mean what kind of sick would even put these sites up ? From what I learned in computer class, they can be used for more inappropriate things than I ever imagined! The @ CAPS1 and the last reason computer technology could be a bad thing is because some people gave too much information about them and got hurt by the internet world @ MONTH1 looks like fun and games till what someone gets hurt, well that's what my mom says! In conclusion, as you can probably see, I really am not a fan of the computer. The reasons I don't like it is because kids don't exercise enough, kids do inappropriate things in it, and it has been used for injury and sometimes death. These are the reasons computers are a bad thing, so remember these tips, take this article into consideration.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1 I believe computers benefit society because it is a faster and easier way to do things like. Communication, Email helps communicate with other people when you don't have time to talk on the phone at work or don't want to spend an hour on the phone. It is also faster than waiting for them to answer the phone and the phone mites to die. Or they don't respond and they need information quickly. Another good thing about computers is finding information like if you are going on a trip, you can search for hotels, find maps and plane tickets and see what the place will look like, or if you have one. school project that you must complete but do not have time to read you go on the internet. Whether you need to search for a country, president or animal, or find photos, the internet has it all. Even construction projects like plastering a wall near a window or planting buildings in a shed, you can find the direction and supplies you will need and the interent. The computer can even help someone at work like an arctech who can use computers to sketch @ NUM1 of a bilding. Even for storing data like in the doctor's office, they keep you @ CAPS1 on a computer. Or the government keeps @ CAPS1 secret in computers. There is still work such as repairing computers and computers. That is why. I think computers are good for society because without computers without computers the same people want to have a job and everything will be more difficult and be limited to things like fast communication and work instructions.
Dear Diary, the @ CAPS1 generation has grown up with the complex technology called computers. I have learned over the years that I have used them, that they are not as useful as they seem. They can be addictive and create many distractions. First of all. many doctors say computers are causing "the new depression". The Internet is where most of this takes place though. For most teens, having a facebook, myspace, or formspring is not unusual. I know from personal experience that some people abuse these social networks and use them as another way to bully people. So not only are you laughing at yourself in school, but now people can laugh at you in cyberspace. This is the main reason people get socially depressed. There is almost no way out of it and all of their anxiety is really starting to hit them. Computer addiction is also a very negative impact. A lot of people go on the Internet and are so fascinated that this is how they spend their free time. About @ PERCENT1 people say they are addicted. From @ CAPS1's experience using the Internet. I know there is always something that brings you back inside. You know you are addicted when you spend more than an hour a day in front of the computer. Parents always say it's a problem with self-control, but many adults have the same problem. They have just started to be able to use computers, so many times they go through a phase or an addiction. Moreover, this addiction problem would be totally eliminated if we stopped using computers. Finally, computers also create a lot of distractions for students. When the students sit down to type their papers, they too have another one several times at the same time. Therefore, they hardly do any work. Social media only makes it worse. Constantly chatting with someone can make you lose track of time. Also, when you try to multitask with the Internet. As a result, grades either drop or do not complete homework on time. All in all, this is a problem that can be easily avoided by eliminating computers. In conclusion, computers are not helping us. They cause social depression, which causes people to have anxiety issues. They are addictive, which eventually invades people's lives. They create a distraction which makes it difficult to concentrate. I think computers have negative effects and should be completely eliminated!
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1, do you know that every @ NUM1 on @ NUM2 obese children spend @ NUM3 hours or more per day on a computer ? Computer @ MONTH1 be fast and convenient, but why computer our country is one of the most obese countries in the world because of "technology". Computers are bad for humans because they prevent people from enjoying nature, spending quality time with their families, and giving people less time to exercise. First of all, people cannot enjoy nature. As you know, forests are being cut down and pollution is destroying our world. People need to see how beautiful our world is if we are serious about saving it. Second, being on a computer makes you stay indoors. People stay indoors for at least 6 to NUM2 hours a day depending on your job or if you are in school. Finally, @ CAPS2, computers take away time that should be spent with friends or family. The first people will become antisocial. When they are on the computer for a long time, people will forget how to interact with others. With millions of people like this, our society will soon become a choos. @ CAPS2, some people go out of their way, then their @ MONTH1 family leaves them. They will they fall into a depression. Finally, computers are a waste of time, money and effort. It shows why computers are bad. Finally, being on a computer gives you less time to exercise and stay healthy. First of all, people will get fat. With less time to exercise, people cannot burn calories and will become obese. So, without exercise, people's bodies will become more prone to disease and injury. Last but not least, people without healthcare will not be able to pay the medical bills and @ MONTH1 will become homeless. That's why computers are bad.
Dear Journal @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 do you like your kids to stay on the computer all the time? I wouldn't want children or even adults not to spend time with their families, children will not be healthy, and finally they can get addicted to the use of computers and computer language. Please keep reading to hear my ideas. For starters, kids or even adults won't be spending as much time with their families. For example, @ PERCENT2 people will stay on the computer all day and not even worry about their children. I remember when I read on Facebook that the guy was so into a game he was playing that he didn't answer the phone when they told him his son had been hit by a car. Now Newspaper @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, don't you want your son to experience what this man's son has been through ? I do not think so. In addition, children or adults will be in poor health and will not exercise. A study has been shown and @ PERCENT3 of people who use the internet don't exercise or train. on this @ PERCENT3, @ PERCENT4 suffer from obesity. my cousin is still on the computer and the doctor told him to minimize the time you spend on it because he is obedient. He weighs @ NUM1 pounds because he's on the computer all the time. So tell me, journal @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 that you want your children to be quiet. Finally, today's children are " obsessed " with the computer, a computer. @ PERCENT1 people who use computers use computer language at school. And from that @ PERCENT1 put internet on their phone so they could go to myspace, facebook, ect. Now @ CAPS1 Journal, what if @ CAPS2 if you wrote computer language in your article, wouldn't you get fired ? In conclusion, I hope you have taken my letter into consideration. children or adults will be in poor health, children will be too obsessed with the computer and finally they will not spend time with their families.
Dear local newspaper, I believe that computers affect the lives of many people. More and more people get caught up in the amazing things computers can do and forget all about the other more important things in life. People should be exercising and spending time with friends and family, computers don't even teach you much if you really think about it. People don't even realize that computers can take some very important things in life. A priori, people don't exercise as much as they need. In this generation, more children are overweight and obese than any other generation. People are so engrossed in what they're doing on the computer that they forget to exercise every day, or at least every other day. Computers just add to the list of excuses for doing nothing. People are already spending far too much time watching television. It rots your brain, and studies show people are less aware and less connected to the world and the people around them. Computers are the same as TVs, you say you're just gonna be one for a minute and then the next thing you know @ NUM1 hours have already passed. @ MONTH1 computers make your brain work, but they don't make you work and that's what really matters. Even if you were on the computer doing research for a school project, the computer still wouldn't help you. Most people don't have time to run to the library to get the books they need, so they just resort to the computer. This isn't the smartest idea because half of the websites you click or access don't even have the correct information. You can watch it and read it, and while it sounds good to you, that doesn't mean it's fair. Next thing you know, you have an @ CAPS1 or @ CAPS2 on a mission you've been thinking of. Besides getting false information, most people don't even know where to look for the information they are looking for. People just type what they're looking for in the Google search box and hit enter. Then they just click on the first link they see and use the information that's right on the page. Then all these different windows appear and you are far away from where you were. People then give up and start messing around on the computer because they don't want to try to get back to that page. If people just went to the library and did research the old fashioned way, then they would stop to notice all the things in life that they miss. People should focus on their family and friends rather than playing computer games. Sure, you can talk to people on the computer, but you can't relate to them or really see how they're feeling. It's best to invite them over and have fun playing board games or just talking in person for a change. Even if you hang out with your family or friends, you are probably thinking about the computer the whole time they are there, so get out there and do something for a change, some fresh air wouldn't kill you. You should go to an amusement park, go on rides with your cousins, do something that will keep you from thinking about the computer. People don't realize it, but after spending so much time with your family, rather than your computer, you'll actually notice what you've been missing for so long. As you can see, computers aren't helping anyone. It's about either not exercising, getting the wrong information, or spending time with your own family ! It seems to me that having computers around isn't all it's meant to be.
Who @ CAPS5 @ MONTH1 is about @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3, @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5 it's possible, imagine a world @ CAPS7 computers, @ CAPS1 drivers jostle each other and have trouble looking at the steering wheel and the road, the bills phones are through the roof because the whole world has no other way to communicate, and the students are sick at home because they don't have a book to study. Computers affect all of these areas of our life. They teach hand-eye coordination, allow us to communicate with others in dozens of ways, and allow students to learn and stay current from their own homes. Computers must remain a fundamental part of our daily lives. For starters, computers should stay in our community as they even teach young children hand-eye coordination. In a recent report, @ ORGANIZATION2 states that over the past five years ; the number of driving students who pass their first test has almost doubled. Video games, computer mice and even grabbing the brain at a young age to work in sync with the arms, fingers and other ages of the body, "@ CAPS5 isn't just on the road where the hand-eye counts. " said @ PERSON1, head of the surgery department at the hospital @ ORGANIZATION1. "@ CAPS6 finding that young doctors, those who grew up with video and computer games, can train robotic surgery much more accurately than our former assistants." @ CAPS7 the coordination that we acquire from the computer of many jobs @ MONTH1 is also out of reach. Once sake, @ NUM1 on @ NUM2 local business managers said they would have someone who could type, rather than someone who couldn't. So even if you @ MONTH1 think computers don't teach, they can coordinate the rest of a person's life. Second, computers should be a part of homes because they allow people to communicate with the world. In a @ DATE1 poll, only @ PERCENT1 on @ NUM3 years old had them, but a recent poll indicates that @ PERCENT2 now has e-pals. The computer opened up to communicate via email, @ CAPS8, social networking sites, to name a few ! Parenting @ CAPS9 says parents prefer teens to trendy email or @ CAPS8 to talk on the phone because @ CAPS5 calms the home, the phone lines for others, and keeps the phone bill low. My friend only spoke online for a month and her parents are cheering her on because the phone has gone down by a third, @ CAPS5 is clear that even if you @ MONTH1 think computers are taking time that could be spent with others @ CAPS5 is actually a way to communicate with people everywhere. Finally, computers can help students learn. In today's schools, students depend on posting their homework online and getting their books from the web. My brother once didn't bring home his schoolbag for a week and put everything online. We were grateful for the strain on his back. When asked @ PERCENT3 from @ NUM4 levelers say they use eBooks at least twice a week. The Internet is also a valuable research tool. @ NUM5 on @ NUM2 high school students say they use a book for research less than once a month. As you can see, the Internet is a valuable learning tool. In conclusion, computers help as with coordination, communication and education. Computers only have positive effects on people and society as a whole.
A lot of people use computers these days. It allows family and friends to interact with each other, search for places and ideas, and lets you type a document to keep it neat. On the other hand, computer technology prevents people from being active, exploring nature, and speaking in person to family and friends. I want to explain to you what I personally think of computers. I can honestly tell you that I love computers. I spend a lot of time on @ CAPS3 because it allows me to talk to friends that I sometimes can't see. I can even see how my cousin is doing at @ LOCATION1. Computers also help me with my homework. For projects on a topic that I don't fully understand, I can just jump on my laptop, search for what I need, and @ CAPS1 !, I have my information. Then I can type in my report and even pick a few photos to print, you know? The computer is great ! But I can understand the other side of the question. Computers can take a long time. I can admit that I spent hours at a time on the computer. It has become a problem. Experts say people are starting to spend too much time on the computer and less time in the real world. A perfect example is my brother. He loves @ CAPS2. My mom will call him out for dinner and he'll be too wrapped up in what he's doing to skip the meal. His friends will call him and he will fire them until he finishes his game. I agree that people shouldn't be spending so much time on the computer. You've probably read this and thought to yourself. Good? What does she think of it? I can honestly say I was supposed to pick one. But here's the thing. I love my laptop. I'm addicted to @ CAPS3, But, I still play sports, I talk to my family, and I even like to walk through the words or on the beach. I'm neutral, like @ CAPS4 from @ CAPS5. Scientists say computers have a positive effect on people. Some experts say they are concerned that computers are having a negative effect on people. @ PERSON1 says they're both right. Computers are wonderful. They are one of the fastest growing technologies in our world. But we don't need to devote @ CAPS6 of our time to them. Hope you understand my point on this issue.
Dear local newspaper, I agree that technology has a positive effect on people. Just like other electronic devices, computers can help you with hand-eye coordination. In addition, some people, such as teachers, want to remove staff from the boarding school so that their students get to know people and places. Others just want to talk to another family member or a friend in other cities, states, countries or continents. Once you read this letter, you will understand my reasoning. First of all, these technology-enhanced dictionaries help you with hand-eye coordination. Before the computer, people quickly lost their success in writing. They had to take short notes or a short notation like w / or. Nowadays, people write faster and can write full words and sentences. They never understood what they wrote, they put it in complete sentences. When you play computer games, it gives you even more hand-eye coordination, these were just the top three reasons. Second, teachers use computers to do a lot of schoolwork and learn about history and geography. like an online textbook, it can get information about just about anything. It can search when @ PERSON1 was born. When the dinosaurs died out. Have fun what the government is doing now. A computer can also store what you learn. It also has search engines that help you locate information such as @ ORGANIZATION1 or @ ORGANIZATION2. Statistics show that more than @ PERCENT1 of people on earth use a search engine to find something on the computer. On search engines, they have websites, pictures, movies, maps, and more. This is why people use the computer for research. Have you ever felt like you didn't want to walk through @ LOCATION2 just to see your parent. Well I have a solution to your problem. Computers have all kinds of things for other people to fantasize about. The computer mainly uses email. Email is like a letter, but delivered electronically. He also has @ CAPS1. It is also like a letter. If you buy a special camera that connects to your computer, you can talk to them personally. You don't even have to travel to see your loved ones at @ LOCATION1. This is the last reason why computers have such positive effects on people. Most people use computers efficiently. They get hand-eye coordination. In addition, they learn important facts about places and people. In addition, they can talk to other people. See what I mean, computers are a part of it and also a positive part of society.
Dear, @ ORGANIZATION1, do you agree with what I'm trying to say about people who use computers more than exercise ? Well first of all more and more people are using computers but how is that benefiting them. Second, they spend too much time on their computers rather than exercising. Finally, they spend less and less time with their families and are active. First of all, more and more people are using computers, but how does that benefit them. Computers are just addicting technology that makes you lazy and sluggish. Are you having any problems using the @ CAPS6 computer with your family ... @ CAPS11 ! Well, I know that from experience. My mom is always on Facebook and I hate it, guess she likes the computer more than @ CAPS7, would you like your kids to think that about you ? As the days go by her time on the computer increases and @ CAPS1 is sitting there needing @ CAPS6 to do her homework and I think @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 YOU @ CAPS4 "@ CAPS5 @ CAPS6 @ CAPS7 @ CAPS1 @ CAPS9. See I was just thinking this cause @ CAPS3 I said it was a rap for @ CAPS7 but @ CAPS1 was just trying to say that this computer benefited anyone @ CAPS11 Second, I want to inform the paper @ CAPS12 @ CAPS13 is that people spend more time on the computer than exercising. The obesity rate has been higher than it has ever been. I believe to @ PERCENT1 ! COME it's @ CAPS14 ! People come home by @ CAPS15.K and other fast food @ NUM1 go on the computer and eat Over time you get bigger and your appearance changes. You started to look sloppy and nobody wants you. You look back and regret doing what you did. Finally, you go less and less s time with your family. This causes you to distance yourself from your family and your kids to choose bad habits and do the opposite of what you want them to do. This tells @ CAPS7 that the computer is just @ CAPS11 good at all. In conclusion, I explained to you why I don't like computers. They @ CAPS4 '@ CAPS5 bless you. Makes you lazy and keeps you away from your children. So, does the local newspaper @ CAPS13 agree?
Dear Local Newspaper, Some people are starting to believe that computers affect people @ CAPS1 also on this side because some people would stay there all day and be enacted there and want to do nothing all day. First reason computers affect people is because some people would study on them all day. They would stay on from @ NUM1 to @ NUM2 at night on the computer and do so the next day. Another reason why the computer affects people attached to it is because there are all these friends, and when you think about things on the computer, the final reason for the people of the computer is to install a computer. So these are the reasons why some edicts do anything.
Dear local newspaper, I believe that there is nothing wrong with being on the computer. The computer in my mind helps you educate yourself about new technology such as new games to help you learn or new websites. Using the computer also helps you talk to people you know, who may not have spoken in a while, and whose number you do not know. I think having a computer makes you smart because I mean you always do other things besides being on the computer all day, when you're not on it you go out with friends / family or you eat or sleep / work out or just do something like homework. I believe using a computer is one of your healthy choices, and you can lean a lot harder than you really think you can. Using a computer and learning at school can teach you the same. The computer can be very healthy for your hands, because when you are constantly moving, your hands give them more strength and can give you stronger muscles in your hands and forearms. In conclusion, I believe that computers are health because you don't take time to exercise or hang out with friends / family / sports / sleep / or eat. Computers are one hundred percent healthy for you. So I think people should keep using their computers, but make sure that they fit everything else into them every day.
Click, click, click, "@ CAPS1 !" @ CAPS2 no, your computer, what are you going to do now ? Computers have a positive effect on people because they teach you information, allow you to socialize, and you can improve your skills. Without a computer, you would be desperate. Have you ever needed to do a research project, but don't have access to your city's library? No problem, @ CAPS3 you have a computer at home. You can just sit back, type in a few items, and get all the information you need, and more ! You can search for just about anything out of everything because the computer will have it. Maybe you want to learn something new, but there aren't many books on it, and there you go, the computer is your friend. Many people think that computers are only for entertainment, playing games, and having fun in their spare time. What they don't know are all search engines like google, netrekker, @ LOCATION1, etc. All loaded with well-informed information. Some people sit at home and read to get smarter, right ? You can do this with a computer, which would probably be even more entertaining than a boring book of announcements in the library. Have you ever thought to yourself, “ the computer is just a way for people to get away from other people and have time for themselves ? » @ CAPS3 you thought so, you thought badly ! There are many ways to socialize with others through the computer such as email, instant messaging, video chat, etc. There are different ways to communicate with people through the computer. This is amazing technology because even @ CAPS3 someone is in a different country, you can communicate with them with one click. Have you ever heard of social media? The name is self-explanatory. You socialize with people all over the world through a network. For example, these are myspace, facebook, twitter, tumblr, etc. It's a fun way to connect with others like relatives you've never met or who live far away, friends, friends of friends, etc. You can even be really social and meet new people, as long as you are safe. You @ MONTH1 think at this point, that a computer is nothing more than research and socialization. Again, you were thinking wrong. Computers are a good way to improve your skills. For example, your hand-eye coordination. You look at the screen, type your words, look at the screen again, while clicking with your mouse. It really improves your coordination. In addition, the movement of your hand will improve. As you type, your fingers move all around the keyboard, creating muscles in the hand. Not just physical skills, but computers help with research skills. There are some ways to effectively search for information. This can help for future research and for school purposes. Without all of this, wouldn't a person miss something? Computers play a big role in everyone's life, regardless of their age. Computers certainly have a positive effect on people.
Do you have a computer? I bet @ PERCENT2 of you do ! You @ MONTH1 spend @ NUM1 hours on the computer or even @ NUM2 hours ! Computers actually have many drawbacks. You might be so involved that you will never go out or exercise. Also, sitting NUM2 inches away from the computer screen doesn't help your eyes. Finally, the Internet contains some very inappropriate websites that children should not see. Are you a kid going from @ NUM4 to @ NUM2 hours at a time on the computer ? Well, if you are, it's time to get off the spinning computer chair and get outside for some fresh air. Most children spend most of their time on the computer @ CAPS1 or @ CAPS2 or @ CAPS3. It is good for children to interact with out-of-school children @ MONTH1 but some children go too far. They never go aside and get no growths. that's not good for a growing teenager. They must be upright and active. So, limit the time you spend on the computer. Without a doubt, computers are very bad for your eyesight. Unlike @ CAPS4 or video games that you can play from a long distance, a computer is played @ NUM2-7 inches over time, your eyes will be so used to sitting @ NUM2 inches from what you are saying, that when you save yourself eradicated at all. I knew this one who played video games about @ NUM8 feet away for a long time per day. Today, unfortunately, the child is blind if this child knew the consequences of being so close to an @ CAPS4 screen, he would have thought twice. Think twice about how far you are from the computer. if I had to ask any of you what you could find on the internet, @ PERCENT1 of you would say " anything ". Is there really too much information? In fact, it is. You might be looking for a topic and something inappropriate, unrelated to the topic, children don't need it, and shouldn't look or see these inappropriate sites. It's bad for kids, so stop! After reading this essay, I hope you have realized that computers are bad for you in various ways. In fact, it is physically, mentally and socially. So, the next time you're on a computer, don't look at the little things, but the big picture !
Dear local newspaper, I write because I have heard that some people think computers are very useful and some think they are good because people spend a lot of time on them, I think there is good to have because, his ways of keeping in touch with friends, of finding the things that interest you without going to the library to find the book you need. Computers are good to have because they can be online that they don't have a place to enter or if they do. I think it's good to have computers because when you are younger and have no friends anymore you @ MOIS1 have been really for them but you with them. You can email yourself or search online to try and get in touch with them. Also, if your family member is far away and you really can't talk about money on the phone, you can send them a phone message so you can talk without spending the money. I also think this is good because if there is a problem with one getting to the library, you can scan it online. The computer is also available at all times. The computer is good for doing homework that you can't always do. I also think it's good to have a computer if you need something but can't afford it, usually if you go online you can find it and buy it to save money. money, also some they have online is not really a real one. I think it's good to have computers but not to be on them all the time, they are very useful, for friends, for school and for.
Dear local newspaper, I firmly believe that many people do not profit from using computers. There are so many other things people can do besides going to the computer. By using the computer, people exercise less, enjoy nature, and interact with family or friends. By using the computer, people don't get much benefit. As I mentioned, people who use computers too much exercise less. By not exercising it could really affect people's health. According to recent studies by @ ORGANIZATION1, @ PERCENT1 people who use too many computers are overweight. This is an extremely high statistic! By computers affecting the lives of so many people is ridiculous. This number of people really should not be overweight. If these people do not exercise, they could become dependent on the computer. If people get addicted to computers, they @ MONTH1 start doing bad things with the computer. They might post bad stuff, go to silly websites, and watch horrible stuff. The worst is probably looking at bad things. It really has a bad influence on everyone. Finally, if you use the computer too often, it could affect your eyes. If you stare at the computer all day, your eyes @ MONTH1 aren't used to seeing everything else. It is difficult for your eyes to switch from one thing to another. Obviously, being on the computer is bad for your health. Not enjoying nature is also something that people do not take advantage of. As you know @ MONTH1, getting fresh air is good for everyone. It's always nice to smell the nice look of @ DATE1 after you've been in school all day. A lot of people don't because as soon as they get home, it's on the computer. These people are losi a lot of refreshment. I interviewed @ PERSON1 recently, she told me "a lot of people can't see what's going on in the world because of computers". They never take that to look at everything that is going on around them. By keeping up to date. You never know what topic @ MONTH1 is showing up on in school, you could always benefit from a mother nature check. Finally, there are always animals that need help. Have you ever been in a situation where a stray dog needs a home that I have and by helping these animals you save lives. A lot of people don't have this opportunity because they are on the computer. Obviously, there are a lot of people who miss out on the beauty of nature. My last reason is that by being on the computer you are not interacting with your family or friends. In some cases, the person who is addicted to the computer is the parent. If you are a parent, you have to help your family with daily chores. I know they can be boring to do, but you're helping your family and that's all you can do. Plus, if you're a parent with kids, they still need help. Some children are younger and do not know how to find information for a project. But, that's why a parent is there. But, if the parent is on the computer, he is not able to fulfill this requirement. I know my brother is still looking for help because he is younger. Finally, family celebrations and computers do not mix. In my past experience, when the family came, my brother sat in front of the computer without even coming to say "hello" to anyone. I find that extremely rude. I just hope family members won't be offended by this. Obviously, using computers takes time away from the family. In conclusion, people should have limited time on computers. By using computers, people don't exercise enough, enjoy nature, and spend less time with their families. Thanks for reading my review.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 Since electricity was invented, technology has developed at a rapid pace. Computers have gone from the size of a room to twelve-inch flat-panel monitors. In our modern society, computers are essential tools that help organize files, do research, and build a pleasant online network. Computers teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about distant places, and allow people to socialize online. Without computers, wouldn't life be difficult? While we regularly perform our daily computer tasks, we seldom realize that we are writing, which often causes the nerves in the hand to work, causing tendonitis or arthritis ; typing on computers is faster and less harmful to the hands. "Hand-eye coordination helps improve balance and athleticism." said @ PERSON1 the chief orthopedic sergeant of @ ORGANIZATION1. Some people disagree and believe that spending less time on the computer may contribute to lack of physical activity. There are several portable computing devices that can be taken outside to be used while walking like an @ CAPS3. Since I was ten, I dreamed of going to @ LOCATION1. Although I couldn't afford a plane ticket to @ LOCATION1, I was able to use the Internet to take virtual tours of vibrant landscapes and ancient historic sites across the country. With the help of the internet, I was able to see a faraway place and experience the country as if I were there. @ PERSON2, the creator of an online webcom called @ ORGANIZATION2. @ PERSON2 created this computer system to allow people to connect anywhere in the world giving them the ability to see and talk to whomever they choose. I frequently use this program to talk to my sister in college. Through this program, we cannot socialize as if she were at home and learn more about her experience in college.
Dear local newspaper editor, @ CAPS1 did you know that the average person spends three or more hours every day on the computer ? The time spent staring at a blank screen can be spent helping the community, exercising, or just having fun with others. All that precious time is wasted on computers, spending a lot of time on a computer reduces your time with family and friends, causes health problems, and in turn @ MONTH1 has become addicting. First of all, @ MONTH1 computers prevent you from spending time with family and friends. Often times, people come home from work or school to relax, so they seek solace on the web. However, a more relaxing activity might be playing a game with your family or going out with your friends. After all, no one lasts forever and your time with once a day. This precious time is taken away by computer technology, which will outlast any human and does not even provide comfort when someone is down. For example, a teenager would be on the computer and laugh at them. It does not benefit the and the harassment could lead to depression passing away with family or friends, they could probably share a few and make everyone feel good, @ CAPS2, the time spent on the computer is less spent with family and continues. Second, computers can harm your health, eyes, and people with vision problems. typing a lot of time, the need to spend more time on the computer gives you time to learn examples and often temple you if someone finds a website they really like they will visit it often, maybe even several times a day ! Besides websites, @ CAPS3 games and networks are also very popular and addicting. Computer addiction can lead to health problems (as discussed earlier) and withdrawal symptoms when you try to quit. It is very important that people stop spending a lot of time on the computer to ensure that an addiction is avoided before it can even start. In conclusion, computer technology harms the human race and could prevent greater things from happening in the lives of individuals. There is less time to do things with your loved ones, more negative impacts on your growing number of computer junkies due to our modern technology. However, all of this could be avoided if people simply spent less time on the computer.
Dear, @ CAPS1 Computers have positive effects, but the negative effects are much worse than the positive ones. @ CAPS2 bulling happens every day. Not only that, but when there is a computer around the kids, they won't exercise. These machines also damage the eyesight of humans @ CAPS2 bulling is the worst effect of computers. This form of bullying has happened to many and we have lost many. @ CAPS2 bullying happens to @ NUM1 on every @ NUM2 child. @ CAPS2 Bullying is a disease and it must be stopped, children have committed suicide because of it. Not only that, but the children's lives have been threatened and taken by it. Without computers, this disease would be stopped. Childhood obesity is a big problem at @ LOCATION1 and in part because of computers. Children shouldn't be on the computer, they should be outside running with their friends. Computers are an addiction that children cannot break. computers aren't just bad for kids, they're bad for adults too. Computer screens are harmful to the eyes if you look at them for too long. Your eyesight is very important for life. Sight is, most of the time, your most important sense. Now you see why computers do not benefit society. People online are harassed to the extreme. Bright computer screens are harmful to delicate human eyes. Children should exercise outdoors, not at home on the computer. Everyone should permanently unplug their computer and never turn it back on.
Dear Diary, I don't think a computer is bad for you. A computer can help you do a lot of things @ CAPS1 can help you learn, chat with friends, and @ CAPS1 can keep you entertained. A computer can help you be successful in life @ CAPS1 helps you learn a lot of things such as computer engineering. Computer engineering is a job that earns you a lot of money to repair computers. @ CAPS1 is very difficult at first, but when you search @ CAPS1 on search sites, you will find all of your answers. Chat is the first thing children, adults and teens do. @ CAPS1 is good and bad in a way, @ CAPS1 is good because your phone bill won't be that high so you save minutes. @ CAPS1 is bad because @ CAPS1 can ruin your eyes as well, just remember to stay away from the screen. The computer is all about the fun, you have millions of websites you can go to. For fun, for example @ CAPS2.com, @ LOCATION1 and @ CAPS3.com these are the top three I go to, they are so much fun. They have tons of games for kids and for adults too. I have proven that computers aren't bad for you because they can help you learn, they lower your phone bill and it's a lot of fun too. Yes, I know they can waste your time exercising or hurt your eyes, but whatever, set a time limit so that you have time to exercise. Do not get too close to the screen as @ CAPS1 can hurt your eyes.
Dear people, computers are not a very good thing because @ CAPS1 you think about it, you never want to stray away from any chat or social media, you can always find something to do but you are wasting your time on the computer you can do whatever you want, but I think too much is a waste of time. @ CAPS1 you have kids that you wouldn't spend time with you can help your kids with homework eat with them watch tv spend time relaxing but some people like laydys with kids go online and never go down, you have to spend time with your kids so they don't have bad habits so they don't go out too late. You must have time for yourself to clean the house cook food for your husband go out shopping take your kids to the mall just enjoy your life the computer doesn't give us anything, just makes us lazy. @ CAPS1 you are working you have to think about your job maybe hanging out with your friends don't be on the computer for @ NUM1 you can do other things call your friends or go shopping to clean your house the computer don't give us anything it's just waste of time @ CAPS1 your social network ... There's a good thing about computers, you can find whatever you need watch stuff talking to family from afar. @ CAPS1 you use it wisely, that's a good thing, but @ CAPS1 you never log out of facebook or other things, it's not good to stay. You can just go to the beach or hit the gym, you have a lot of things to do besides going online and sitting for hours. Just try not to go in line and go out and go somewhere insted ...
Dear Journal @ CAPS1, I am writing this letter on behalf of all busy people in our country. We have come to the conclusion that we need, not want, but need computers in our life. First, we need them to communicate with other people. Second, we need computers to do research for school and work. Finally, we kids need computers to type in essays, prompts, or papers for each class. Communication is very important in everyday life. For example, I have a grandmother who lives at @ LOCATION1. I only see her once or twice a year in person. Throughout the year I video chat with her through the computer @ CAPS3 because it's much easier than flying there. Without computers to video chat with @ CAPS3 grandma, I have no communication with her once or twice a year. Using a computer for communication is extremely useful as it allows you to do so many things without moving around, such as video chatting. Another reason that computers are a necessity in our life is because research is easier. Nowadays, many children have so much homework and spend on the Internet. For myself, that I. The Internet is a quick way to get research. Plus, the research I found is as accurate as a book in a library. Computers are absolutely necessary when children have a lot of homework and projects to study. Think when the time is right, kids have to type tries and prompts that's unimaginable. Just in the @ DATE1 I had to type in English, an essay and a paragraph fluently. Final note @ CAPS2 I haven't typed it, on a computer. Typing things on the computer is also out of school, all dad @ CAPS3 is typing frequently and he is typing essays for his business as well. A lot of things these days to be perfect have to be written on the computer or you won't get the result you hoped for. In conclusion, computers are modern devices and you are going to have to live with them. Computers provide excellent communication with everyone around or even across the country. In addition, they make research for the school much more efficient. Finally, computers type papers and essays faster. Computers are a necessity for life.
Dear @ CAPS1, people are using too much @ ORGANIZATION1 of their time on the computer. Instead, @ ORGANIZATION1 sees @ ORGANIZATION1 with their own eyes, sees it on videos or in @ CAPS2 on the Internet. It is not natural for people to be Internet fanatics. The Earth is a beautiful planet, it has trees, mountains, seas and humans. We, the makers of the Internet, and the people love it more than the rock they stand on. The planet must be explored, not surfed the web. People should see @ ORGANIZATION1 before all of the natural hand is covered by cities and factories. People use the Internet a lot for projects, for business, for entertainment, for social life! everything @ ORGANIZATION1 this was done with ease even before we could even on a light bulb. Life is a gift and people spend it on artificial life. For example, a game, @ ORGANIZATION1 is one of the most popular @ ORGANIZATION1 addicting games ever made. In this game, you create a character on a middle planet while fighting a monster with other players. Some people think this game is more fun than life (I personally think it is) but it is not their life. It's just a fantasy for people to escape their mindless lives. I am writing this to argue that one day people will understand that this is life. So live it.
Dear local newspaper @ CAPS1, it is true that technology blinds everyone. More and more people are being sucked into electronics and fewer and fewer people care about our planet. There are so many great things that could be endangered. People @ MONTH1 say that if you spend a lot of time on the computer, they might find cures for diseases. These are all lies to stay lazy and waste their life on the computer. What will happen to all the sports in the world. The players will get old and they will retire and if no one takes their place, the matches will be canceled. I am a huge football fan and I don't want it canceled. Some of my friends say that they are addicted to computers and I still hope that they will break this habit because what is going to happen when they get older they will need a @ CAPS2. If they stay addicted they won't want @ CAPS2 and they won't have money, they won't be able to pay their bills and they will lose their home. Why people say they could find cures for problems by looking on the computer, we all know this is not true. They need to learn about themselves first, not just by looking on the computer. They @ MONTH1 don't want to but they should look in the books and think hard before they can find the cures. Hope lifestyles change real fast because things can really go wrong. If we stop this way of life things could get better and our planet @ CAPS3 will stay longer and we could make it a better place.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, I recently heard about the debate about using computers too often or not. Computers can be unhealthy, I think they are generally useful. They offer us many opportunities that would not exist without them. I will describe more of what I mean in the next letter. First of all, I will explain one of the advantages of computers. Studies and school work. Computers can provide the means for people to find things. For students, it's @ MONTH1 something like research for an essay project. For adults, this may be information about starting a business. In both of these cases, computers were used to get information in an easier way than maybe visiting a library, I personally know of a website called @ LOCATION1, where teachers can set up online testing for them. students. It would not be possible without computers. Online computer courses can even be taken, where a student can be taught via the Internet, rather than in person. This can be an advantage for someone who cannot always make it to class. I would also like to mention that computers provide a popular form of communication. E-mail and me @ CAPS3. These methods of communication have become extremely popular recently, and I myself use both. I think for some people it can be bad because it prevents them from interacting with the real world. But in general I think it's useful. It also gives parents and teachers another way to communicate. These are just a few of the many ways that computers are useful. Finally, I would just like to talk about how computers can benefit adults specifically. I know a lot of people pay their bills online. That's because if you think about it, isn't it a chore to have to mail your bills every month? Computers dramatically reduce this hassle. They can also make it easier to buy things you need, find jobs, and more. Without computers, things like finding jobs would require a lot more work than they do with them. These, again, are just a few of the hundreds, if not thousands, of ways that computers are useful. In conclusion, I think I have been very clear. Anything moderate is okay. People who say computers are unhealthy talk about those who use them too much. This is usually not the case. Usually, computers can do a lot more good than harm and can make a person's life a lot easier. They help a lot in education, and even that alone, I think, should be enough to convince you that computers are useful. But like I said, I hope I was clear and I hope you agree with me.
Dear local newspaper, Computers are fairly new, everyone has one, everyone wants one! There are so many good things they can be used for. But do they get used to a lot? As a student and teenager, I know I use mine a lot more than I need to. Sure, they're fun and of course very useful, but they take time. You @ MONTH1 are working or chatting with a friend, but all you do is sit down. Being on the computer takes away a lot of exercise or other activities. I'm certainly not saying stop using your computer altogether, because they are very useful. But why sit on a computer and chat with a friend who lives right down the street, when you could be out and about playing a game of kickball or something fun. It would be a good idea to chat online with friends or family who live far from you, such as in other states. Another time I would say using your computer is when you are doing work, projects, or homework. Or even if your job is to do research. Computers are a great tool to use. But most people take this privilege and go to other websites that have nothing to do with their search. So if you need a computer for school or work, stay focused on your task ! This way you get what you need. If you are a student or have a job which is the current person, it is difficult not to use the computer. There are so many useful things to use it. But that doesn't mean you have to be on it all day and all night. Take about @ NUM1 minutes to an hour out of your day to talk to those people you never see, reach out. So get up and enjoy nature. You don't need more than an hour. I totally agree with the experts that people spend way too much time on their computers. Use it to suit you and to help not prevent yourself from getting on board. Don't abuse the fact that you have Enter-net if you need resherech to do it, stay focused on the task. Remember that an hour a day is more than enough! So get out of your computers and stay in shape!
Dear local newspaper, More and more people are using computers these days. Some people think that computers are an improvement in society. Others worry that people are spending too much time on computers and not enough time exercising and spending time with friends and family. I believe computers can be a bad thing. I think it's because some people spend a lot of time on it, it's one of the main causes of obesity and it interferes with people's social life. According to recent studies, about @ NUM1 people on @ NUM2 spend most of their time on their computers. Many of these people spend their time on online games and socializing sites such as Facebook and myspace. Others spend it shopping or learning. Some of the online games include world of warcraft, rune scope, and many @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 games. Many people who spend most of their time on the computer are or @ MONTH1 have become obese. According to @ PERSON1, spending a lot of time on the computer is one of the main reasons for obesity. Many experts agree that computers are the cause of learning about obesity. between @ DATE1 and @ DATE2, more people used their computers more often. In the meantime, the obesity rate has also increased. Most people who spend a lot of time on the computer don't interact much with their friends and family. It can lead to ruined relationships, loss of friends, and the risk of losing your love with family. Many experts, such as @ PERSON2, say that a person can become depressed if they don't interact with their friends and family. He also says that some of the people who have become depressed start to think about suicide. Spending too much time on the computer is a bad thing would you want to spend too much time on the computer even after hearing the disadvantages ? I think spending too much time on the computer is bad for everyone.
Dear readers, Computers are very present in the world today. Most of the people in @ LOCATION1 have at least one and the number is still growing. These computers are bad for people. They cost a lot of money, cause people to stop exercising and get unhealthy, and teach kids that things get easier in life. Computers are very expensive. Between buying one, buying equipment and protection, and paying for maintenance, they are very expensive. Dr @ PERSON2, a computer expert, says: “ The average computer costs @ MONEY1. Then there is hardware that needs to be purchased and replaced, along with anti-virus programs and other protections. Now we could talk about @ MONEY2 at the very least. With annual maintenance costing around @ MONEY3 per year, you can see how expensive these machines really are. “ In a recent survey, @ CAPS1 in ten computer owners said they had had to maintain their computers in the past three months. That's a lot of things that go towards computer repair. But computers don't. not only cause money problems, there are also health problems.Computers take a lot of time away from people.When a computer is in use, the user does not move around and exercise. Computers make people unhealthy. The obesity numbers in @ LOCATION1 have skyrocketed, but it's not just food. Some experts are now contributing to computer use with lack of exercise and, for example, therefore to obesity. Dr @ DR1 @ CAPS2 says : "@ CAPS3 no matter what you do on a computer, be it games or education, you better get out, move around, to exercise. A recent study shows that @ NUM1 on @ NUM2 families who have bought a computer in the past year have cut their exercise and play time in half. There are health problems created by computers, but they do. also teach the next generation that things happen very easily. Computers are a great source of knowledge, but that could be a problem. It is quite easy to find something or to search for a topic using a computer. Before computers became popular, people had to work and search @ CAPS4. Now that it's so easy, kids @ MONTH1 are starting to think things come easy in life. @ PERSON1, a pediatric psychologist, says, "A child's mind works in such a way that most of the things he encounters are absorbed and become normal. If a child gets used to the ease of looking for something on a computer, he 'll expect all things to be equally simple. If they aren't, @ MONTH1 gets frustrated and can't do what's necessary. " @ NUM3 on @ NUM4 respondents agree that it is quite easy to find @ CAPS4 on the computer. What are we teaching the children of the world ? Life is easy, a false statement. Computer use is a growing problem. It costs ridiculous amounts of money, causes health problems and plagues children's minds making them believe that life is easy. Computers are bad for the people of the world, they take our money, our health and the minds of our children.
Dear Diary, I think computers are good for you because online talking, teaching hand-eye coordination and other things too. One of the reasons @ CAPS9 helps you with your hand-eye coordination, for example, is teaching you what you look like when you type. @ CAPS3 we don't learn hand-eye coordination, we won't know how to do other things than hand-eye coordination @ CAPS9. The second reason why @ CAPS9 @ CAPS1 you have a webcam, you can use @ CAPS1 for example when a family member @ CAPS9 living in a different state, you can see their face and talk to them like you do in person . The last reason @ CAPS9 is searching the web is because @ CAPS3 you want to get the @ CAPS4 ticits for a trip, look online. @ CAPS1 is the best way to get them. researcher says @ NUM1 on @ NUM2 people say being online @ CAPS9 the best way because you can see when the @ CAPS4 takes off, when the next @ CAPS4 also when to get home. Overall, I say computers are a good thing because they help you with hand-eye coordination as well. @ CAPS3 you have a webcam you can see family members from different states and see face and talk to them like you are talking in person. The last thing @ CAPS9 looking the web for tickets @ CAPS4 @ CAPS3 you wanna go somewhere far go online and see when @ CAPS4 and come back because researchers say @ NUM1 on @ NUM2 People say log in for @ CAPS4 @ CAPS9 ticket the best way to get them. Ask yourself if you would like to have the web to search or not ?
I believe people should benefit from nature more than computers. I say this because computers can get addicting sometimes. Addicts will only know things on the Internet. people need exercise. They won't get exercise by sitting in front of a computer all day. Computers are addicting. The people who spend most of their time on the computer are addicts. When they become addicted, they are likely to fail school because they are not doing their homework. Don't you hate it when you feel week and level? Well that's how people who sit in front of computers all day long feel like a lot ! @ CAPS1 people want to stay healthy, so they should exercise daily instead of sitting at a computer all day. A lot of people get angry when they don't know what's going on. Most of the people who do this are the ones who are primarily on computers. I say this because people who are primarily on computers only know things when they are on the computer. This is why I firmly believe that people spend too much time on computers rather than on. This is because firstly computers get addicting secondly people need exercise @ CAPS1 they want to be and stay healthy finally @ CAPS1 people like to know things the only way they will find out is on the computer
Dear local newspaper, I have heard that you decide whether or not computers have a negative or a positive impact on society. In my opinion, I think computers have a very negative impact not only on adults but also on students. Computers in general can be distracting, very dangerous, and give people less time to exercise. Computers in total don't have a bad impact on people. Some people say computers aren't fun, well I say they are. Computers have various websites like @ CAPS1 and @ CAPS2 which can distract people from studying or even doing homework. @ CAPS1 and @ CAPS2 are websites where you can chat with friends and see people's photos. These websites can get very interrupted when you are trying to do something important. For example, I am one of the laziest when it comes to homework or studying. If I had to choose between doing my homework or chatting on @ CAPS1, I would choose @ CAPS1. But if you really think about it, do these websites benefit everyone. Homework and studying can really help you do better and can come in handy in your studies and further in your life. All in all, I think computers are a big distraction. When people go to the computer, they just go on without worrying a bit. They don't know the danger behind it. These dangerous computers contain people called online predators. Online predators sit on computers all day trying to harm others. One particular website that I heard was very dangerous is myspace. This website is even more dangerous than @ CAPS1 or @ CAPS2. Myspace is like @ CAPS1 in a way but very dangerous. For example, my mom told me that a girl friend of hers had a myspace and befriended a guy she didn't know. Of course she wasn't worried because to her he looked like a nice guy so she gave him her number. Fortunately his mother saw him, otherwise something bad would happen. He ended up being an online predator. Finally, the computer can make people unhealthy. People who watch computers all the time may prevent them from exercising. For example, not playing sports such as soccer, volleyball, and tennis. It is very unhealthy for people in our society because they can become obese and unhealthy. This is why computers can prevent you from exercising. In conclusion, computers can have a very negative effect on people. Not exercising can be very distracting, dangerous, and unhealthy. All in all, computers cannot have a negative impact on people.
Dear @ CAPS1, like many other people my age, I love to sit in front of a computer and explore its wonders. But that doesn't mean that I spend my whole life there like everyone else. So I can see what too much computer time can do. It has made kids my age more aggressive, have health issues, and care even less about the environment. More and more children are falling into these traps. Too much computer time can make even the nicest person extremely aggressive. I know from experience that when you disturb people when they are obsessed with their obsession, they will harass you, scream or even start cursing at you, or maybe get violent. If someone stays up late on the computer, the next day can mean they're cranky from lack of sleep. This @ MONTH1 aggression causes others to become aggressive in response, which @ MONTH1 leads to a verbal or physical fight, which (hopefully) no one wants. Another problem that too much computer time can cause, @ CAPS1, is even more health problems. Staying indoors all day will prevent people from getting the necessary amount of vitamin @ CAPS3, a vital and nutritious vitamin that comes from the sun itself. Not getting enough vitamin @ CAPS3 throughout a person's childhood can lead to a condition called @ CAPS5 later in life, which never really goes away and prevents people from doing the things they love. Too much time on the computer also means people don't exercise enough, and with the way we eat now, these two things can add up to make a person obedient. Others who don't want to get enough exercise or eat well and at the same time don't want to become obedient, @ MONTH1 with anorexia. Neither of these weight issues are very good for you, which proves my take on health issues related to too much time on the computer. The problem I'll have you read @ CAPS1, is how people will become even less environmentally conscious. Some of the big tech companies are bypassing environmental protection laws to find cheaper ways to make their products and the point is, no one cares! Nobody cares as long as they get their new and best technology. Everyone will continue to protect these companies to get what they want to satisfy their urge to have more computers. Now, I'm not saying having computer time is bad. I'm just trying to prove that too much is bad for you. That with too much computer time, people can become more aggressive, have health problems, and become even less environmentally conscious. Therefore, I urge you @ CAPS1 to write an article in the newspaper on the effects of too much computer time, to make it known to everyone in town. It could help us build a better future.
@ ORGANIZATION1, @ DATE1, people use computers more often. Some people disagree that computers are good. I think computers are good though. They help you learn more, they are like @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 and when you are bored you can go on the internet. Nowadays, people are getting smarter and smarter. One of the causes is the Internet. The Internet is like a big book. It contains tons of interesting information. There is probably some information on the Internet that no one probably knows until they read it. Plus, the Internet is fast and easy. Plus, the internet keeps you up to date with what's going on in the world. Without internet. We wouldn't be anywhere. Surveys show that @ NUM1 students on @ NUM2 are using the Internet to get information or projects for school. In addition, on the Internet you can buy things that you cannot buy in stores. Going to the library is painful. You have to pay for gasoline and you have to drag yourself out of the house to get in the car and go to the library. What if you don't have a library near you? so what are you going to do you could go on the internet. Plus, with @ CAPS2, people can search for a book all day, not find it, and find out someone else has it. What pain. There are people like the collage people who don't have cars. So how's it going to get to the library? Studies show that @ PERCENT1 from @ CAPS3 do not have cars. When you're bored, what do you do? to eat? sleep? Lying on the floor staring at the ceiling? No. You go to the computer. The internet has all kinds of fun games and websites. It also helps you make new friends. The Internet is also a good way to stay in touch with a close friend or relative. Moreover, if you are a photographer, you can sell and share your photographs online, you can also advertise your business or business. @ NUM3 out @ NUM4 @ CAPS3 do not have a garden or have nothing better to do. I think the internet is great. You can learn all kinds of information without going to a library and you can play games when you are bored. Isn't the internet great?
Dear local newspaper, I think computers are very beneficial to our society. They're great for homework, you can talk to people online, and you can do projects without even leaving your house. First of all, computers help us a lot with homework. Many children are adamant about this, but with the help of a computer, they will be more willing to do it. For example, when I have a difficult science / social studies assignment, I can search for it on the computer. Also, @ CAPS1 I have an upcoming project and I left my textbook at school, I can just study on my computer. Therefore, computers are very useful for homework and study. Second, computers make it easier to communicate with others. For example, talking on the phone costs money, and why would you want money when you could text, chat for free ? Also, many people use email because it is very simple and you can send documents to others. Let's say I had a working paper on annual company profits and needed to pass it on to my boss. No problem, I just sent an email and I don't have to drive. Finally, my last point, computers make it very easy to make plans or connections. I know @ NUM1 people on @ NUM2 love to travel, but you need plane tickets. Just go to the website and do it online. It's fast, easy and secure. Also, @ CAPS1 you needed to make reservations for something like a hotel, you just need to go online, choose a date and when you arrive your room will be ready. I can see how very beneficial this would be for traveling businessmen who might need a room for the night. In conclusion, computers play a huge role in the world as they can help with homework, it's easy to communicate and you can make / bookings without even leaving your house. Best of all, they're fun and easy to use!
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 to this article more and more people are using computers, and people who support technological advancements believe that computers have a positive effect on people. I don't agree with you. I believe computers can ruin your life and make you blind. First, computers can ruin your life though. you stay on it too long. The computer is a small device that can almost do anything on it. The computer can let you find where your friends live, you can play tons of games, etc. I remember that time watching the news from @ NUM1 and a @ NUM2 year old kid passed out playing a computer game for too long. See, I told you they can ruin your life, it only takes a few hours to love the computer. Second, computers can blind you because the computer screen is too close. The computer is designed so that you can do things on it, but unfortunately the screen has been screwed too close so when you need to see something on your computer you literally have to stick your face on top of the screen . I remember one time my dad bought an @ ORGANIZATION1 my dad was on that computer all day and when he got out of it his eyes were bloodshot the next month he got glasses . See, I told you that sticking your face too close to a computer screen can hurt your eyes. In conclusion, the computer can ruin your life and make you blind. The computer is bad for you, so you should stop and think about what I wrote in this persuasive letter.
@ DATE1 @ CAPS1 On @ CAPS2, I believe that computers in today's society have a possible effect on people. I believe so because if people use it for educational purposes to chat, email, or do research, it makes a difference in people's lives. If you use the computer for educational purposes like playing games, you could really learn a lot. For example, I help my sister with her multiplication on a math game we have. Also, I learned to type with type to learn @ CAPS3. on my home desktop. Many other people use it for these reasons as well. They can also use it to type a project or give a presentation. Others might use it just for chat and email. These things can still benefit our society. The use of computers for chatting, such as Facebook, Myspace and Twitter, can also benefit our society today. These websites benefit us because we can meet new people, catch up with old friends or even talk with close friends. also on @ ORGANIZATION2, @ ORGANIZATION1 or @ ORGANIZATION3 we can send e-mails to people instead of sending them instant messages. For example, if you have something very important to tell someone, you might want to write it down via email. If you just want to say hello you can use facebook, myspace or twitter if you have an account. Computers benefit our society today. All of the reasons in my letter support my position on whether or not computers benefit our society.
Dear Editor-in-Chief, I think IT is a win-win for everyone. My number one reason I think computers are good is that if you don't know something and want to learn more, you can just go to the computer and research it. The best part is you can search for anything, even if it's a million miles away. The Internet has information on anything and everything. my second reason is because if you have a webcam and some of your relatives live very far away, you can see them whenever you want. It's not just a webcam, you can also go to Facebook and other sites like this to talk to your family and friends and view photos of each other. my last and final reason is that you can do almost anything on a computer. Their software on them for writing, doing projects, and planning things in October. Additionally, most of modern society uses computers for shops and businesses to keep track of things. Well, that's why I think computers are taking advantage of us. I told you why I thought they did it and how.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3, I agree that the effects of computers on people can be very negative for people, but they should understand what they are doing and what they can get themselves into. Starting with the people who use computers more than they use phones, it affects people sitting at their computers who don't clean their homes and take care of their homes ; but instead, they are on laptops or desktops. Secondly, parents and kids spend most of their time on websites talking with their friends like webcam and aiming, it affects people as they can go on the phone or meet them somewhere. In conclusion, people, but mostly teenagers and a few adults up to the age of @ NUM1 to @ NUM2 like to go to different websites like myspace.com, facebook.com, formspring.com etc. in bad or good situations it can be a horrified effect for those people who do it very often. Some people, mostly teenagers, and this may be because it will always be what she says, which is why people should log out immediately. Most importantly, people need to be aware of themselves or people they might know or might know, knowing that this puts them in negative situations @ MONTH1 at risk.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, I am convinced that children and adults spend too much time in front of the computer. Please consider the following: Computers have a negative effect on people. Additionally, @ PERCENT1 of parents agree with experts that @ CAPS3 spends far too much time on the computer but less time with friends. @ CAPS11 I was little, rarely went on the computer. But now my parents have to consult me to quit the computer several times. Ever since the teens joined @ CAPS7, myspace and twitter, they've been hooked and can't help but go to @ CAPS6 what their friends are posting. Physicologist @ PERSON2 says: "@ CAPS3 who is on the internet several hours a day, can't concentrate at school because he's thinking about what he's going to @ CAPS8 on @ CAPS11 they come home. " @ CAPS4 up, @ CAPS5, @ CAPS6 @ CAPS7, @ CAPS8 at school, come home, @ CAPS6 @ CAPS7. It's the daily life of a teenager at @ DATE1. Second, constantly going on the computer can cause health problems. @ NUM1 % of teens who use the computer all the time have to wear glasses or contact lenses because of excessive computer use. @ CAPS11 I use the computer continuously for several times, I have a terrible headache because my eyes can't take it anymore. "@ CAPS11 @ CAPS3 lay awake on the computer they are on, tired the next morning." @ CAPS12 pediatrician @ PERSON1 and middle school students are by far the most popular internal users as they are mostly very tired and @ CAPS11 at school. People who stay up very late have very dark sagging lines under their eyes, so if you see someone like this, they are a heavy internet user. Most @ CAPS3 that are very pole also never get to @ CAPS8 outside of @ CAPS11 using the internet all the time. Finally, children miss the beauty of nature. @ CAPS3 who do not exercise enough, cannot think clearly because there is no oxygen in their brain. Obesity is starting to take its toll on kids who only sit indoors and @ CAPS5 junk food. Children who @ CAPS8 outdoors and exercise rarely become overweight or obese. @ PERCENT2 of instratford kids almost never @ CAPS8 outside and excersize. Since I was in elementary school, we had recess, but now, in middle school, we never have any. The only chance we have of @ CAPS8 outside in @ DATE3 and @ DATE2 @ CAPS11 it's hot.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS1's review on @ MONTH1 computers either the same as the others or different. I believe computers help our society. They give us more knowledge about any topic we want, it helps us connect to places far away from family and they even give us a better understanding of any place we can't see on our own. . Some people feel that computers distract children and therefore never spend time with their families. But what if one of your family members is halfway around the world? Cousin @ CAPS1 lives at @ LOCATION2 and the only way I can talk to him is through a computer. What if you were a small child and your mother or gone on a business trip far away for a very long time ? You would use a computer to talk to them, right? Not everyone in your home is always around you, and when someone is far away, a computer is the way to connect. Because of computers, children do not exercise. What if your exercise was hiking? In you exercise and can expose the scenery. With a computer, you can explore anywhere without even leaving your door. Say you're just a young kid and are still located to see @ LOCATION1 but you can never go. What would you do? You would hop on a computer and check it out. You can explore any location you want with the click of a button. At school, you learn about very historic people who have been dead for thousands of years. How would you know more about them if they disappeared? A computer has information on everyone you meet. You @ MONTH1 don't exercise, but you broaden your knowledge, do you. Yes, you can go down to a library and take out a book about the person. However, what if the book does not contain the information you are looking for? You might end up reading for hours when some of the information you want wasn't even there. A computer gives you everything you need in seconds. Why waste your time? Our technology is evolving now. Why waste your time on something when you have what you need right at your fingertips? So what are you waiting for? Go learn what you want now! Haven't you seen your cousin for a long time? Start your computer and speak. It is now!
Dear editor of the local newspaper, I think computers are benefiting us in a good way. Whether it is computers helping kids do research for homework, projects and essays or creating online inventory to help grow business. Computers are now a beneficial way of life. We can see what's going on halfway around the world. And learn new things every day. I think people focus on what they think computers are doing to people, but don't really focus on how it helps us in so many ways. One way people say computers affect people is that we don't exercise instead of being strapped to our computers. I doubt computers do this, not everyone likes or wants to exercise. And why would computers stop people from doing that. It's people's choice, the computer doesn't force them to stay in the house. And computers are a great way for you to find your friends and family. It could be chatting online and even sharing photos. And I highly doubt that people stop seeing their families because of computers, it just doesn't make sense. People who are against the computer give people chairs or control them, that's just plain silly. If people stopped to take the time to think ; lucky they see how computers have helped us grow as a nation. And how much they used computers and how it really helped them just to search books for a ton of information. Over the years, I have seen that a ton of things are managed by computers and that a lot of people use them. And it had an impact on our country, in my opinion in a good way. What if there hadn't been computers that knew how a nation would work. And if computers are already having such a positive impact on our country, I can only imagine the years to come as computers get bigger and better. So, as you read, I explained how computers impact our lives. And how I think the coming years will have a bigger and better impact on our lives. Now, I can't force you to be for or against computers, but whatever your opinion, just think of a world without computers, especially if you grew up with them.
The @ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS1 computers are part of our advanced technology. They have a positive effect on people because computers make almost everything easier, they can teach people things with didactic or educational websites and @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3, and they keep people entertained in their free time. Computers are getting more and more advanced every day and that's why I think people are so addicted to them, but they have positive effects. Computers make things much easier for a lot of people. If you really think about it, a lot of the things we use every day like books, beautiful clothes, and music on the radio wouldn't be here without computers. We had to write these books by hand and sew our clothes by hand. As for the music, we would stamp our feet and clap our hands to make music. If the ancient Egyptians had computers they would have built millions of @ CAPS4s. Our computers have programs like Microsoft to help me with important schoolwork. Computers have positive effects in this way. Every day after I finish my homework and go to the computer, most adults think that all we teenagers do on computers is facebook and myspace. Granted, I go to these sites, but if I notice my grades are not in the best condition, I go to sites that can help me figure out what I'm not getting. Ninety percent of the time I do my marks go up and I get a satisfactory mark. I also taught my little cousins how to add and subtract using the computer in kindergarten. Computers help schools teach students. Besides education, computers can also entertain us with games such as virtual solitaire. When I go to the computer, I might need to search for something that interests me. Maybe I might want to know when @ LOCATION1 was invented or, if the universe ever stops. Maybe I don't want to watch @ CAPS5 all day for entertainment. Computers will save me from the mess. When I use a computer, I am not addicted. In fact, it has a very positive effect on me. Yes, I can stay awake countless hours talking to my friends on Facebook, but for me, it's part of being a kid. The next day, I could learn something at school that I want to study further. This is what the computer is for. Without computers we wouldn't have some of the knowledge we have @ CAPS1. Their effect is the most positive effect on people, in my opinion.
Dear readers @ ORGANIZATION1 the local newspaper, I am pretty sure you interact with the computer on a daily basis. You use computers to write, play games, view pictures, and print assignments. There are dozens of @ ORGANIZATION1 that are handy for computers, but nowadays many people, especially children, use computers excessively. This unnecessary use of @ ORGANIZATION1 computers can cause obesity, expose children to appropriate objects and destroy family time. Readers listen to my argument and at the end of @ ORGANIZATION1 the newspaper you will surely agree with me that computers are bad for society. Have you ever done a @ CAPS2 from @ ORGANIZATION2 @ CAPS1 to lose weight? It is not uncommon for such a goal to be set. According to @ ORGANIZATION2, @ PERCENT1 @ ORGANIZATION1 adults make their @ ORGANIZATION2 @ CAPS1's @ CAPS2 to get in shape, stop exercising, or just lose weight. We've all seen the ads on @ CAPS4 that encourage you to “@ CAPS5 @ CAPS6 !” @ CAPS7 you too can "lose weight in just one week" ! There are also many entrepreneurs @ ORGANIZATION1 who want to convince you to buy their exercise product @ CAPS7, you can build amazingly big muscles in "no time". But do all of these exercise plans really work ? According to a study by @ ORGANIZATION1, the main cause of obesity in @ ORGANIZATION1 is actually the computer ! The students of @ LOCATION1 had one group @ ORGANIZATION1 people trying a regular commercial diet and another group @ ORGANIZATION1 people were doing exactly what they were doing ... Except their computers. They found that the group who lost almost @ PERCENT2 more weight through computer use on average than the group on the commercial diet ! Nothing is causing obesity in their @ LOCATION2 computer. A familiar day for the average child at @ LOCATION2 goes as follows : going to school, getting home on the bus, using the computer, having dinner, doing homework, going to bed. Unfortunately this happens @ NUM1 days a week and computer time only takes exercise time. Readers please try to avoid your computers for just a week, and you can forget about those jets. Another negative point about @ ORGANIZATION1 computers is that it affects not only an individual, but possibly a whole family ! Many children can go an entire day without sitting down and not talking to their parents. My friend @ PERSON1 often looks forward to school and will directly use his laptop without even saying hello to his parents. Computers have become almost an addiction for most teenagers. @ PERCENT3 @ ORGANIZATION1 @ LOCATION2 teens say they use computers daily and @ PERCENT4 say they have difficulty communicating with their parents. There is a direct link between the lack of communication @ ORGANIZATION1 at home for adolescents and the use of the computer. Adolescents become in their society life and become at their computers. What they don't notice is that they totally forget about their family! I know I made the @ ORGANIZATION1 mistake by becoming too attached to social media to remember my family, but luckily I have a stable family environment. Some teens don't have that luxury. Computers have the ability to destroy parent-child relationships, don't let that happen to you. Your children are undoubtedly, through, those who are most affected by this technical revolution. From the time they were in, your kids probably had a keyboard handy. However, do parents ever realize what they are getting their kids into when they teach them how to use a computer? Children as young as @ NUM2 or @ NUM3 are exposed to profanity and vulgar images on the web on so-called "safe sides". Do you even realize who your kid is talking to on the computer ? With all the @ CAPS8 and emails going around, you could be talking to a complete stranger without even knowing it. A huge part of @ ORGANIZATION1 that becomes your child and the values that he holds is a product @ ORGANIZATION1 that he was exposed to @ ORGANIZATION1 at a young age. Bring a computer to your kindergarten and you can probably guess what they'll grow up with. No matter how much you think or believe in Computer Safety @ ORGANIZATION1, you can't dispute the fact that the computer exposes children to adult content very early in life. @ CAPS7 do you look at your computer differently @ CAPS6 ? Faced with worries @ ORGANIZATION1 lack @ ORGANIZATION1 exercise, separation @ ORGANIZATION1 families & natural mappriate children do you really want your children, or even you for that matter, to use a computer on a daily basis. Think @ NUM4 years from @ CAPS6. Would you say “ I would like to use my computer ” or “ I would like to spend more time ? " Ultimately, the choice is yours truly.
In my opinion, having a computer is a good thing. Therefore, I think having computers is a good thing because nowadays computers are very useful. Additionally, a lot of people use it for their businesses. My reasons are to research information, do homework, and talk to friends and family online. My first reason is to search for information on the computer. If you have reports to do, it is best to use a computer to search for the information as it will be easier and faster to do. For example, using the Internet will be faster than searching in a book. For this it will take at least @ NUM1 to @ NUM2 minutes for the presenter if you were to look at it in a book, it may take at least @ NUM3 to @ NUM4 minutes. My second reason is that you can talk to your friends and family online like if one of your relatives lives remotely like at @ LOCATION2 then you can talk to them on your phone or cell phone as the bill will be exorbitant. Or if you talk to your friends online, can you ask them a question about homework or what is homework ? Like if you have one who likes @ LOCATION1, you can go online and you can talk to them. My third reason is that you can even do your homework on the computer. If you have a background, you can check out a website for an online book instead of bringing a book to school and home. It will also be easier for you not to have to worry about bringing your story book home. For example, it will take less time using the internet than using a book, it will take like @ NUM5 to @ NUM2 minutes using the computer then using the book for @ NUM5 to @ NUM8 minutes. In my conclusion, the use of a computer is very useful and very important these days. My three reasons are to research information, homework, and to talk to friends and family online. Even though people don't like computers or don't like using them.
Dear Journal @ CAPS1, Even though there are good effects of computers on people, there are also many bad effects. Some of the main negative effects of computers on people are the lack of exercise, you can talk to strangers, and no interaction with family and friends. One of the effects of computers on people is the lack of exercise. One of the most important effects of computers on people is the lack of exercise. Currently, many people at @ LOCATION1 are obese due to poor diet and lack of exercise. One of the problems is that these people don't @ CAPS2 get out of their computers and couch to go out. These people choose to stay indoors and do nothing but watch @ CAPS2.V. and go to the computer. Computers therefore have a significant effect on the way these people live their lives. Another problem with computers is that children talk to strangers. Most of the children of @ LOCATION1 are members of a social network like @ CAPS3 or @ CAPS4. There are people who go to these websites on their computers and pretend to be teenagers. It can cause problems for many kids if they don't pay attention to these websites. Since most of the people access these websites from their computers, this is another bad effect of computers on people. Another bad effect is the lack of interaction with family or friends. When people are on computers, they focus on what's on the computer, not their surroundings. Being on the computer prevents many people from interacting with family and friends. Not interacting with anyone weakens their social skills because they are still on the computer. It can become a serious problem if a person gets too addicted to the computer. This can cause many communication problems within the family, which weakens the family. In conclusion, while there are good effects of computers on people, there are also a lot of bad effects which can cause serious problems. Computers can cause tragedy in the families and / or in the lives of these people.
Dear local newspaper, I heard you think computers have an effect on people. Do I disagree with what you are saying. I think the computer will help us learn and do things faster. Having computers helps the community to learn more. My first reason, I think we should keep the computers because it helps people coordinate for jobs. With the typing skills you can work in places like @ LOCATION1 town where they type every day and work hard. They are also learning more and more facts about sociatis. Without knowing how to type @ MONTH1, you are not getting top notch jobs. My second reason that computers are useful to us is that they help your kids do better in school by learning to type for high school and learning math, science, social studies, and the arts. language. Computers also help toddlers do math and character math, like dora, @ ORGANIZATION1, elmo, and others. So, learning on computer can help you learn and have fun at the same time. What I know your parents would like. Even newborn babies can learn to read, write, and do math and grow up and can someday be president. My third reason is that it helps send things all over the world. Without computers, we would have to do it the old fashioned way. Plus, with computers, you can talk to family members who live far away (in the state or country) and haven't seen them for a long time. Or you can chat with old school friends from days gone by. You can also buy something on the computer. In my conclusion, I told you that computers cannot affect people by telling you that your child can learn better and parents too. I also add that it helps you find a job and helps you with your hand and eye coordination in school and away. So the computer helps the community.
Do you think computers benefit us? I think they do. There are many ways that computers work and don't benefit us, are used a lot more than they don't. Like children in school, use textbooks online. Plus, many companies have websites so we can see what it is before we choose them for the job. We also use computers to find directions to where we want to go so we don't get lost. School kids benefit a lot from computers as they would have to take tons of books home with them, but instead they just go to the computer to get the book online instead of taking home @ NUM1 really heavy books . I know I like going on the computer better than bringing really heavy books home. Plus, when looking for a decorator, all you need to do is go to the computer and search for websites to see some of the work they've done. It helps a lot because you don't have to figure out the hard way that the decorator isn't good and end up spending a lot of money on a room you don't like. Also, if you are looking for a job, you can go to the website on the computer and use them to see if you can get an interview rather than losing your nature in going there. I also use the computer to find ways to get somewhere and it is much easier to do that than it is to start driving and get lost. I know they have GPS now, but they cost a lot more than some on a computer that you can figure out. I still think that computers benefit us in many ways. Like using an online textbook instead of taking your huge textbooks home. Using computers to search for websites or to find addresses is also much easier with computers. That's why I think computers benefit us.
Dear newstimes, I really think computers are a good thing because they allow you to talk to people online, they have the means or do things for other people, and people have to manage a lot of money and hills on the computer. First they let you connect with other people, did you know that @ PERCENT1 people in US have family in a different state, and never see them, well that's when the computers are useful because computers have something called vidio chat and this is where if you have a webcam you can talk to people from different places of the world because you can see each other both at through the camera there is also a thing called @ CAPS1 and that allows you to talk to people anytime you want if they are online, my mom has a @ CAPS1 and now she is chatting that she doesn't seen from high school and she is very happy to see her old friends again. secondly, the computers are away from people, like if you have an emergency you can go to the computer and back it up. For example if you have an email you can send an email then if you have an emergency there is even an item on the computer that can call someone or even call in an emergency. . @ PERCENT2 people from @ LOCATION1 say that a computer has many people thinking this from a computer. Third, computers help people pay their bills and with their money. Did you know that @ PERCENT3 people in USA pay their bills on the computer and manage their money on the computer. I know my parents do and I know a lot of other people who do, and if we didn't pay our bills we wouldn't be able to have a house or whatever and that's pretty much near needed computers because if you didn't have if you didn't have them people wouldn't have money. In conclusion, people really need computers because people love the people they know and they've helped a lot of people in the US and lastly computers really help you manage money and bills, and everyone should have a computer for all of these very good reasons.
@ ORGANIZATION1, @ PERCENT1 of the world say that computers are a great way to interact with people, learn more about forgotten people and places, and also learn where your family is from. So here I am going to educate you on the good reasons why computers should stay in our society. How do you meet people from different countries? One way is to interact with different people all over the world. I say this because the internet has a lot of advantages in meeting people. One way is to create a certain account where you can meet target people or a different account. Another way is to go to a website where you can correspond with someone from a different place in the world. The last way is to download something where they can send instant messages to people all over the world. Do you have a plan to discover another country or another explorer? Well, you can use the computer to find out more about the place or the person. I say this because it will help us in all the work we do for the school. Computers also help you with schoolwork by helping you with homework. I say this because with nobody at home when nobody there when you come home from school who will help you with your homework, you can use a website that helps you understand the material better. Do you know where your family is from? One way to find out where your family is from is to use a website to find out where your family is from. For example, @ LOCATION1 is a useful website for finding out who they really are in life, if they are fighting in a war. You can find it all on the computer. Another way is to ask your parents for someone's name and type their name on google.com. There are many reasons why we should keep computers, but here are a few, interacting with people, discovering other places and knowing family. Hope you understand better.
Dear local newspaper, computers are a huge thing these days. Almost everyone has one that they use. But why do some people think it hurts our society. It's not just because you need it for education, people aren't there all day and doing a job. So how can these things be harmful to society. Your right, they can't. Each person has had some type of education. But how can you have an education without a computer. If you are working and need another degree for your job. You can't go there during the day, so you can find a school that offers online education, overnight. That way you don't miss work and you keep going to school. Another reason is that it is a school project or an essay. You might need the computer to find items for a project. Or name your wizards. What if you need to type a try, what do you do then. No computers, no education and you will go and work at @ CAPS1 or something like that. Where you don't need education. But people aren't there all day, so what does it do to the company. Nothing at all. Children and adults alike go out and have fun. They go to the computer to check their e-mail, play games, look at facebooks / myspaces. But they have enough responsibility to get out and get some fresh air. And if they sit next to it, that's not your problem because it's their life and they want to live it their way. Not like everyone wants. They can make choices for themselves and don't need others to make them for them. So this really shouldn't affect you at all. What if you needed the Internet at work. Most office workers have a computer for talking to others via email or for solving problems. The people who work around need the computer to access your account in order to get your money. People who estimate the cost of a building need it to add something or keep a record. Video games are a perfect example of this because programmers use a computer to program what you want to do with the game and it takes hours. So how are computers harmful to society because I still can't see it. Education, people don't work all day, and a job are very good reasons why computers should be accepted. So everyone, I strongly encourage you to reconsider what could happen without computers.
Let's go back about @ NUM1 years ago. These were days when it could take weeks to communicate with a family out of state. Days when knowledge was only found in books, and often slowly. It was days when everything was done with a lack of speed and precision. Computers change all of that. With nothing but the touch of a finger, we can communicate with people around the world, or browse the web for known information. @ PERCENT1 of family members of persons living outside their condition. I can understand, with cousins @ NUM2 in LOCATION2 and @ @ @ NUM2 in LOCATION1. Without those instant messages and emails, we would more than likely talk to them once, maybe twice a year! Some people say that computers make people spend less time interacting with family and friends. For me personally, and I know many others, interaction would be impossible without these modern textbooks. With all the @ LOCATION1 tech out there. Nothing surprises me more than the webcam. You, with this tool, can talk face to face with someone halfway around the world! The world is a better place when we can have a real connection with other cultures, and what could be better than talking to them. What folks @ NUM4 years old would never have thought possible, we can use it anytime, and yet a lot of people don't like it. My @ CAPS1 and my @ CAPS2 have both used the internet to find old college buddies or see how far away friends are. They are adults who use the tools available to improve their lives. The internet goes beyond teens at @ CAPS3 and @ CAPS4. What you can find online always surprises me. The information that you might get from non-functional @ NUM2 books, you can find in turn on the Internet. Any question, including personal, anything can be answered. Years ago people would have killed for this power, so the common man could access whatever he needed. I see the point people make about needing to exercise and they are right. But in five minutes on the web, you could have planned an exercise routine, featuring modern styles and techniques. The computer has everything for everyone. Looking for a place to enjoy nature & @ ORGANIZATION1 her. Within seconds, there will be thousands of thousands of results. Missing a dictionary? There are literally hundreds of sites to find a definition online. People take these machines for granted and assume we could live without them, but I doubt they realize how much we really need them. The technology is there. Why not use it? I could never turn down an opportunity to talk to a distant cousin or other child from another country. I couldn't pass up a chance to check out some old buddies who have moved. Thanks to computers, I have this opportunity. I am so lucky. I was shown an open door to find out anything I could possibly want. Man cannot know everything. But these days, he can find out everything. I don't know if the computer has changed the direction of the advancement of technology, but I can tell you that it definitely offered the course.
@ CITY1 @ CAPS1: I believe computers (for now) are good for our society. They allow you to see the places. If you have a long distance relationship you can talk to them and they have a lot of good excess. What if you were looking for a new home? You can use Google to search for homes for sale in a certain location. Then find someone to move your stuff for a fair price. Computers have many websites that you can go to when looking for that special place. The computer is also handy when you go on vacation. You can check the weather forecast for this period. If you go somewhere you can use the computer to find an airplane. Computers are useful when it comes to places ! The excesses on the computer are endless. Gambling is a big excess that people love to do. Games are great for getting your mind moving. Virtually all notes require hand-eye coordination. For example, @ ORGANIZATION1. You must remove all the tiles before the time runs out ! If you are bored, the games are great fun. I think the games are a big excess. Some people have long distance relationships, don't they? Now, if you have a computer, you can have one online. It relieves a lot of people when they know you're not there. If you have an email, you can talk to your friends who you don't see at school. It gives you a chance to connect with them. Myspace and Facebook are very similar. This is what you can use to talk to your friends at school. Computers are very useful. As you can see, I have given many good reasons. Excess, " talking " to people. Also, the places. Many people use computers in their everyday life. Computers are awesome ! "
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS1 opinion on the effects of computers on people, is that computers are used for the wrong reasons. Teens should be outdoors playing sports or spending time with friends and family. But instead, they're addicted to the World Wide Web and games and websites all throughout it. Therefore, the computer and the concept of web surfing is bad because it consumes a lot of children and because from an educational point of view computers can give wrong information. Until the end of @ DATE1, @ ORGANIZATION3 laptops and @ CAPS2 desktops did not exist in @ CAPS1's opinion, that would have been better. For example. children, adolescents and even adults use computers more than they should these days. At this age, middle and high school students should focus on their grades and their. But instead, they get too addicted to @ CAPS3, @ CAPS4, and @ CAPS5 that they forget about their schoolwork and priorities, and their grades start dropping. Even sudlts have this problem. For example, business people, accountants and assistants will constantly check their emails. In addition, people who work at a desk or in a doctor's office all day are almost always on the computer. In other words, I think jobs should reduce the number of workers they have on a computer, and family homes should reduce the time each member spends online. Another reason I think computers affect people in a negative way is because, from an educational point of view, computers can give out false information. For example, people could post their own take on an idea on websites such as wikipedia and @ ORGANIZATION2. If a student was doing a project or just homework and decided to surf the web for @ ORGANIZATION2 or information, they don't know if their information is correct. I believe that means the internet and the web don't beat books or history. In conclusion, computers have a detrimental effect on people because they consume the minds of children and adolescents, people use the internet too much and because, from an educational point of view, computers can sometimes give out false information.
I think computers are amazing. Computers are an amazing way to eat new polish online.
Dear journal @ CAPS1 I think computers have both a positive and a negative effect on people. On the one hand, you can learn about the places without having to go there and get information about what is in that context, like food, products and jobs. On the other hand, the computer can also be a problem as children can spend a lot of time chatting or playing on the computer and not enough time going out to play or go to sports training, but sometimes too much time to go out and play. bad things happen when talking to people on the computer. Some people on the computer don't always know what they are saying. So if I had to pick a side whether the computer was useful or not, I wouldn't. The computer is not very useful because a lot of bad things can happen due to a little @ NUM1 error on the computer, like putting your name, address or choice on the computer.
Dear @ CAPS1, I @ CAPS2 that computers have benefits for society. First, it gives you and teaches you social skills. Then, computers can help you learn new things online. Finally, computers also teach you hand-eye coordination. In the following, you will see why I @ CAPS2 computers have advantages for society. First, computers have social benefits because they can teach you or give you the social skills you need. On a computer, you can interact with other people around the world and make new friends. Hence, you can learn more about their culture and what they are doing in their country. Also, you can talk and interact with the family who are not living with you or who are not with you at the moment. As you can see, computer science has its advantages as it can teach you social skills. Then the benefit to society is that people can learn things online. for example, you can learn to use a computer if you don't already know how. Also, you can play online learning games for free or buy an @ CAPS3 with more learning options. Another example is that you can search for recent or past events that you want to know about and search for them. As you can see, computers benefit society because you can learn all kinds of things online. Finally, computers explain its advantages because they teach you hand-eye coordination. for example, you can find all types of games using eye-hand coordination using mouse and keyboard. Moreover, if you just want time, you can use the computer for entertainment by chatting with others and playing games. Believe it or not, you can find a lot of jobs that use a computer for any of these as you can also see that computers have their advantages as they teach you hand-eye coordination and provide you with entertainment. in your free time. In conclusion, computers have their benefits for the social community. First, it helps you learn your social skills. Then you can learn any topic online for free if you are not paying the internet bill, it benefits you by teaching you hand-eye coordination. So as you can see I @ CAPS2 that computers benefit society in so many ways.
Dear Diary, Computers are nothing to worry about. They help many people in different ways like @ CAPS1, teachers, students, scientists and locals in their work and daily life. Hasn't a computer already helped you today? For this reason, computers help us learn, keep in touch with people and are our future. Who said that by using computers you don't interact with your family as much? Well, I can tell you that I keep in touch with my grandmother, my cousins and my aunts through my emails. With the email you can check the news or just write to your friends and family! Also, if you are planning a trip to visit your loving family members, don't bother with a card that pops in your face all the time and you ' get ' lost in your tracks, try going on @ ORGANIZATION1 maps and plan the shortest route to your destination without getting lost along the way. Computers can do more than just create a map, they can give you valuable information! Many schools across the country are using computers to help teach children. Kids can search for @ LOCATION1 and in @ NUM1 seconds they have all the information they need ! In most school papers, you need to type in and list the websites you used to complete the paper. What's also good is that you don't have to flip through huge books for a little information. It is much easier, by searching for it on the computer. Speaking of not using big books for information, computers don't use paper and will lead us to a healthier future ! Millions of tons of paper land in landfills every day! By using computers we could read online and save paper! Another fantastic fact is that computers are going to develop in the future. people have already created touchscreen computers and computers will still grow! Many people think that using computers is a bad thing, but look at the facts! Doesn't journal write journal to computers? If they didn't, they would have hand cramps all the time! And what about the doctors who do not have your medical history on the computer, otherwise all those papers would be lost ! Like at the start, computers help us learn, keep in touch with people and are our future.
Typing and surfing the Web @ MONTH1 is exciting ; However, is it worth the @ CAPS1 risks that there are now ? Before computers were discovered, human health was triple what it is today. Computers can be useful and @ MONTH1 has some advantages ; however, they are harmful and should not be used as often. They have unprofessional websites, they are not exercise useful, and they disrupt the privacy of individuals @ CAPS1. The @ CAPS1 kids are allowed to access computers every day and they wonder @ ORGANIZATION1 about the websites the internet has to offer. As a result, kids end up on inappropriate websites that they are not meant to be on. In fact, @ PERCENT1 @ ORGANIZATION1 children access non-professional websites and @ PERCENT2 @ ORGANIZATION1 them have no parental view in @ LOCATION1 alone. Therefore, the children of @ CAPS1 are taking action at home and at school. However, children are not the only ones to suffer from it. Computers have a downside @ ORGANIZATION1 being hacked or infected from uncensored websites. In addition, computers crash or cannot use @ ORGANIZATION1's computer documents because @ ORGANIZATION1 these viruses. Since @ ORGANIZATION2 was invented, obesity and the lack of exercise @ ORGANIZATION1 in a person's schedule has skyrocketed. A scientist, named @ PERSON1 of @ ORGANIZATION1, said : "Computer users @ CAPS1 have lost the use of their muscles, but they have gained more fat @ MONEY1 @ ORGANIZATION1, which makes a lot @ ORGANIZATION1 unable to hem to do activities that they did before. " I believe this is certainly true because I remember the same thing happened to my sister. She ate more and her exercise time was spent more on the computer than on her body. I know @ CAPS1 says computers help with hand eye coordination, however, is it really worth more than someone's healthy body? @ CAPS1 things are sold on the internet that are not in stores, but you don't trust the internet when you buy these products. You don't trust the internet because you've heard so much about someone's identity or the money that has been taken from them.
Dear local newspaper, Computers harm children and they will affect generations @ CAPS1 even more. Computers are fine in moderation, like most things. If they are needed for a school project, that is fine, but using the computer every day rather than exercising is not acceptable. Supporters of technology say computers have a positive effect. I must disagree. They say they practice hand-eye coordination, can teach you about remote places, and you can talk to people online. Sports are a great way to exercise and practice hand-eye coordination. Tennis, baseball, basketball, hockey, etc. are all great sports that practice hand-eye coordination. They are much healthier than I.Ming your friends all day long. You sit on your butt all day yelling at your mom to bring you a glass of water or dinner. "The @ CAPS1 generations are becoming much more dependent." said @ PERSON1, my teacher @ NUM1 grade @ CAPS2. How are you supposed to be able to support a family when you're older if you can't get up from the computer. “@ CAPS3 a family is hard work,” my mom tells me, “your family needs food which means someone needs a job and someone needs food too. a lot of time and energy. " I agree with my mom, and if simple things like going out for an hour a day are practiced as a child, having a job and @ CAPS3 a family will be easier. Rather than searching the Internet for a house to find a good online source to support your thesis, go to the library ! The Internet is a really new database. However, he has grown so much. You can't always trust internet sources. The people who @ MONTH1 posted the website could very well be crazy. Plus, websites are full of viruses, and what happens when your computer has died from viruses and you actually need your computer for a school project? The simple alternative would be to go to the local library and consult a variety of books. The books are reliable and full of information. The Internet is not a very secure place either. Facebook, goal, email, twitter, etc. are all ways for people to communicate through the computer. Facebook, Goal and Twitter are scary and dangerous because @ MONTH1 you don't know who you are talking to. They have a profile that @ MONTH1 can relate to, but they might be lying. “The Internet is a huge space open to strangers, ” says my father. I am not allowed to have these means of communication for the specific reasons I indicated earlier. My parents are doing this to protect me and I agree with their decision. Rather than talking to complete strangers, go to your friends' house. Your friends are the people you want to talk to and hang out with. Overall, computers are bizarre pieces of technology that can be dangerous, not true, and force children to become more dependent on adults. I disagree with proponents of technology. There are many healthy alternatives to the computer. I believe experts fear that people are spending too much time on the computer and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. The alternatives I mentioned earlier not only protect people, but they also practice a healthier lifestyle. It is important to keep your body healthy because at the end of the day that is everyone's goal.
Dear local newspaper, I believe that computers benefit society. The three reasons are that computers teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway places and allow people to talk to other people on their own, and computers help create better technology. I believe computers have a positive effect on people. My number one reason why computers have a positive effect on people is because computers teach hand-eye coordination, give people the opportunity to learn from faraway places. @ NUM1 students on @ NUM2 use computers for homework. I was visiting a invite last week. I didn't know much about @ LOCATION1 so I'm on computers and you know what more i learned about @ LOCATION1 and things on computers i got an A +. Computers therefore have a positive effect on people. The next reason that computers have a positive effect on people is that computers allow people to talk online with other people. Say if a man wants one and he leaves his phone at home, how is he going to explain to his family why he has computers, he can talk to his family online. My family is back at @ LOCATION1 Haven't seen them in four years so I want to store them and get a wedcan and I can see my family after four years. Computers therefore have a positive effect on people. My last reason computers have advantages in society is because computers help make better technology. Computers help people make a better car, better light, etc. Without computers, society is because computers help soldiers win wars and even make a living. My father died without a computer my father would die thanks to the computer that I have father today. Ultimately, the computer has advantages in society, the three reasons are that computers teach hand-eye coordination, give people the opportunity to learn from distant places, and computers allow people to speak in online with other people and computers help people to make better technology. Spending time enjoying nature is a good thing that computers are better for society. I hope my three reasons can persuade the local newspaper to agree with my position that the computer has a positive effect on people.
Student @ ORGANIZATION2: @ PERSON1 @ CAPS1: @ NUM1 @ CAPS2: @ NUM2 @ CAPS3 @ ORGANIZATION2: @ ORGANIZATION2: @ ORGANIZATION1: @ LOCATION1 @ CAPS4: @ NUM3 @ CAPS5 @ ORGANIZATION2: @ CAPS6 @ CAPS7 from @ CAPS8 @ CAPS9 @ LOCATION1 diary, I think we should have computers because I would help us meet new people, discover new places and learn new things. It would help us meet new people because we can email them and chat with them about the programs. It will also help us to see new places because we can go on the internet. And look up see. It will also help us learn new things because we can talk to people and they might give us ideas on what to learn. It will help all of us because we want to learn new things, talk to new people, and experience new places. it's a good idea for all of us. We can all benefit from it because it is a good thing for everyone to have. I think we should have computers because it would help us meet new people, see new places and learn new things. It's a good thing for everyone. Not just some people. I hope you will take this letter into consideration. Because it will help everyone learn new things.
I think computers are bad because people use them all the time to go to facebook and other websites which is a waste of time sometimes. People shouldn't be using the computer so much and exploring the outdoors and going for walks, exploring the woods, exercising, most people don't get much of the exercise they need because there is has computers. People have been shown to stop making computers so that fewer people use them and people can exercise more and lose weight. If people stopped making computers, some would stop going to bad websites. People should only use the computer to research projects or to do homework such as typing papers. Parents and children need to exercise to stay healthy because people don't want to die when they are young. All computer deos confuse your brain so that you don't exercise. So get out of computer exercise, explore the outdoors, take walks and explore the woods, you never know what you will find in the woods. Go see what you can find. There will be some interesting things that you find like different types of bugs and bugs. You might even find a ladybug. There are all kinds of different bees and you might find one that looks like something. So go out and explore, you will never know what you will find. Go for a walk, you will never know what you will find and different types of houses and colors of the house, different types of front doors, different types of houses like small, medium and large. Some houses will have different colors. The different types of animals like dogs and cats that are in the window or outside. You should get outside. You should go outside with your family, friends or both and look at the different things in nature. Done, you can talk about pictures and make an album from the pictures. Go into the woods and wake up. Go out and exercise and you would think I should go out and exercise more afften instead of being on the computer because I have more fun with my friends and family and exercise. exercise at the same time instead of being on the computer. Besides, the computer was getting boring.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1's opinion on the effects of computers on people is that computers have a good effect. It is good for exercise of the mind and communication around the world. This could @ CAPS2 be bad as it will prevent you from exercising, being with your family, and being in good health. But I still think there are ways to use computers without the bad cause. Some reasons that computers are good for you is that you can get a better education when you have websites with so much information. Sometimes this information is wrong, but if you find the websites, you can get the information about the rite. With all of this information, you have exercised your mind to do better in life. You can @ CAPS2 talk to people on the other side of the earth and get more information from them. If I had to say that computers are bad for you I would say it keeps you from getting enough of them or maybe any exercise. Computers @ MONTH1 is the reason there are so many obese people in @ LOCATION1 @ CAPS2 when computers use too many people who are family and enter different fantasy worlds which sometimes get you addicted. And staying too long on the computer causes problems. You can injure yourself by sitting for a long time at a time. Being on the computer for too long can @ CAPS2 cause eye problems where you will start to lose your sight and need glasses which will get thicker if you keep staring at the computer screen for hours and days. But even though computers cause so many problems, we can avoid them by using the computer to help us. People don't exercise enough, but with the help of computers they can @ CAPS2 find times and ways to exercise so that they can stay healthy. They can @ CAPS2 find information on how long to spend on the computer to keep their eyesight or worse. Some people live far from their families, so computers really help them stay in touch and be able to see each other. In conclusion, I think computers are more beneficial than harmful because they give you a lot of information for everything and you can communicate with people all over the world. And computers can help you avoid those things that are bad for you by showing you ways to use the computer that won't hurt you.
Dear Diary, I heard you are discussing whether more and more people using computers are of benefit to society. I believe @ CAPS4 is having a negative effect on people. They have the opportunity to interact with people who are not safe, they spend less time exercising, and they have more problems than before. Spending more time online in chat rooms brings people to encounter predators. Take my friend @ PERSON5, she was online one day when a man started talking to her. She thought he sounded okay when he said he was @ NUM1 and a model. She flirted with him over and over again, day in and day out until one day her friend logged in and found out that the man was really @ NUM2 and a pervert. @ PERSON5 @ CAPS1 the only one this has happened to @ NUM3 on @ NUM4 people in chat rooms say they've been lied to like that. Website designer @ PERSON2 said, “ More and more people every day fall into the trap of lying about @ CAPS5 and find themselves in sticky situations, like being asked to meet the person. " @ CAPS1 the saying" @ CAPS2 talking to strangers ? " Spending all of your time sitting on the computer means less time outside of exercise. At the triputs, this girl @ PERSON4 was not fit enough to stay awake with the players. Instead of training us like the rest of us, she was at home chatting on Facebook. She wasn't prepared when @ CAPS4 came along, it's time to show off what you had so she wasn't on the softball team. The following year, she was named captain because she trained every day before the big day. She is not the only one to have a problem with laziness. @ NUM5 on every @ NUM6 Americans are couch potatoes and choose to go online rather than keep fit. Nutritionist @ PERSON1 says, “This generation is worse than the last. They complain when they can't do something, but that's because instead of going out they're on their bum watching @ CAPS3 or line." @ CAPS4 is a breath of fresh air, what have you got to lose ? Children seem to have a lot more problems online than they've ever had on the streets. They post threats, make fun of each other, send personal messages or photos to each other, and even worse, sometimes hurt someone to the point of committing suicide for a year. The neighbor was more popular than this lady's daughter, so she created this person online that the neighbor fell in love with. The "guy" online started ransacking the teenager so badly that she ended up hanging himself. People including singer @ ORGANIZATION1 have been caught sexting. @ CAPS4 is embarrassing, inappropriate and against the law, but @ CAPS4 always happens. These people are not alone. @ NUM3 on @ NUM4 people had big problems through the @ CAPS5. Governor, @ PERSON3 says, "@ CAPS5 and phones are destroying this society. There is too much drama in real life already." @ CAPS6 can't you see something wrong with all of this ? My take on @ CAPS4 all is that we should use computers less before we start interacting with people who will scare us, turn into couch potatoes, and get into big trouble. @ CAPS4 is definitely not worth being afraid, hurt, lazy, or killing yourself.
Dear Diary, Computers are everywhere in our country. We have them at home, at @ ORGANIZATION1 or at our work. Many people think that computers are bad for our health or that we don't spend enough time with our families. But I do not agree. Computers teach hand-eye coordination, allow us to discover faraway places, and also allow us to chat with other people online. Have you ever had hand eye coordination issues? Sometimes mine is ridiculous! But when I'm on a computer, it gets a lot better. Experts say that @ PERCENT1 more people with hand-eye coordination have improved while working with a computer. A teacher from @ ORGANIZATION1 said : "The students at @ CAPS1 have been working on computers for about two months now and I have already seen an incredible improvement in their hand-eye coordination." I also agree with these experts. Nowadays, so many people who have a computer have passed their hand-eye coordination test ! When I grow up and get out of the highs soon @ ORGANIZATION1 I want to travel all over the world. But first, I want to be educated on where I'm going. This is why computers are so useful. I can just click a button and the internet will take me to hundreds of sites where I can find out all about the places I want to visit. @ CAPS2 hour @ CAPS1 Parents told me we were going to @ LOCATION1 for the day. So the day before I did a bunch of research on different stores, museums and places to eat. The computer has helped me so much that if we didn't have @ CAPS2, I don't know where I would go. President @ PERSON1 said : "@ CAPS2 when I had a big meeting at @ LOCATION3 I had no knowledge of it. So I logged into the computer and it took me to a million pages about their culture, language and more. I don't know what I would do if I didn't have a computer. " I love talking to friends about @ CAPS1. But once I'm home, none of @ CAPS1's friends are around, so I don't have anyone to talk to. If I don't have the phone available either, the situation is even worse. But, if I go to the computer, I can talk to a group of friends @ CAPS1. I can go to the webcam @ CAPS1 to see who I'm talking to or I can go to another website to receive an instant message. I love talking online because my best friends from @ CAPS1 around the world have switched to @ LOCATION2 so I can't talk to him too much. But if I go to the instant messaging site, I can talk to it as much as I want. @ NUM1 people on @ NUM2 have sold in a poll that they have someone they talk to on the internet. So I say the computer is important in our society. It helps to accomplish a number of tasks. They teach hand-eye coordination, give people the chance to learn about faraway places, and even allow people to talk to friends and family online. So I don't think computers are bad for us or for our health. I think they are important and necessary.
Dear, editor-in-chief of @ ORGANIZATION1. I believe computers are good for the future. The world has made many changes with their technology. I know that not spending time exercising is bad, but learning new things can't be so bad. If humans didn't have the technology, some of us wouldn't have heat or fresh water. We use computers in life. Computers are good for people who use them to find out more about the world. Some people who have distant friends can use a computer to talk to them. Or even people who cannot speak use computers to speak for them. @ ORGANIZATION2 uses computers to save lives. Computers save lives in so many ways that it's scary to think that if they were all gone, we could all start dying. We use computers in hospitals if there weren't any, the chances of finding a cure for something would take too long and the person could die. Let's say someone has what looks like a normal fever and you just say that's what they have. Two days later they died because they had an illness and no one knew it was too late. We use computers to purify water. We use computers to keep us warm during the winter. We even use computers in libraries why the library. Some people with health issues who can't speak have these little computers that something can be typed on and they would say it. Most people use a computer for talking, chatting, and texting. They might find it easier with a computer. The world is big and a lot of people don't know much about it. But if you go online, you might find things that @ MONTH1 never knew existed and that you just didn't know about. Children even use computers for school and schoolwork. So many people rely on technology to run their lives. Computers even help people in school for people like me who have broken their arms and have to take tests on the computer. Like me. Now so much in the Army, Air Force and @ ORGANIZATION3 is computerized. The military uses thermal sights on guns and tanks so they can identify people even in the craziest weather conditions. He might even locate a wounded soldier. He even works with computers to make a better bulletproof vest so that there are more lives saved in the war. The Air Force uses computers to talk to people on the ground so they can protect them. They now have planes that can be flown by a distant man and it would save their lives even if they were shot down. It also allows them to see people hiding and they could tell people in the field to lie down or whatever. The @ ORGANIZATION3 uses radar to see if there are any ships or submarines approaching them and they are warned if there is an attack. We are using it to help other advancements in the future, we may soon have a computer that could help people in remote places, like where the poverty rate is higher. Computers save lives, enable communication, and are a good means of research. Computers are what we use to live, we need them to survive.
Some " experts " are warned that people should be spending too much time on their computers. Still, look at all the benefits of a computer. You can develop better hand-eye coordination skills, the internet with friends / family who might live hundreds of miles away, and you can learn about cultures around the world, as well as the people who live there. country, without ever leaving home. In my opinion, computers benefit society as a whole, helping us to learn more and more every day. First of all, there are many skills that you can develop on the computer. For example, when playing high-paced interactive games, children get a feel for awareness time and hand-eye coordination. Not to mention that with new technological advancements, people can now go to college without ever leaving home, and at a much lower cost, while still enjoying a great education. Many people even work from home, using their computers. These are again just a few of the many skills that can be learned on the computer. Second, why buy a ticket to a far away country which is quite expensive, exchange all your money for the money they have there, go through the hassle of baggage, etc. When you could just go online and search for it on the computer? You can go online, search for recipes, languages, pictures, people from this country without having to worry about getting there. Not to mention, for those kids who are not old enough for @ LOCATION1, or need to report on it, instead of going through countless textbooks, newspapers, libraries in general, they go online, @ CAPS1 their country , and they have must, if not all, the information they need out there. So not only would you get the information, but you would have learned it in the first place, thus expanding your knowledge. Finally, the Internet helps people connect. Prominent experts from @ CAPS2.SA, or Family Safety Agency, claim that since people started using programs like @ ORGANIZATION1 and Facebook, many more families, who live in different countries, have been able to reconnect and know one. -another one. For example, if you have an uncle who lives at @ LOCATION1, you can both buy cameras for your computer, set them up, and within minutes, see / talk to each other face to face. I think it's better than just writing letters to them because it's faster and you can connect more. The same is true if you or a friend move house, but want to keep in touch. A quick facebook account or @ ORGANIZATION1, and you will always be good friends. So overall yes computers benefit society as they help teach people skills, learn about distant cultures / countries and connect people who might live in different countries. I see nothing wrong with these beneficial factors for society. So yes, computers have a positive effect on people.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 a world filled with gargantuan people sitting in front of a monitor, their eyes staring blankly at him. Outside of town the streets are deserted except for the squirrels running along the fence posts. This is what will happen if people spend too much time on computers. People will spend less time exercising, less time outdoors enjoying nature, and less time interacting with family and friends. This is why computers have such a drastic negative effect on people. First of all, people spend a lot of time on their computers and little time exercising. In a recent poll by @ ORGANIZATION3 magazine, he said that @ PERCENT1 of @ NUM1 and @ NUM2 seniors prefer to be online rather than outside of exercise. This article also states that since @ DATE3 childhood obesity has increased by @ PERCENT2 ! @ PERSON2 from @ ORGANIZATION1 at @ ORGANIZATION4 says, “The reason childhood obesity has increased so much is that kids are spending so much time in front of the computer and less time outdoors. Would you like this rate to increase in the next ten years? Second, spending so much time indoors decreases the time you spend outdoors enjoying nature. Bird Watches Monthly saw a drop in subscriptions on @ DATE1 as people no longer care about nature. In a study by @ PERSON1 and colleagues from @ ORGANIZATION2, @ CAPS2 from @ CAPS3 spent near @ PERCENT3 more time indoors in front of electronic devices, most often computers, than outdoors. @ PERSON3 says: "@ CAPS4 with new technological advancements, people need to spend more time indoors than outdoors and this percentage will most likely increase over the decade." Finally, spending so much time in front of the computer leaves you less time to interact with family and friends. As of @ DATE4, more of the @ PERCENT4 in the family have dined together now, only @ PERCENT5 usually eat together because they are in separate rooms in front of a monitor. It also leads to a higher crime rate, believe it or not. Because young children and adolescents do not have the right person to support and guide them as they do not spend time together @ CAPS4 with frequent computer use, there is @ PERCENT6 a chance that the child will commit a crime against @ PERCENT7 chance that a child will do so at @ DATE5. Do you want this for our youth? Now @ CAPS1 a world where people run in the park together, as they run they see a group of bird watchers huddling under a tree. As the joggers move forward, they arrive at a lodge and see a large family celebrating a family member's @ DATE2. This happy thought will not become a reality if people spend too much time on their computers and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and less time interacting with family and friends. So, local newspaper I encourage you, to encourage others, to get out and spend less time in front of the computer. You have the power to make a difference in your real life. But the question is, do you want to?
Dear journal @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 Although computers have many advantages, they also have many disadvantages. I believe that computers and technology these days have a lot more negative characteristics than positive ones. Some of the faults are that it is bad for your eyes, that you don't spend as much time with your family and that you exercise, and that the habit of going out is less often used. Yes, I understand that computers are very useful, but they also kill eyesight. If you have not noticed that more and more children have glasses and contacts, because of the use of watching a @ CAPS2 screen day. I know more than @ NUM1 kids who have glasses now, I also know that more @ NUM2 parents that I know now have glasses for the exact same reason. Using these computers is great for finding your work from home, but if you stay there for more than an hour or @ NUM3 a day, you will likely become addicted to it and eventually lose your sight. The usual time a child spends on his laptop per night is around @ NUM3 or @ NUM5 hours and his time with his family is around an hour if the parent is lucky. Personally, I think technology is the reason parents and kids are less connected. @ CAPS2 kids go to the computer go to @ CAPS3 or @ CAPS4 and talk to friends they see everyday so I can't find their friend especially girls but why not just talk to them at school since you see them for @ NUM6 hours everyday. The use of technology is abused! computers were invented for knowledge and not for scandalous "webchats" or "@ CAPS4 pages". The world would be so much happier and mentally fit if we stick to the original idea of technology. Now kids don't even take a quick step out of their room after school anymore, that's no use ! Most people even eat in their bedrooms so they can talk to people. It is therefore taking the time of parents away from their children. Now that you've read what I had to say about technology these days, wouldn't you agree that it takes time away from your real life ? I think so and I hope you agree with me.
Dear @ CAPS1 journal, I believe the computer is good for society because @ CAPS2 and students do most of their education online. We spend most of our time with our family and friends, so we want some time for ourselves. We learn a lot more about the computer because it contains a lot of facts. After reading this essay, I hope you will agree with my position. @ CAPS2 students put most of their notes on a laptop and study what they did in class on the computer. @ CAPS6, they have to find something for history lessons, they have internet. High @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 don't like going to the library, so they go to the internet as a source. So @ CAPS6 a student has a due project and the teacher wants it neat, the computer will write the project clean. The computer / Internet has become a great source of learning for our society, hasn't it? Our time most of the time is spent with our families @ CAPS7 not our friends have come. Go outside and play with them, sit down and play games. Our families, we have so little time for ourselves, the computer won't hurt anyone. We are not forever friends or looking for something useful @ CAPS5 we talked to our families @ CAPS6 we go online looking for what they couldn't get. People's countries to see @ CAPS7 enough to visit @ CAPS7, they want this country they need an up-to-date resource. A computer is constantly updated with new facts about everything. I hope after reading this you will agree with my position. Almost everyone has a computer and it doesn't affect their life much. A computer is a great resource for the public. People want to meet new people, so they use a computer to do it. Students therefore want a good grade on this project, so they want to present it. I think agreeing with you is a very good choice.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3, @ CAPS4, you know that @ PERCENT1 people are using the computer today for necessary reasons ? @ CAPS5 is true ! @ CAPS5 is a fact, the computer can help you keep in touch with your friends, get the latest news and even give you access to the map. Let me tell you some important facts about the computer. Of course, we all have friends in different cities and / or states! Instead of overcharging a phone bill, many people stay in touch through email. Email is high tech and super easy ! All you need is your friends' email addresses and you can send them anything from a friendly hello to @ CAPS1 photos of family. Teens love to chat with friends and they can get to know each other better through the computer. Sites like Facebook are certainly popular with this generation of teenagers. Funny posts are what makes everything so great. Keep in mind all the available ways to connect with friends and see why the computer is so great. Every time I log into the computer I can see the latest updates! I remember seeing something popping up about my favorite band breaking up. Thanks to the computer, I was able to read everything on @ CAPS5 and was extremely happy to have seen this, because if I hadn't, I wouldn't have been able to see their last concert. While I understand that the @ MONTH1 computer is not the healthiest thing to do, @ CAPS5 is definitely a great source of news and everyone reads the news, whether @ CAPS5 is political or about celebrities. Equally important is knowing what is happening in our country right now and exercising. Therefore, I would be the first to support the computer as a positive effect on people today. Have you ever been lost? Maybe you didn't write the right instructions or remember them. Next time, book your route on the computer ! @ CAPS5 is so helpful and could really save you a hassle. There are so many websites that have maps you can print out, like map quest. @ CAPS5 is a much easier and clearer way of figuring out exactly where you need to go. In my opinion, @ CAPS5 can help a lot and @ CAPS5 would be a good idea to go cheer @ CAPS5 today. Imagine all the places you could go just by getting a map online! Keep this in mind as one of the many advantages of the computer. Now that you know some good things about the computer, remember how they could help you ! Being able to chat with friends is one of the best! Remember to hear the latest news, and lastly, never get lost again, just print a card. There is no doubt in my mind that the computer has a very positive effect on everyone! Now is the time to go out and grab a computer for yourself!
Dear Diary, I think computers are good for many things and useful for everything. I believe this because every year new and exciting @ CAPS1 and websites are created that make life easier. For example, "@ CAPS2" is a way to communicate with your friends and family. For me, I have family out of state and am happy when I go to @ CAPS2 and talk to them. Or I can also talk to friends after a long day at school. Another example is "youtube". On youtube They have videos that show you step by step instructions on anything, even music news and entertainment. Other words similar to @ CAPS1 help you prepare for @ CAPS4 essays and stories. On powerpoint, it allows you to make video slideshows for school projects to presentations. Even Excel allows you to create charts and every graph imaginable. And let's not forget @ ORGANIZATION1. @ ORGANIZATION1 helps you when you need information about a person, place or thing. And using @ ORGANIZATION1 it helps you when you need information for other words like @ CAPS1 and more. You see, computers help ordinary people in their day to day life.
The question is, do computers have a positive effect on society? Yes, computers definitely have a positive effect on society. Computers teach hand-eye coordination, give people the opportunity to learn more about people and places far away, and allow people to talk to other people online. Computers have a positive effect on people. First, computers teach people hand-eye coordination. I mean, computers help people learn to use their eyes and their hands at the same time. A survey conducted by @ PERSON3 shows that @ NUM1 people on @ NUM2 have better hand-eye coordination when using computers than they do. Professor @ PERSON1 says "people who use computers are much more coordinated than any other person, that's a great discovery." You @ MONTH1 think the computer would make you less coordinated BUT, computers really help hand-eye coordination in people. In conclusion, the more you learn to use a computer, the better your hand-eye coordination will be. Second, computers allow people to learn about distant places and people. I mean a computer can help you find out more about a distant @ CAPS3 without paying a fortune to go to @ CAPS3. I remember the time @ CAPS4 my mom and dad would go to @ CAPS1 to see a lot of landmarks and my uncle came to my house with a brand new computer and my parents ended up staying home and a large number of operations are spared. money. Famous explorer @ CAPS2 smome says "before I go anywhere I always look for it on my computer to find out more about life, climate etc on @ CAPS3. I know you @ MONTH1 are thinking that it would be a better experience to go to @ CAPS3, but it is very expensive to go to very far away countries. In conclusion, the computer can help you save money and learn. Third, computers allow people to talk to other people online. I mean, people go to special websites just to talk to friends. A survey by @ ORGANIZATION1. Shows that @ PERCENT1 people talk to others people on these websites. aAmous social worker @ PERSON2 says "@ CAPS4 people use these websites, it helps them with their vocabulary and social skills." I know you @ MOIS1 think these websites are dangerous, viris software may prevent the danger.In conclusion, the capacities so Computers are on the rise. Finally, computers teach people in faraway places, aid social skills, and learn hand-eye coordination. Computers can help society y and learn so help grow technology today !!!
Dear Diary, The world we live in today is full of technology. Everything from control islands at the grocery store to home coffee makers is constantly being improved. Tech has a lot of good things about it, but there's a huge downfall as well. The most common technological device is the computer, which is a good thing to have, but it is also very bad. The computer can be used to intimidate, it can take a long time to exercise, and it even takes your social and grammar skills. We all know the sites like facebook, myspace and @ CAPS1. They seem harmless but it really is just a place for harassment. They are said to keep their friends in touch, but kids use them to say hurtful things about each other. Half of the kids in my eighth grade class admitted to being bullied or bullied on the computer. If so many children are injured, why do we all continue to use computers ? Lots of kids @ MONTH1 say they don't spend too much time on their computers, but @ NUM1 on @ NUM2 kids in my school admit they do. Checking the computer is the first thing they do when they come home from school and the last thing they do before going to sleep at night. All the time these children spend on the computer prevents them from exercising and enjoying life as a child. I have seen many children gain excess weight because they don't eat the right food, exercise, and stray from reality because they are obsessed. through their computers. kids even get laptops, that's how addicted they are. Do you want your kids to like it? However, all of those programs and websites that are on computers have a way to interact with friends and socialize. But it all takes away your social skills, even grammar. Most children and teens prefer to speak on the Internet rather than face to face, and half the time they don't even spell the words correctly or use the correct grammar. In the long run, all of this talking about computers is going to hurt them when it comes to going to school and finding a job. I know computers are good for school because you can research things for projects and email your work. But the time spent, the bullied children, and the current lack of social skills are not worth it. We need to reduce our society's use of computers because it will help us all when it really matters. Just ask yourself if you want your kids to be bullied ? Do you want to gain weight? Do you want to lose your social and grammar skills ? Just ask yourself these questions and you might change your mind.
Computers do not have a negative effect on society. In fact, when you chat with someone online, @ CAPS1 helps build relationships within that person. One use of the computer that is also full is hand-eye coordination. Education is also a useful thing that you can use with computers. You can learn about distant places and monuments. The myth is that computers ruin friends and family relationships, however, in some ways @ CAPS1 makes them better, when you go on Skype you are talking with someone online. By doing this, you are actually improving the bone between you and that person. This information proves that computers can actually handle relationships. Hand-eye coordination is also something useful that a computer learns as you type on the keyboard, your fingers improve on Reflectel. If you keep typing, your hand-eye coordination will improve. Some people might say that a computer won't help you much @ CAPS1 is really possible to use @ CAPS1. A computer is more educational than most people think. On some websites, you may see something that can teach you. If you go to a historian's websites, someone might learn about different types of people. Many reviewers say that a computer is not educational. However, when you look at the facts, a computer can teach you a lot. @ CAPS1 It's easy to believe that a computer is not a good thing. But when someone looks at the facts A computer is a great thing to own. If critics take these facts into consideration, a computer is a better item than most people say.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, I think computers can be a good thing and a bed for many reasons. First of all, I think it's good because it can help with schoolwork like doing research and other things you might have to do for school. A second reason why computers are useful is because they teach hand-eye coordination. It can also allow people to talk to a family member from another country through a webcam. All of their computers can be very useful, they can also be bad for your health and your family. I agree that it can give less time to exercise, instead of being on the computer you can go to the park or take a walk and many other things and then bring the computer all the way. the day. It can also disrupt your interactions with your family and friends if you are staying in the house all the time using the computers and your family and friends want to spend time with you and your just on the motorhome. @ ORGANIZATION1 @ ORGANIZATION1 @ ORGANIZATION1 journal where I think computers can be a good thing and a thing in bed. I mostly think computers are a good thing because if we didn't have computers we wouldn't have most of the things we have in the world now if there weren't for computers. That's why I think computers can be more useful depending on how you use it and how often you use it. These were the opinions I had on computers.
The computers they give you @ CAPS1 and search from a distance from you. But is it good for you? Those who support technological advancements believe that computers have a positive effect on people. I believe they @ MONTH1 are correct. I believe that a computer can be used by discovering things at great distances, it can also give hand-eye coordination, also I think it is okay to use a computer if you only use it for research or other necessary action. When using a computer, it gives you the advantage of finding and studying remote places. This is good because some people are interested in places around the world. Also, @ CAPS2 needs computers these days, their teachers give typed homework or PowerPoint presentations. Also, parents who use computers for work or maybe to get away from work to take a vacation they need have it booked in one way or another. Also, some say that using a computer can give you hand-eye coordination. Well, it does when you type. Some @ MONTH1 don't know that hut typing is a skill, some people type fast, some slow, and some are average typists. Also, to teach small children maybe even some adults, people have created a computer typing game that will teach children to type. Also, some people who type really fast will take a test to see how fast they type the test gives numbers like seventy words per minute. People naturally type around 30 words per minute. I believe that people should be able to use computers for necessary actions such as research. Many children have heard of these other websites such as Facebook, I tunes, YouTube, and Twitter. Some get addicted so they never get away with it. Plus, being on all of these websites and more, try to give yourself stuff. that I give you a virus. Viruses can have many strengths, some can crash your computer, some just send tons of pop-ups to your monitor. I think its ok to go to the computer for some research or vacation bok. If you are addicted to other websites then stop because you will crash your computer with just one mouse click. Overall, I believe computers are a great source of information, but they shouldn't be addicted to what's called a toy. The computer has a positive effect on people. Don't get addicted and get outside ... and exercise with your friends and family too.
Dear Local Newspaper, Local Newspaper Do you think the computer is a good technology in our generation today? Well, I don't think that's good technology in our generation. Do not mistake yourself. I don't like going on the computer, there are so many reasons computers affect a lot of kids and some adults in this generation. One of the reasons is that when people are on the computer all day, they don't exercise enough. This is why children these days are so overweight that there are over @ NUM1 million children who are overweight because of the computer. As for me, I loved going on the computer and I still do, I see that the computer is destroying my health. A second reason why I believe this is bad for the generation because there are a lot of inappropriate sites on the internet where kids who are @ NUM2 and under could log on. I think people all over the world should start enjoying nature, traveling the world. Start doing things people can't do on the computer. I think more children should start taking an interest in their family and friends more often. to talk to your friend all the time. My last and final reason why something big is happening in the computer is people bullying other people on the internet, would local newspapers have it if you have daughters, sons, little ones? -children. If they were harassed on the internet or worried about killing or harming them. I think you would horribly want this person to go to jail. For now, I'm going to think when I spend all my time on the computer how this affects my life and my family, my friends. I believe other people around the world should be doing the same.
You spend too much time on the computer, your mom and dad are doing fine. You understand it's time to get down and out. You spend about @ PERCENT1 more or less on the computer every day, but @ CAPS1 for good reason. You can multitask on it, you can talk to friends and family that you haven't seen or talked to in forever, and finally, you can spend time outdoors as well as at inside. @ CAPS5 you were smart you wouldn't listen to these experts Have you ever heard of the word multitasking ? This is where you can do more than one thing at a time, for example @ CAPS1 you read and talk in the car, or text and talk, or walk and read something. You have all of these things that you have in co-ownership. Another example is when you are on the computer you can listen to music and talk to friends or read. What you can even do is talk to your friends, listen to music, and do your homework. What I mean when I say homework is when you have to type an easy one or something. The fourth and final example is that about @ PERCENT2 of us can multitask @ CAPS2 of my friends told me they just bought a laptop with a built-in camera, @ NUM1 now they can talk to people they haven't seen for a long time. "Haven't seen my sister since she moved to California @ NUM2 years ago, so I thought I would use the @ CAPS3 on my laptop to see her." @ CAPS4 a mother of @ ORGANIZATION1. A computer or laptop can be useful @ CAPS1 for talking to friends or family you haven't seen for a long time. Another from a student said "@ CAPS5 you were smart, and now you would understand why everyone is so much on the computer". When you're on the computer and your friends start talking to you about things that you understand why, you usually don't see your friends unless it's lunch or before class. Computers make talking to friends easier than writing letters or waiting @ CAPS1 calss to go out. You get off the bus and realize that the weather is nice outside. You decide to do some or all of your homework now so you can get out and play. You are out @ CAPS1 for about a few hours. When you come home it is around @ NUM2: 00 pm. You have dinner and you just want to relax after the gigantic adventure of the day, then you go to the computer. You can also use the computer like wild animals outdoors. Only responsible children plan their time accordingly. conclusion, it is important that you now that the computers are running smoothly @ CAPS1 multi-tasking, that you talk to friends and family that you haven't seen in a long time, and that you can both go out and stay home. inside, now is the time to call, @ CAPS5 you were smart you wouldn't listen to those experts.
Computers today are very different from computers then. They help you with your projects or homework, but many experts worry that people are spending too much time on their computers. I think there are a number of ways that computers help people, like teaching hand-eye coordination. They are useful because people can talk to friends and family that they haven't seen in a long time, and computer skills are needed in the real world. Hand-eye coordination is very important, and using a computer can help people improve their coordination. This helps because if one has to type a report of @ NUM1 pages, then one with good hand-eye coordination, or typing skills, "can complete a report in about @ NUM2 minutes. poor hand-eye coordination, well this @ NUM2 minute report will take about a few hours. No one likes sitting in front of a computer for a few hours. Everyone has friends and best friends they talk to every day , but what if that friend moves - out of town, out of state, or maybe out of country ? They may be forgotten or never be seen again. , thanks to technology and advancements in computers, people can chat online on @ CAPS1, @ ORGANIZATION1, myspace or facebook, discover things, see what's new and even see published photos of them. The same can apply to family members who have moved. end, having computer skills is very, very, very important in the real world . Qualified people who have a good knowledge of the computer world can get great jobs as a computer programmer for the state, or they can set up websites for their own work. Other jobs that people with computer experience may have would be as Film or Show Editor @ CAPS2. It's a lot of money there. No wonder schools have computer lessons. It is a question of bringing the students to have a good knowledge of computers. Computers aren't that bad. They teach hand-eye coordination, allow people to talk to other people online, and can get them good jobs. Many educated people would agree that computers do not have a positive effect on people.
Dear Leader of the Local Newspaper, I have heard the strange misconception that computers are ruining our society. For my part, I think it is a terribly done thought. For starters, the Internet (which comes with most home desktops) can teach us a lot about the world around us. Also, contacting other people around the world, as well as having a whole fun world to explore, makes computers more enjoyable. Finally, thousands of jobs around the world are based on or operate with computers. For this reason, computers are, without a doubt, beneficial to society. The first reason I need to make it clear is that the computer contains tons of information that cannot be found anywhere else. While books need to be republished as updates occur around the world, anything on the internet can be updated almost instantly, which is beneficial for students with school plans for subjects like @ CAPS1, then people could actually go to school through online schools and colleges. While regular colleges can cost around thousands of dollars to enter, online colleges are pretty cheap, affordable for everyone. In addition, due to the large amount of information online, schools seem to be becoming obsolete, as computers usually contain all the information obtained in a typical school year. For this reason, computers are definitely beneficial to society. To build on it, the internet provided with computers can bring great pleasure to those who use it wisely. Due to the growing population of computer users, companies tend to manufacture computer shoes, which generally attract thousands of viewers every day. It also makes television obsolete. Another important thing is that the software comes out for the computer almost every day, allowing users to do a lot of things. The software typically includes games, movies, and music. Finally, since keeping in touch with others is a good thing, chatting with others across the world is very easy and long-lasting, allowing distant relatives to get in touch with you through various chat programs. For this reason, computers can bring great pleasure to the users and hence are beneficial for the society. Finally, due to the growing demand for computers, businesses generally rely on computers for their jobs. As the internet population grows, companies allow people to fill out applications and send resumes in order to apply for a job in said company. In addition, some jobs can only be done online or using a computer. Many jobs these days, usually banking, rely on using the internet most of the time, and some are actually internet based. Because of this, workers can easily finish the job in one place, instead of having to move around and go to a boring-looking building to do boring work. Because of this, why does no one else see why computers are good for society? With all of these reasons, I hope you see why computers are good for society. Education has become much easier thanks to the Internet. If education is not what you are looking for then you can use the internet for fun when you are bored. Finally, jobs can be completed even more easily and make workers more responsible. So, leader of the newspaper, do you and everyone else really think that computers are a waste of life's time?
Dear @ CAPS1 from @ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS2 has been a debate about whether modern IT activities are good or bad for people. Some people believe it benefits society because computers can teach hand-eye coordination, they can help people learn about faraway places, and allow people to interact with friends. All of this seems to prove that computers are good for society, but it really isn't. People who use their computers too much can have bad side effects, including obesity, red eyes, and even cyberbullying. People use computers to such an extent that it is bad for their health. The number one problem with @ LOCATION1 is obesity. It seems that people are getting fatter by the day. Computers are definitely part of the problem. People spend too much time on their computers and spend less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. These people spend hours and hours in front of an increasingly heavy computer every day. They start to eat up their feelings because of their loneliness. This process continues until the person in question can barely get up from their chair. Obesity is not the only problem affecting their health, their eyes are damaged as well. It is evident that more and more people are having trouble with @ CAPS2 eyes every day. Computers make this possible. When a person is only on the computer for an hour, it damages their eyes tremendously. The computer screen tires their eyes horribly and for people who are on the computer, @ NUM1 - @ DATE1 hours a day pretty much blinds their eyes. When I go to the computer for only @ NUM2 minutes my eyes start to cry. It is a devastating result of using a computer too much. Computers are bad for people's health and @ CAPS2 should be something about it. Although computers not only damage people's health, they also ruin people's lives. Bullying has been a major problem in @ LOCATION1 for many years. The kids were bullied all day at school and always had a horrible time. But when they returned home, they could be comforted by their family and friends. Computers recently included a system where you can video chat with friends or @ ORGANIZATION2. It can be a wonderful thing unless it is used in the wrong way. As I pointed out before kids were bullied in school, but when they got home they were able to leave this horrible life behind and be a normal kid. No more. This new @ ORGANIZATION2, video chat, @ CAPS4, etc. brought hapless bullied students a one-way ticket to be cyberbullied. I heard of a case where a student was cyberbullied to such an extent that she committed suicide on the internet to show how depressed she was. Computers made this event possible. Video chat, @ CAPS3, @ CAPS4, etc. gives bullies a chance to depress their prey to the point of seeing them as suicidal. I can understand why you would contradict my point, but I sincerely hope that you will be able to understand why this is so important. Obesity, eye strain, and cyberbullying should be enough proof in my mind that computers are bad to get you to write an article about these horrible machines. They cause a variety of problems in health, mind, etc. people. I really hope you will consider writing this article.
You must be crazy! Computers are very important to society. My first reason is that computers can be used for research. Second, can be done. Finally, you can talk and video chat. These are my three reasons why computers are important to society. If you want to know more, send. First, computers can be used for research. For example, what if your boss was looking for spinach products? All you have to do is go to www.google.com and search for it ! Is it easy. What if you need to research @ ORGANIZATION1 for school ? Instead of reading books about him, you can type his name, and there's your information. In @ CAPS1 @ NUM1 on @ NUM2 children / adults use the computer for research. This is my first reason. Second, purchases can be made. What if you wanted to buy a plane ticket for @ LOCATION1 to help ? You can go to the computer and purchase a ticket at your convenience. You can order all types of products you need at @ LOCATION1. Or that a relative / friend can have one. It's much easier than going out and doing it yourself. This is my second reason. Finally, you can talk and video chat. You own another people and you all need a video meeting in different countries. What if you have loved ones who live far away and miss you dearly? You can have a video family. this is my last reason. Hope you consider my reasons why computers are very important to society.
Dear Local Newspaper, Computers have a positive effect on people because they teach them hand-eye coordination, the ability to learn about people and places, and allow people to be entertained. As I said before, computers are very helpful in advancing hand-eye coordination. Hand-eye coordination is very important in today's world because in order to play sports and type effectively, you need to have hand-eye coordination. When I was a @ NUM1 year old boy, I had poor hand-eye coordination skills and my playing suffered. Now after playing online a few times my baseball, lacrosse and basketball skills have improved while playing online and training. Also, my typing went from @ NUM2 wpm. In @ NUM3 words per minute. Allowing me to write reports quickly and allow more time for review. But the internet also allows me to search the web to make my report look much faster ... Although people need to support their opinions as well. Now the Internet allows a person to find facts relating to him or her. This bad help can facilitate the projects of the male school, make the pupils even smaller and give the possibility of helping in need. As I was preparing @ NUM4 during my position paper this year. I realized that I needed @ NUM1, it would usually be difficult, but with the help of computers finding it can be made easier. Second, I have learned so much while my @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, like for example does not really choose the president. The votes they gave actually elect a speculative to go to @ CAPS2. Finally, like the earthquake at @ LOCATION1, I was able to donate through the @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 website. These examples show how important the intern is to learn about people and places, maybe to lend a hand. Finally, the last great thing about the internet and computers is that you can entertain yourself through online games and movies. My mom always tells me that I should get by without training her to play wrestling with me on the internet and computers allow me to play online on my own. Second, the movies on the computers can be realtime if you want. These are the reasons why I think computers are important for improving hand-eye coordination, getting to know different people and places, and the ability to be entertained. While my opinion is only important to me, I hope you will emphasize the importance of computers in your future articles.
Dear Diary, I believe that computers have had a great effect on people in society. I believe so because they make you smarter, they help meet entertainment needs, they also give you the ability to socialize with websites and chat online. these are things that people need in every life and here now. One of the reasons I think computers benefit people in society is simply because they teach you things. I mean you can pick up a book, but why? with a computer you can quickly and easily type what you need to know and in seconds you have @ NUM1 million sites that can tell you what you need to know. Computers can also show you places you always wanted to see and know, the computer can show you an exact location and area information. I know you are thinking about yourself. "Wow how cool !!" but let nothing wait until you hear what else I have to say ! Computers can give you instructions on how to build things, step by step instructions for creating a work of art. My second reason is that computers can entertain you, like playing games, watching movies, and watching TV shows that you missed because you were at work or doing something important. My last reason computers benefit society is entertainment, you can make friends or chat with the ones you have, with websites like facebook, @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, ect. Making friends or following the ones you have in a positive way helps fight depression. If you are still happy on the computer. Therefore, you will have no reason to be depressed. Also, if you have any questions you are wondering in your @ CAPS3, ask them to the computer and it will answer your questions in detail and leave you satisfied with an awnser. As you can see, computers can do a lot of great things, and what I said is just a few things that computers are able to just look at, computers will be more and more a part of our lives. and if you can't use one, you @ MONTH1 are having a hard time. please if you have a different opinion consider my decisions. Thank you for your time.
You say computers are bad and don't help anyone in this physical life, but some people go to the computer to find yoga poses and diest advice and how that doesn't help them physically and mentally. The computers they @ MONTH1 on cause a lot of problems for the children they chat on (@ CAPS1, facebook twitter, etc ...) but they also don't know who is behind the computers they spend so much time on. this @ CAPS1 thing. That they don't care about life itself. Now there are good parts of the computer, you can find the things you need, and you can check travel sites etc. So you should really consider judging the computer skills that they really help in life. And they help people who have physical needs.
Computers are something everyone uses, but there is a point where you get down and start experiencing life. Computers teach hand-eye coordination, let you talk to friends and family, and give you the chance to discover faraway places and people. But it also causes people to spend more time on the computer and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with friends and family. Exercise is an important thing in people's lives. Healthy, fit @ PERCENT1 people of obesity are caused by computers. Stay seated all day. I think it should be a limit on a computer so that people spend less time on the computer and exercise more. Most people don't know what it does to them, but over time they get more unhealthy and weaker. They don't know that sitting down for hars and hars eating a bag of crisps takes time. Once they start doing it, it's because they have a habit of eating and just going on the computer for hours and hours. Not only does it decrease the time people spend exercising, it also decreases the time people spend having fun and computers get you hooked for five minutes and you forget everything you do before you go. realize this, you have @ CAPS1 hours. When people go to computers, they forget everything they are doing. Go shopping with your friends and family. Enjoy the things of nature and you like that. It takes away the time that you can eat out, eat out, store the things you do.
Dear, Journal I believe that using the computer is such a horrible thing for the people of the world. I think this is because they don't exercise, love the great outdoors, and have a great time with family and friends. When you are on the computer, you are not exercising your body. This is a problem because @ CAPS2 this "no exercise" thing stops the lifespan which could be drastically shortened. @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 this does not stop more and more children will get bigger and not be healthy. Thus, children care more about the Internet and about being healthy. Expert @ CAPS3 @ PERSON1 said "@ PERCENT1 of children in school today weigh more than @ NUM1 pounds in @ NUM2 classes, when it should only be an average of @ NUM3 pounds or less in the @ NUM2 classes. " @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 the computer craze doesn't stop kids will keep hanging out and having fun. Smart parents want their kids to have fun in the backyard. Children @ CAPS2 are indoors and not outdoors, they are not getting vitamins from the sun. Experts from @ ORGANIZATION1 said, "@ CAPS2 kids keep using computers so they never see the real beauty of the outdoors." @ CAPS3 you can see that nature is something kids need. Interacting with friends and family is important for everyone. Because @ CAPS2 a family member has a medical condition and needs to go to the hospital, no one is there to be with them as they never speak to each other. One year, I found out that my great-grandmother had died of cancer. I didn't know she had cancer. And I would like to be in the hospital with her. But it wasn't because she and I had never spoken. Don't let this kind of thing happen to you talk and have fun with your friends and family. So @ CAPS3, you can see computer use is horrible because your life may end sooner, your kids are getting fat, and you are moving away from your friends and family. So don't let this happen to someone else. Tell everyone.
What if you are all family and talk to them Percent of people communicate online, and that's not a bad thing. Here is the thing, have you been for or against kids / parents online for too long. I am all for that. Reasons for this is that a lot of kids have friends they talk to online, secondly kids have homework / projects that they might have to research online, and my last reason is some families may have @ CAPS1 ect, so they can communicate online. My number one reason for this is that a lot of kids have online friends who can't text or even talk on the phone, so this is another, easier way to talk to them. Did you know that most children communicate online now? "I think the internet is a good thing, I mean I would rather have my kids online than roar outside and join a gang." @ CAPS2 @ ORGANIZATION1. @ NUM1 on @ NUM2 children communicate online with others. Without a doubt, kids bring home projects and homework every day, right ? Wouldn't you prefer your child to search for information online, then make it guess and be wrong ? I know a lot of kids don't have computers, internet or essy, or maybe they are allowed to go online. That's why they. I remember the times when I had a project to do in school, and I guessed. it didn't do my rating any good. So I decided the next time I have a project to do it on the internet. And it worked, I got a much better grade than I had guessed. Finally, almost everyone has it on the Internet and would be living with and with them all this time. So even staying online too often, you're not there for a bad reason, you're about to talk to your family. to get one, and I have the chance to talk to my family every day. @ CAPS2 a recent computer. Some people sometimes say on the computer too long and don't exercise as much as a human should. or they don't go out of the house as much as they did before @ CAPS3, they have internet. Yes but it's a good cause, it's not like because forever. Moreover, it is used for good. Not for something bad. I think the internet is a good thing, and it affects a lot of people. The reasons for this are that kids also have online friends to talk to, "a lot of people need the internet, and the last of the people has online family to talk to, so it's now or get out there and do your thing. best choice. the problem is whether you are for or against the Internet ! so get out and change now.
Are Computers Benefiting Society? I believe that computers do not really benefit society. In this article, I'll explain how you'll spend less time exercising, less time with family and friends, and less time enjoying nature just by being too much on your computers. What if you are one of those people who loves being on the computer as much as possible? Well, think of it that way. You spend so much time on the computer that you get little or no exercise ! Everyone needs some exercise to be fit and healthy. Our country's obesity level has increased since our high-tech computers came out. I believe this is one of the main reasons for obesity. It is a major concern in our high-tech computer society today. Along with exercising less, you'll also be spending less time with family and friends. I understand that with your family you could talk to them on facebook, but you need interaction by talking face to face. It is one of our basic needs as an individual. Your family will be by your side no matter what. But you have to build a strong relationship with your family to be there for you. This will only happen if you interact with them face to face. The same goes for friends. It is another necessity for basic needs !!!! Everyone should have a relationship. Finally, everyone needs to enjoy nature! It is a magnificent spectacle that everyone needs to breathe out. Being trapped inside the house to be on your computer is a terrible thing to do. The beauties of nature invade everyone but @ NUM1 people do not take the opportunity to enjoy them. Being outdoors and having fun is important for your body to survive. You must take advantage of the powerful rays of the sun and have a life changing gaze around nature. But @ CAPS1 of this will happen if you stay on your @ NUM2 computer. In conclusion, computers do not benefit society. People get little or no exercise, interaction with family friends, and a chance to enjoy nature. Everyone needs to have these needs instead of just focusing on the computer.
With the click of a mouse, you can access the Internet. Computers and the Internet are a recent innovation. You could probably find one in a common household. They have improved and become popular over the past twenty years. I believe they are of great benefit to society. Computers provide an easy way to learn and communicate. Think what life would be like at @ DATE1 without computers. Different, right? I don't think I could have written such a good research paper without the use of a computer. The Internet has many useful sources; such as databases, encyclopedias and articles. You can find information on almost any topic. The computer makes it easy for us. You can just search for keywords, and you've got what you're looking for. It's faster than going through twenty pounds. Once you've found what you're looking for, you can paste it into an @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 document and print it. It's that simple. Another advantage of computers is communication. I have found this important over the past few years. A family that I have been close to all my life had moved to @ LOCATION1 due to jobs. Thanks to the internet, I was able to stay in touch with them. I'm sure thousands of other people have been in the same situation. Whether through email, instant messaging @ ORGANIZATION1 or Facebook, people can connect with others all over the world. It's more convenient than having to time your phone calls, so it's a good time for both of you. If we didn't have this connection with other countries, everyone's life would be different. Computers haven't just changed personal lives. They are also changing the medical field. This has greatly benefited our company. Scientists and doctors are discovering new discoveries and breakthroughs. Doctors use computers to plan and perform surgeries. Computers have helped advance and improve medical research and diagnosis. It saves the lives of many people. @ PERCENT1 tests that have taken place to look for a disease use some computer to break it down. Computer technology has benefited today's society and helped people achieve great things. It keeps people all over the world connected and helps them learn. Hope you see how computers have shaped and helped the world today.
Dear local newspaper, I agree with the experts on people who stay on the computer too much. The reason why family and friends are far away, mood swings can occur and also being overweight, finally computers can do a lot of things @ CAPS1 away. By being on the computer too much, your family will start to worry about you. If you were to sit on a computer for an entire day, it would make people think differently from what you are. Also, if you were to stay inside a @ DATE1 and your friends come over but you tell them "I don't want to go out", they slowly walk away. Ever since I was a teenager I've been standing texting, talking and going out and I hate seeing a friend of mine on the computer when I want to go out. When I was @ NUM1 or @ NUM2, I was always on the computer for days or weeks, until my friends and family told me not to let this happen to you. I had a friend who was a good athlete and very funny and kind, but when his mother gave him a computer, I didn't want to be his friend. When I was @ NUM2 I used to get mad at everything if I couldn't use the computer, it was like I was a kid. Also, I was fat (like overweight) because I never went out for exercise or in my own bedroom. The reason I stopped being his friend was that he would get mad if I came over there to ask him if he could go out. Also when he went out he never did anything or run because he was always @ CAPS1 tired, @ CAPS1 what I'm trying to say is that the computer can really change a lot of people. negative way. The last thing that makes everyone change is what the computer can do now. For example, a game called @ CAPS2 from @ CAPS3 can get you hooked on @ CAPS1 quickly, you hardly do anything else. Another bad thing is @ CAPS4, sure you keep in touch with your friends but if you stay too long it gets hooked on you. Finally, online chatrooms or games where you can create a person like you make you think that this will be your life from now on. Besides, people think that the computer can do everything it can't really do, anything a computer can do is like a drug, it is addictive. Well, I just gave you a little bit of a lot of things a computer can do, but to jog your memory I'll say it again. Part of the reason I agree is that family and friends seem distant sometimes, you have mood swings and less exercise, well what a computer can do now. Since you now know the dangers that can arise, I suggest you rethink computers.
Dear Diary, I disagree with you about computers. I think computers are good for projects, homework, or letters. For example, you can use a computer to help you with your projects, if you have a project to do and you don't feel like going to the library, you can use a computer to look up information about whatever. And you don't have to draw, that's what printers are for. Also, when you have homework, most kids or teens even adults don't like doing homework that's what a computer does for you, you can just search online and you can find the answer. finished in no time. Say you need to write an essay, I know nobody likes to write an essay by hand, you can type @ CAPS1 and design @ CAPS1 with your own designs and make @ CAPS1 look prettier than you write @ CAPS1. Also, I know no one likes to follow and if you lose @ CAPS1 you have to start over and it takes forever to do especially if @ CAPS1 is due the next day you are bored and you don't want to write @ CAPS1 finished and you get mad because you already did @ CAPS1. And when you had @ CAPS1 in you you mysteriously found another paper that you finished and lost and @ CAPS1 makes you so angry. And then you must be wondering if someone stores @ CAPS1 and copies @ CAPS1 and puts their name on the copied one but changes some of your ideas so that they don't lose major points and the grade goes from an @ CAPS2 to a @ CAPS3 in no time. Finally, you can use a computer to write letter finds. You can write a transcript and grades if you're a teacher, and you can also write a letter to a friend who may have moved. Therefore, the types of letters you should write are love letters to your wife or girlfriend at work or school and @ CAPS1 quickly too instead of writing @ CAPS1 and then you start writing worst of ways. Instead you can write @ CAPS1 quickly and they get @ CAPS1 quickly if they have a computer, but if they work in a school they can get it because every school should have a computer so they can get @ CAPS1. Another type of letter you can write is a letter to your friend who you haven't seen in years or who has moved to another country or state. So I hope I have convinced you of the reason why @ CAPS1 is @ CAPS4 to have a computer but as you are sad @ CAPS1 it is not always @ CAPS4 to be on the computer @ NUM1 but from time to time @ CAPS1 ok especially in an emergency if someone in your family has just died and you don't know how to get there use gas, and if you don't have one, go online and print them out. instructions to be able to get them and see which family member has passed away and if you knew that then now you know the importance of a computer. Hope you are using @ CAPS1 wisey.
Dear diary, computers! Computers! Computers! Computers seem to be the topic of conversation of the year. A lot of people think computers are necessary for everyday life, but I don't agree. In my opinion, we don't need computers. The effects of computers on children and adults are amazing. Humans today don't spend as much time in nature and strive for a healthy body and a healthy planet. Also, as we children grow up, we have too many advantages because of computers. Third, so much money is used for computers and not what's really important ! As you can see, these three reasons alone should persuade anyone to believe that computers are harmful to all walks of life. First of all, as we continue to use computers, our natural environment will be lost. The effects on nature and people are horrendous. Pollution is spreading all over the planet! People are becoming addicted to computers. I know it will surprise you when I tell you that the average person spends about ten hours a day on a computer! It's about half the day! It's a terrifying effect on people because now these computers are brainwashing us! Instead of going to the computer all day, we should go outside to enjoy the fresh air and the sun. Plus, computers make us sit indoors all day and don't become irritating, which is a health issue we need to learn the little things about and be grateful for for what we already have ! Therefore, banning computers would have a positive effect. Today many lose their ability to write cards forgetting the simple things life has to offer. Would writing an essay with pencil and paper be so bad? This @ MONTH1 is old fashioned, but there is a tremendous amount of cool effects available for both pen and paper use. Maybe @ ORGANIZATION2 reports would get smarter and hold more knowledge. By writing everything down it is proven to help remember important facts easier and for longer, writing on paper is like writing it in your brain. Therefore, students, children and adults would benefit from having better handwriting. Since most information is entered on the computer, people forget how to write neatly, clearly, and sensibly. @ PERSON1 is an English teacher who has been a part of @ ORGANIZATION1 school since before computers, she has seen the horrific effects happening on her students right in front of her eyes. @ PERSON1 told me : "@ CAPS1, students are completely absorbed in computers and have no more life, energy or responsiveness! Children have too many advantages with computers and don't take the time . third reason why computers negatively affect humans. Humans send huge sums of money to get the latest computer technology. Most people pay chedes are used for their computers. These fancy computers are very expensive, but also very unnecessary. In my opinion a lot of people are just following a trend. Instead, money can be spent on schools, and especially wars! Do you hear the hum of the computer, the button clicks? Realize those sounds aren't what you should spend! In conclusion, computers affect people. There are many reasons to support this, but here are three. One is that people don't. t no time in nature! tronic and not spending the time learning quality things. Third, people are using all of their money on these computers ! I know some people think computers are very useful, but now I know after reading this article that you know how useless computers are.
Dear Editor, In my opinion, computers have a positive effect on people. The @ CAPS1 allows people to communicate. People can learn things, places, even their own families. I also think that with the right dosage it could help your body. If @ CAPS1 had never been invented, how would you speak to people all over the world. Mr. Editor, what if you were fourteen and had no friends. Well, you can always go to myspace.com, facebook.com, or any other online community and make friends. Another thing that could happen is that a family member or friend goes to another country for vacation and not be able to have long distance calls, you can talk to them on @ CAPS2 or something like that. If you don't really like using @ CAPS1 for communication, you might want to learn. With the @ CAPS1 you could learn a lot. You can even go to school online, but like I said, you can learn anything. Once, when I had a project at school on fredrick douglas, I used @ CAPS1 to help me. I learned about his family, his childhood, where he came from and many other important facts. The @ CAPS1 can be a good search engine, but don't stick around too long, your body needs you too. I think @ CAPS1 can improve your health. People always say if you stay on the computer you get fat and unhealthy, but I don't think so. First of all, being on a computer using the mouse helps your hand-eye coordination. you can also check out diets, find medications for your health, or find new ways to exercise your body. That's why I think @ CAPS1 can help your body. All of these reasons explain why I think @ CAPS1 has such good effects on people.
More and more people are using computers in fact about @ PERCENT1 of @ CAPS1.T has computers, everyone is using them. I think they are very useful because you can use them for emails, jobs, and school homework. That's why I think having a computer is a good thing, what do you think? Like I said, computers are good for e-mailing, even I.ming. let's say you're playing baseball and forgot your game time. You can just hit the power button and the tree view to ask your trainer what time you need to be in the field. There is also I.Ming, it is when you can talk to your friends online, it is a great way to communicate and meet new people. Emailing is awesome, it's so efficient that you can email any of your family members who live thousands of miles away from you. I once made my aunt's Lisa was in Florida and asked her to send me pictures of the water and the beaches and she did, they were eye-catching. The next reason it is good to have computers is employment. In today's world, everything is managed by computers, for example everyone registers. The ATMs and the car are exhausted by computers. So having it for a job is good. Lets tell you fax a copy can do the computer in a minute, I know my dad's job requires him to keep everything for his witch on his desk on his laptop. This is why most jobs have computers. Are you one of them? Finally, the school was IT. For example my teacher on his computer, his homework and. If he didn't have that, he would be lost. It's also good for kids too. Every week in humanities we have to search for presidents and I use my laptop for that. Did you know that there is a program in which you can view your notes and missing homework ? This is called the school of power. Computers are great for school. I think everyone should have one. So what do you think of them? Are they amazing or what? I think they are very useful because you can use them for emailing, working, and doing schoolwork. If it weren't for computers, we would know as much as we know now. About @ PERCENT1 from @ CAPS1.T have them. Computers are going to help you a lot in life, welcome to the real world.
Dear Diary, Computers are a great resource and are useful in many ways. @ CAPS1 we have the technology, why not use it? Computers give us simple but very useful programs like @ ORGANIZATION1 word or photoshop, exceptional abilities to search all the information you want and keep in touch with distant relatives using Facebook or video chats like skype. Couldn't it be @ CAPS1 that you were about to complete an essay for school when you misspelled a word and had to start all over again ?! Well, that's what often happened when the computers weren't there and you had to use a typewriter. Unlike the typewriter, computers have programs like michrosoft word, where @ CAPS1 you make a simple mistake, all you have to do is hit backspace. With programs like this, essays and flyers are extremely easy to do. There are also many other programs such as powerpoint, photoshop or video editor. These are in real time. You can just put your camera chip in your computer and perform instant "walaa" editing. The programs that you can download greatly simplify your life and save you a lot of time. In addition to the article writing programs, you can use the Internet and Google to get the information! All you have to do is type a short sentence and instantly get thousands of sites, all filled with information. And instead of spending ten minutes in a dictionary. com and find it in a fraction of a second. I did a count and @ NUM1 on every @ NUM2 kids uses the internet at least once a day ! Let's say you had a party coming up, but didn't have anything creative to cook for the food. Just type in some creative food for a party "and you will easily have hundreds of new recipes to choose from. The Internet is an amazing invention that is very simple and useful to use. Another fantastic thing to use on a computer is social connections like than myspace, facebooks or skype. This is a great way to catch up with old friends from high school or college, or plan a big event while relaxed at home. @ CAPS1 you played football at night so you couldn't hang out with friends but i still had time for a quick chat that's perfect. Skype and other video chats are amazing. They come in handy when you need to chat with someone 'one at @ LOCATION1 for business and don't want to travel. All you have to do is link a "bamm" they're right there! These are great for business and long distance relationships. J have an uncle and aunt who live and we use skype to keep in touch. It is a fantastic way to communicate around the world. Computers @ MONTH1 do a lazy "look" s, but give us a lot. Save time thanks to their convenience for running and exercising. Computers have amazing programs that help us in every way, the Internet for quick information and social connections to keep in touch with family, friends, and business. Computers are one of the most convenient things we have and I strongly suggest that you agree with me.
Dear @ LOCATION1, I believe that going to the computer has a positive effect on people. It is also true that some people do not exercise enough. To avoid not getting enough exercise, we should play sports or have family activities to at least get out of our house. Everyone needs to stop being lazy and get active. I think a day of exercise should be fashionable and become a tradition. This can be twice a year or more per month or whatever is chosen as long as there is a @ LOCATION2 day or even more than @ LOCATION2 can exercise.
I use the computer all the time and I am in good health. Just because you use a computer more than exercising doesn't mean you're unhealthy. I think computers help a lot in life. Now I'm going to talk about some of the things computers help in life. Computers help you find the weather and everything you need. It will help you even if you have a job and don't have time to waste. Computers are fun too. You go to different and play all the games. You can also talk to people about them. Or receiving e-mail with is like receiving real mail, but from a computer. But there are @ MONTH1 some problems, so people use too much. They need to have more exirs. So that's what I think of computers, hopefully people will express themselves more now.
Dear, @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 people all over the world use computers, we all know what computers are for like surfing the internet, playing games, working and school. Some people find computers useful for teaching hand-eye coordination, discovering other places in the world, and talking with other people online. I am in year @ NUM1 at mystical college. I think computers are not as good as some people think they are. Have you ever heard of computer camps. This is where some kids go because they are addicted to computers. In this camp, children are taken away from the computer and forced to join in trial and error doing activities like fishing or working together to solve a mystery. This camp is best known as reliable for children who are addicted to computers. Another reason computers are bad is because of the Internet. Internet is very dangerous. Place because you can chat with people you don't even know. You never know that people could be screwed in the head. And try to find @ CAPS4 where you like and come. so you should always be careful who you talk to otherwise you might get. Nothing really goes well with computers, they get slower and slower every time you use them. About every two years, a child or parent might go and throw away a computer. Also your computer doesn't have @ CAPS3, it might get a wine and cost a person a few hundred dollars to get it fixed. Anything can happen anytime with your computer, @ CAPS4 out of nowhere where it might just die and not work and @ CAPS2 from your data will be gone forever. Now that I've explained my part of computers, people will think differently. Would you like to end up like one of those people who are in a camp because they are too much on the computer. Or you never know you could forever and never be found. I already know @ CAPS5 that it's important for computers to get fixed, but you might have to find @ CAPS4 the hard way. That's why I think computers just cause more problems for people.
Do you honestly believe that computers do not benefit society? Well, they do. Computers help reconnect with people. A fabulous search engine and watch videos. Computers are evolving in the human way of life. Computers help you reconnect with people. My mom uses Facebook and she found some friends she hasn't seen since @ NUM1's started ! It is a great tool for talking to your friends in your daily life. Also, you can video chat with your webcam to actually see them. Therefore, computers benefit society. computers also have the best search engines. Are you researching an article on @ LOCATION1 ? Google and @ LOCATION2 are all you need. Basically giving you all the material for an A. If your paper hasn't arrived yet, the Internet has time and more! The only place to get millions of songs for free for your iPod or phone is the computer. one of the greatest electronic devices invented. Amazing computers also allow you to watch videos on the internet. Do you want a good laugh? Well, YouTube is the place you should go to learn the history of the suppressant, today's lifestyle, and more. If you want, you can also download videos ! A big site, big computers, benefits society. After my essay, I can honestly say that computers benefit society. Computers help reconnect with people, have a great search engine, and watch videos. Computers are growing daily. Help the user get the most satisfaction. They help.
Dear @ CAPS1, I believe that computers rob us of life in a negative way. New technological advances in general take our lives negatively. It can contribute to obesity, turn you into a couch potato, and interfere with your social life. It's not that computers aren't useful, it's that people use them too frequently. As a country, @ LOCATION1 has more obese people every decade. A good way to reduce the obese population is to get them out of that office chair. @ CAPS5 all you do is sit on a chair and play flash games and watch youtube videos all day long you are sure to put on a few pounds those few pounds add up. @ CAPS6 fast food companies like @ ORGANIZATION1 contribute to obesity, as do computers. When someone eats a big mac burger, should they go up and play a flash game or go to the gym? Believe me, you are not going to burn calories by clicking a mouse. People who use the computer often rarely see the true beauty of nature. They are too busy filming animated rabbits to go see real rabbits. Do you prefer to walk in the park or stare at a computer screen for @ DATE 1.5 hours ? The world is a beautiful place, and the more you @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3, the less you realize. Being on the computer can even affect your social life. The more you socialize with people you don't know @ CAPS4 on the computer, the less you know how to communicate with real people. I know I want a real girlfriend, not a virtual one. You @ MONTH1 are too much in a @ CAPS4.V. show that you are watching on the computer, even to spend time with your loved ones. Your family is more important than a silly computer game. In conclusion, I would like to say that (in my opinion) computers should be used a little less. Who would @ CAPS4 be a fit kid, nature lover, popular @ CAPS5 people would just spend a little less time on the computer, and a little more time in reality you could be a kid like that. (@ CAPS6, I'm sure @ CAPS1 is an adult.)
Dear local newspaper, I think spending too much time on a computer is bad. One of my reasons is exercise. People should be outside jogging or exercising and enjoying nature. Should also socialize with a friend. Now my second reason is to hang out with your fromily. Being with your family is important because they have fun with it. It is also good to socialize with them at home or in any other place. Sometimes socializing with people on a computer is not as good as it is with people, as socializing with friends and family is easier than sitting in a chair typing a bunch of books explaining the conversation. that you have. And finally, my last reason is to be active. People should be active because it's fun and you can socialize with people and play sports with or. It keeps you and healthy. Being active can also improve the health of your lungs and heart. For example, soccer keeps your legs strong and built. And basketball keeps you fast and always running. It's good for you because being active gives you a healthier, stronger, and fitter body. So I think spending a lot of time on a computer is bad.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 @ MONTH1 Be true that @ MONTH1 computers make people exercise less, enjoy nature less, and spend less time with family and friends, but computers benefit society at large. many ways. Computers help students with homework and projects, and they help communicate with other people. Besides the telephone, computers also have bad sides. Students need computers to help them with homework and class projects. They help students create good presentations, and students can use the Internet for research. Having computers will help increase students' grades and help them have more successful lives in the future. Parents and children can communicate with friends and / or relatives remotely and they can talk to their children's colleagues, bosses, teachers, as well as their own children / parents. Having computers would create more communication with some people and help keep in touch with family members. In addition to all the good things, computers also have bad qualities. They can lead kids to inappropriate websites, and maybe even a virus that crashes your computer! Most virus removal programs prevent children and adults from viewing inappropriate sites (like gambling, pornography, etc.). We need a pre-installed computer with the best up-to-date virus protection system that helps protect children, teens, and adults from viruses, inappropriate sites, and cyberbullies. Having these will make a computer almost perfect! The computers everyone needs should help students learn, improve communication between people, and come pre-downloaded with programs to protect people from viruses, bad websites and cyberbullying. Computers are necessary, and without them our lives would be extremely miserable.
Dear, @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 I think people need to see the reality of the computer and the real world, there are a lot of people who spend too much time on the computer and not spend enough time with their family or to do things that are really important. While you're on the computer, you don't exercise, you don't get stronger, you just sit down. This is one of the ways people get fat because they don't move around just by sitting down. When you are on the computer all day every day, you miss what is going on with your family, you miss everything that is going on. I think people need to relax by spending time on the computer and exercise or to call one of your brothers, cousins or even your my and find out what really happens because that it is they who really count ! But you really can't tell people how long they are allowed to be on the computer, you can only give an opinion and hope they are listening.
Dear Local Newspaper, Technology is really a fascinating thing in life, isn't it ? Take a computer for example, they can check information online, give people the ability to learn about distant places and people, and even allow people to communicate. It absolutely benefits society. Well, it makes life much easier and faster for people. You do not agree ? Have you ever forgotten what your homework was or what time something starts and ends ? Well you can always check the info online, @ CAPS3 you never forget ! So there you can get up to speed and prepare early. For example, you need to know what time a movie starts at the cinema so check online! Plus, you can forget about the steps to do something about your project or homework, so check online! So every time a student forgets they can check online instead of coming to school tomorrow and saying : “ @ CAPS1 I didn't know what to do ” or, “ @ CAPS1 I forgot how to do it. To do. » @ CAPS2 have you always wanted to travel to places but didn't know anything about the place? Or how much would it cost? Or have you ever wanted to know more about a famous person eg @ PERSON1 ? Instead of going to the library and reading all those books to learn something, you can just go online! There are millions and millions of places and people websites. Therefore, it is much easier to learn about a certain place, person or thing. The computer can be really useful and useful. Plus, you can plan a vacation, somewhere, and be sure you have enough cash by checking the price online! So you won't have to worry about not having enough money when you get there. @ CAPS2 do you always want to communicate with your friends all day without wasting minutes? In fact, you can communicate with several friends on the computer. For example, chat rooms can reach hundreds of people. Therefore, you won't have so much trouble trying to communicate with all your friends both on the computer and on the phone. Plus, you communicate with people all over the world. This includes your family members or relatives, etc. @ CAPS3 they live on the other side of @ LOCATION1. Also, @ CAPS3 you haven't seen them for a while or spoken to them, you can webcam or video chat with each other. Keeping in touch with important people or your friends is a good thing. The effects that computers have on people is really something you should thank God for. You can check information on anything @ CAPS3 that you never forget. You have the ability to easily learn about people and places and you can communicate with your family and friends!
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, do you still want to go out and play soccer with your loved ones? Well I know I @ CAPS2. I believe almost @ PERCENT1 of the kids are on the @ NUM1 computer because they don't have anything at @ CAPS2 or it's addicting. The resonance that I believe in this statement is strongly true. Let people be aware of the time people spend on the computer and not with their families. An important fact about having children on the computer is how dangerous it can be. Kids these days don't realize how dangerous it can be to be online, for example I remember a time when my cousin said he went to the movies to eat with a girl who 'he had on myspace, but all he saw was a balet hewdet, sex offender. This told her that it was he who was talking to her online. That he wanted my cousin to go to his place and play x-box and my cousin shouted no and left my place because the cinema is closer to my house. Know that being safe is important. Would you like your children to be safe with you or with a stranger ? The computer can also come in handy when needed for school or work. Only people would think it's fun to come home and go to the computer for no reason. Second, don't you want to hang out with the kids before they go to college or something? Just the slightest thing like playing a soccer game will affect them to create a better one with you and get you chilled. One thing you can @ CAPS2 to get them to hang out with is take the computer out for a week and have fun with your child. Play some of his favorite sports. So with the computer computer. unrelated to you and you have cooled down. So now is the time to let your child hang out on the computer and go in or have fun with them?
There has been a debate whether computers benefit society or harm society. I personally agree with the claim that computers benefit society. I think computers improve your hand-eye coordination. When you can type quickly and accurately, you know your hand-eye coordination is doing well. I remember when I was a kid watching my grandmother type about seventy-five words per minute. Just from her year of practice, she became very computer-coordinated. My hand-eye coordination improves a lot because I've had types for a long time. Scientists say that @ PERCENT2 or people who have been typing for at least four years become a better eye-hand coordinated strike that keeps your fingers quick and nimble. I once read a book on computers and an expert said, “ The invention of the computer keyboard could be the best hand-eye coordination practice ever. " @ CAPS1 more about computers is that they allow you to explore faraway places without actually going there. At school, you can do projects in other countries without traveling, just using a computer. I once had to do a class project on @ LOCATION1 and got an @ PERCENT1 just using a computer, people can look up country information for fun as well. Mu mom just wanted to know more about @ LOCATION2 so she searched the internet from her computer. You can also search schoold. My older sister went online for college bok without actually going to the actual university states. Finally, another thing you can do on a computer is talk to people online. There is such a thing as @ CAPS2-mail which allows you to write people on the internet on the computer. I remember when my baseball coach was going to tell me I made the team he just sent @ CAPS2 to my parents because it was the easiest way to do it. There is also something like @ CAPS4 (instant messaging) which allows you to speak to someone immediately and have them respond to you immediately. I remember going to @ CAPS4 everyday to talk to friends. You can also video chat, which allows you to directly see someone and talk to them physically. I read a news article on video chat and one expert said that "Video chat is the best way to communicate with someone without being properly informed that they are talking with them. These reasons explain why I think that computers are a great help in our society.
Daer People of the Newspaper I think computers are good in some it's like watching some people on the other side of the world. As if you had to do a piece of paper halfway around the world, a computer is up to date unlike a book, so the computer has a good effect on schoolchildren and work, so the computer is good, but apart this, most people send all day to talk to people about the topic and don't go out and get some air, so the computer has bad effects on some people and has good effects which they all have need to work and rest so I think most people overuse the computer for talking to people and for playing games. But some people don't go there for a long time and go out and use a computer if they have to do it for work, so the effects of computers are that for many people use the theme forever and talk to people and the site and get fat not to go out and play and get some fresh air so most people use their computer on facebook and stof like that they code and come out of the site on a swing and txt and get some fresh air.
Technology is advancing every day. The computer is one of the main popular technological devices. More and more people are using them, however, not everyone agrees that it benefits society. I believe it benefits us. One of the reasons is that you can explore things at home. Before computers, you had to go to the library, find the book you needed, and then browse through it until you found the information you needed. These things alone could take hours, especially if you don't live near the library. However, with computers, you can just type it into a search engine and find what you are looking for. It could save you money because you don't have to drive anywhere. Another reason is that you can communicate online for free. Without a computer, you will either have to go to that person while driving, talking on the phone, or texting, which is expensive. On the computer, you have an email address, @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 and many more. You can all communicate in different ways. If you want to look at pictures, take quizzes, play games or talk, it's @ CAPS2. And lastly for email, you can send videos of letters to people, or you can just talk to other people by typing like everyone else.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, you @ MONTH1 know that computers are not just very useful machines. Computers provide people with online education, manual eye, and creativity, and computers are one of the main ones. PERSON2 now has a good job in accounting. Without the computer, people would not be where they are right now. Don't just menchion @ DATE1 I have been instructed to complete a story article on @ LOCATION2. All I had to do was do about an hour of research into the culture and history of @ LOCATION2. I received one on my paper. Computers are very useful in helping people, which brings me to my next point, computers teach. are for creativity and they use a computer. @ DATE1 Computers have shown this and @ CAPS4 have shown it, @ PERCENT1 people say that number is a contactless way to communicate with @ CAPS5 the computer is not such @ CAPS2, providing increases creativity and hand-eye coordination and is also a primary means of communication. So @ LOCATION1 @ CAPS6 editors, writers and readers. Computers are useful machines, plus the haze fails to use a computer.
Dear @ LOCATION1 @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 are high tech devices that allow us to connect with friends and family in other places like France or @ LOCATION2, allow us to search for new information, maybe for a school project in a school project in school and even playing addicting games, computers have modernized our life, and its effect on human being is despicable. We've taken these simple devices too far and haven't used them in moderation. Did you know that at least an hour of @ MONEY1 exercise is needed every day ? Well @ CAPS3 around the world is not getting enough exercise because of @ MONEY1 computers. Parents' hard earned money is wasted on these extremely expensive computers, they can pay anywhere from @ NUM1 ! What a size of money @ MONEY1 ! The abductions of @ PERCENT1 @ MONEY1 are due to @ MONEY1 having too much information on the internet, do you want that for your child. Computers were once useful devices that have now evolved into @ CAPS4 machining machines. @ PERCENT2 @ MONEY1 the @ CAPS3 of the world are obese today. Why are they absurd, you ask? @ CAPS3 is growing fast, they are meant to be active and playful and without any active sports like dancing or basketball they will grow taller. Kids spend as many @ NUM2 hours a day on a @ CAPS2, and don't stay active, @ CAPS2 attracts kids like a magnet. This obsessive time @ CAPS2 leaves no time to stay healthy, active and in shape. I remember a time when @ MONEY1 my friends, @ PERSON1 got a new computer. She didn't want to go out and play basketball with us anymore, she just stayed inside. Eventually saly became obese and contracted diabetes. Parents, is that what you want for your @ CAPS3? Do you want to pay for a machine that makes your @ CAPS3 extremely healthy ? Times are tough, money is tight and electronics are expensive. A @ CAPS2 can cost from @ MONEY4 TO SAME @ MONEY3, or a ton of money @ MONEY1. Parents work hard eg @ NUM3 it's a long day and probably not making enough money to waste it on a @ CAPS2. The average household spends @ MONEY2 on computers in their lifetime. Do you really want to buy your @ CAPS3 a machine that costs an exorbitant amount @ MONEY1 of money that will only make your @ CAPS3 unhealthy and keep them away from their sports ? I remember when my mom bought me a new @ CAPS2 for @ NUM4 dollars and the next day it broke. What size @ MONEY1 money. Help your @ CAPS3, don't buy a @ NUM2 000 dollars @ CAPS2, keep your @ CAPS3 active and healthy. Make sure your green stays in your wallet. Hey, a little window pops up on your screen. Who are you, you answer with a voice, @ CAPS7, your friend @ CAPS8 says the little window. You answer with a @ CAPS7 hi, hey you wanna come, that's the cook's thing, @ CAPS9 okay you answer. What's wrong with this situation? Well a lot of @ MONEY1 things are, but it happens to online chats @ PERCENT3 @ MONEY1. Remember that online you can be whoever you don't want to be, you might only be ten years old, but say your @ NUM6. So many @ CAPS3 are kidnapped because @ MONEY1 is chatting online. You can talk to all your @ CAPS3. you want to but that doesn't mean you won't be in this situation. The less time your child spends on @ CAPS2, the less likely @ MONEY1 will be kidnapped. @ CAPS2 is so dangerous, would you ever put your child in danger. Computers were once useful devices, full of information @ MONEY1, fun and discussions with aunt's uncles, and even your friend @ PERSON2. Now those computers have turned into chase boxes full of nasty @ MONEY1 side effects. Do you want your child to feel the wind in his ears, the sound @ MONEY1 his heart beating vigorously and the smell @ MONEY1 of the grass, do you want him to experience the bright screen in his eyes and the thrill @ MONEY1 just beating the @ NUM7 level ? Want to spend @ MONEY1 on sick gear ? and finally do you want your @ CAPS3 to be endangered by just using a @ CAPS2 at home. Computers are @ CAPS4 morphing devices that remove @ CAPS3's points in life. Do you want it for them.
@ ORGANIZATION2, @ CAPS1 are many reasons why computer technology benefits society. To begin with, news organizations use computers to write the @ ORGANIZATION2 document. Personally, I believe that computers benefit society for a number of reasons. Computers help education, build careers, and help people connect with their families. As I read this letter, I hope it will make computers attractive to you. One of the reasons people take advantage of computers is the way they contribute to education. In a survey conducted at @ ORGANIZATION1, @ PERCENT1 of students say computers help their college careers. In addition, many adults also use computers for their education. In the student body of the '@ NUM1 class at high school @ CAPS2, most students left school before they could complete their final year. @ PERCENT2 of these students completed their high school and college years through online courses. Another reason computers benefit society is to support careers. To industries @ CAPS3, @ PERSON1, the @ CAPS4, said, I don't know where our business would be if we weren't using computers. "@ CAPS5 In a poll by @ CAPS4 of many top industries, @ PERCENT3 said their business revolves around the Internet. This could very well be the poll your @ CAPS4 took. Finally, computers help people separated families, to connect with A Marine said he tries to contact his family as much as he can while at sea. If anyone deserves to contact his family they haven't seen for two years it should have been the military. In conclusion, computer technology has benefited many people. A system that could regulate the use of computers by people could be put in place, but that wouldn't make anyone happy. do something to stop it ? "
Dear Diary @ CAPS1, I think if you allow yourself to use the @ CAPS5 @ CAPS2 @ NUM1 minutes per day at most, it will give you enough time to get out and exercise. Using @ CAPS5 is acceptable in moderation, but if you are constantly on @ CAPS5 it can't be healthy @ CAPS2 You (unless that's your job) you shouldn't be on @ CAPS5 @ CAPS2 @ NUM1 minutes to one hour a day! So me people are on the @ CAPS5 so much that their eyes are getting worse and worse, not only is it affecting your physical health but it is hurting you physically @ CAPS3 are closed blood, eye stories rose or even @ CAPS4 this is a very serious problem people who are like that are called @ CAPS5 @ CAPS6 @ CAPS7 to @ CAPS8 @ CAPS9 @ CAPS10 on @ PERCENT1 people say they know or are someone who is a @ CAPS5 addict, and scientists say within the next year, that number will double or even triple. I know people need to use @ CAPS5 @ CAPS2 things like emails, projects, ideas, or even templates, but is anyone really reading a book !
Dear Diary, In my opinion, I think children and adults are spending more than enough on their computers. I can see how it benefits you in some ways, but it takes you away from Halwe, being outside and exercising. It can also have an effect on your eyes later in life. People go to the search engines @ ORGANIZATION1, @ LOCATION1, and @ CAPS1 and just over half of the results from these sites are fleeting. And the more people go on computers, the easier it is to get caught pladurizing again and that's a great thing in the community. These are a few ideas, but I have more, don't worry, and details to go along with those ideas. People need fresh air, physical exercise, and the outdoors. You can do all of this if you just quit the computer. And instead of looking for places online and what they're about, just go visit them. You will get fresh air, exercise, and experience. And after having this experience you will pass it on, the real one to other people will not get anything fake hot. For example you can search @ CAPS2 online and they just have food pictures. But if you visit there you can really last the food. Would you rather be sitting in a chair, watching the computer, or having fun outdoors visiting places you've never seen before ? You will never get or learn anything by moderating and you will get more and you will be clicked. But if you think a little bit or maybe have some experience with your writing tool, then you will learn and. It's also because kids are too lazy because they're not out doing things and they're inside and used to them because they're so much of their computer all the time. I also agree with using computers because they give you skills that they don't. Like, you also need skills, mainly, hand eye coordination to type long papers for collage and these skills will keep you going. It's like a chain reaction, you type on the computer a lot, you will have good hand-eye coordination if you have good hand-eye coordination, you will be successful in school, and it continues. And you end up being successful. Another benefit with computers is the sale, more and more people are buying computers which helps the economy so i guess i agree but my opinion will remain strong about not using d 'computers. So whether you have a computer or not, if you don't, I'd rather not have one, but get down your butt and get some exercise and visit these topical islands you always visit.
Dear Diary, I read an article in the newspaper that said that people on their computers are an advantage and could be a bad habit. I actually think it's a good idea for people to be on their computers. I have a few reasons why this is a good thing. Whenever a student needs information on a certain topic, they use the Internet for help. Research is useful because there could be a lot of sites online that could give you what you need. The topics entered in the search engines will help you find any information that will be useful to you. Anytime a teacher @ MONTH1 needs a typed assignment, you can type it on your computer and have it ready the next day. You can also find some interesting pictures about what you are learning. Sometimes the internet can hold more information than a certain book you would read. Sometimes it would be a good idea not to be looking for something all night, or someone is going to be mad at the electric bill. Additionally, it would be good if you double-checked your information as it might be wrong. Internet use doesn't have to be just for work. People use computers to shop online, check movie times, and talk with friends. People chatting to friends online is good because they @ MOIS1 can't talk the way they want at school, and you @ MOIS1 can't see them on the weekends. Teens who talk online usually talk with their best friends. If a friend in a group of friends is probably in the same city as you, then they could be talking using their laptops which they bring anywhere. Then you could probably hear about something you (and your friends) have in common that @ MONTH1 is coming up somewhere near you. So being on the computer to talk with friends isn't that bad. Students who are young generally learn to type. It might help them in the future if you need to type in an assignment for school, a job application, or a college admission application. Learning to type is good because you can also see which keys are on and where you won't need to look at them a lot. Soon you will be able to type any number of words in no time. This @ MONTH1 will also be an aid to reading and understanding big words. In conclusion, I think computers don't have too much of an effect on people. As long as they're not there for more than two hours, that's fine. Using the computer seems to have more advantages than disadvantages.
Dear @ CAPS1 journal, my name is @ CAPS2, @ PERSON1 and I think this idea based on why people need a computer is a good / @ CAPS3 statement. My opinion @ CAPS4 is that people use their computers so much that they don't exercise yet. When not true, do it with the fact that computers have it. Programs on how to monitor your weight. Actions, etc. The technology is also helping people around the world through websites, programs such as video chat, @ CAPS5.com for instant messaging. about how teenage stuff like computers helps people video chatting, emailing people with their rezemates to jobs about why and how they're based. By showing people their recent jobs. And give details of how to show people reading this article that computer technology also helps @ CAPS6 save. Most of the reasons we need tech equipment is because people are using it in fields like marine, @ CAPS6, dealerships, all over the global industry. Why is this good, my take is that businesses need this to order their inventory for in-store carriers and more. For @ CAPS6 in the field to use for @ CAPS7 sean, pregnancy, pulse radar and more. And on the negative from this side of the readers are based on the fact that most people get addicted to technology when the truth is people really need technology, look around you and everything in this world was mainly done by technology and. the @ CAPS8 is that people should agree. that computers help people, talk, @ CAPS9, email, live, help find family, friends, give directions, so from my perspective @ CAPS9 write your dean @ CAPS1 and to readers who interact with technology. Is it a good way to control how or what you do on computers, my way I make sites audio and interesting. Technology can enable people to find ways to help people. Find and create ways to make money or interesting positive outcomes by using a person in this world entering and exiting technological equipment. Nowadays, and to people who have read this article, should pass this story on to people who take technology in negative terms and help them think about it positively.
Dear Diary, I think computers are a good effect in our lives. Some of the reasons I say this is the right one to use when looking for fun games and activities, and they keep you in touch with distant loved ones. First of all, if you just got an assignment for school or work, you @ MONTH1 should type and search any subject Computer is a great source of knowledge if you are looking for something or even checking your bills, @ CAPS1, computers are fun, they have lots of games and activities for you to play and do. Just think that you are sitting in the house on a rainy day, you are bored and have nothing to do. Just go to your computer and play a game or just find activities the whole family could do. Finally, computers are good for keeping in touch with longtime family members these days, all you have to do is get a webcam and plug it into your computer and now that's our big one. -mother, grandfather, cousin and uncle, or whoever it is. is there, you can talk to them as if you were on the phone toll free. In conclusion, as you can see from everything I have written about computers, they are good for doing research, playing games or doing activities, and keeping in touch with the I @ CAPS2 family in my house. the computer is mainly used for the webcam to see my grandma in @ LOCATION1. Well, I hope this letter has changed your mind about this great invention, the computer.
Dear @ CAPS1, the folks at @ CAPS2 think computers are good for society, but I am not. The risks of the computer outweigh the benefits. My first example is my father. My dad never turned on a computer in his life and his business is doing well. My dad and dad have all of their files in a safe. One of my father's friends had everything on his computer. When a virus hit him, all of his files were gone, along with his folders. My father writes all his papers by hand. He says if I need to type something I'll buy a typewriter. Also on things like Facebook, someone can see everything that someone else is doing. This is where a lot of people pretend to be someone and so @ CAPS2 people get kidnapped or killed. A very good reason is that when people have a lot of personal information when a virus hits, that person knows everything you put on you. For example, I was watching a show on the Discovery Channel when a man hacked into a myspace account and used that person's name to try to create a cyder to the pentagon, that person almost got caught but never was. So you can see why my family doesn't like computers. My family is always on the farm or in the barn working, we don't have time to be on the internet, the only thing you need is schoolwork. What happened the old way, no computer, no problems.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, I have @ NUM1 reasons why the effects of computers have on people. First, computers are not good for your eyes. Second, the reason people use computers a lot. Third, there are so many games and places to go like myspace, facebook and even twitter and a lot more. Read on so I can tell you about my three reasons. First of all, computers are not good for your eyes because computers are like @ CAPS3 is something but not really because computer like more info and @ CAPS3 don't really have as much information you might be looking for. My second reason is that the more people are on computers, the more blind they can become just because they are on computers for an hour or more. Third, some people don't even dare if they are on a computer, they won't, they might think that just because they wear gas they won't become more blind, but they are wrong, they will become more blind. As you read on, you will discover my second reason for being on the computer too much. My second reason is that the reason people often use computers, people use computers just to do their taxes, but that's not good because just because you do your bills or your taxes, you get a lot of information that people in other country or state might get without your knowing it, second is that people or use computers to pay their bills or do their taxes, they also get on the 'computer to maybe order something or buy a ticket to fly to a place they want to go like a vacation spot or a business trip. my third reason is that they not only buy or order things but go to websites that will make their life better, like meeting someone special or something else. As you read on, you will discover my third reason for being in computers for too long. My third reason is that there are a lot of activities to do on the computer eg myspace, facebook and twitter are the most popular websites that people go to just to meet new people and talk. to old friends. In conclusion, people shouldn't be on computers too much because of their health and privacy and also to make sure they don't meet strange people.
In our society, computers play a big role. Some people think it improves our society and benefits the people of @ LOCATION1. Others think computers are harming the citizens of @ CAPS1. I believe that computers can change our society into another and can improve its use for people. Counters can benefit people by tracking hand-eye coordination, give people the opportunity to learn more about the world, and allow them to communicate with others. Computers can teach hand-eye coordination, which helps people work with their hands. One argument here is that computers are replacing exercise. For many @ CAPS2, a sport is their exercise and in every sport you need hand-eye coordination. Computers are not a substitute for improving people's ability to play for example being a goalie in any sport you need quick mentions and good hand eye coordination. A computer can help register more goals by increasing their hand-eye coordination. Having good hand-eye coordination can also save your life. If a knife was your world of human nature, tell yourself to cover your head with your hands. It would be you, if you had hand-eye coordination, you would step away from your body to avoid the knife. Computers help you physically, but they can also help you mentally. Computers can take you anywhere in the world without leaving your room. Computers can learn to deal with culture and life you didn't even know existed. The cahan @ CAPS1 cannot afford the luxury of seeing the world firsthand, computers allow these people to see the world from different points of view. If a student needed to know everything about a country, he could go to the internet and take a tour. A student couldn't go to the countryside so they went to the second computer base. They can want it with one click. Family, friends, and college kids are all people you need to talk to. Computers have made communication easy for everyone. You can now speak and see someone in the video chat. This benefits the company because if you talk to a business partner you can point to charts and tables that you have created. You may also see a love that you are missing. This is a different type of communication for each person. You can send emails, @ CAPS4, instant messages, etc. Communication connects people all over the world, it's a small world after all. Computers have taken our society to the next level. People can travel the world in a second, talk to anyone, and have hand-eye coordination. Computers are developing @ LOCATION2 maintenance is at the top. What would you choose?
Dear @ CAPS1, the people at @ CAPS2 are using technology. Many of them think it helps them and improves their ability to learn, others disagree. Personally, I think computers are an advantage but also a disadvantage. I say it can be an advantage because it gives people a chance to live beyond what they are learning. I say this is a disadvantage because a lot of people are on the computer and don't exercise a lot. There are advantages and disadvantages to computers, but manly disadvantages. How long do you stay on the computer? The folks at @ CAPS2 find computers more fun than going out and exercising. As technology advances, more and more people are buying computers. Many teens are spending more and more time on the computer, playing games and visiting their favorite websites. This is one of the reasons why children @ NUM1 years and older are obese. They don't exercise enough. It also makes people spend time with your friends and family. I know a lot of people enjoy spending time with their friends and family. But what if you're always on the computer and never make the time to go out with friends or family. Your friends may ask you to go to the park with them and you say no. Your friends will start to walk away from you. You might end up feeling lonely. Constantly being on the computer can ruin your life. If you choose the computer over other important things then I think we have a problem. Going on the computer all the time can be addictive. I don't think people realize it, but it is possible. I can take charge of your life. I say this because when you are addicted to anything it is hard to quit. It is possible to stop on your own but it is rare. Most of the time it's best to ask for help, I personally think you should take all of this reasoning into consideration.
Dear @ CAPS1, I am writing to inform you that I agree with the following said on the write prompt. First, I'll talk about how people overuse the computer. Second, I would talk about people who talk too much online. Lstly, I would say spend a lot of time on their computers. For starters, people who overuse computers. First, people like to go to things like myspace, second, people like to play games online. Finally, some people like to chat with others online. For example, if you go to the Soemones house, you will always see a young child or a parent online somewhere or playing gmaes online. In addition, people talk too much online. First, they're going to face book all the time. Second, they got a myspace where you can have your identity stolen. Finally, children love to go to myspace it's smae like myspace. for example, people can come to you and tell you if you have such and such and if i can get your email address. Of course, spending too much time on their computers is bad. First, kids can have trouble online and keep the problem getting worse. Second, maybe arguing with a friend. Finally, it may not be active but play live or go to other online websites. So @ CAPS1 have you started to agree with why people should be active outdoors and having fun. In conclusion, this is why I was okay with donut active because being on the computer all day would make it so difficult for you to be on the computer @ NUM1.
Computers should be for everyone! Don't you think ?, I think so. And this is how @ CAPS1 will convince you. Computers can basically be called a gateway to learning. The positive effects that computers have on people are that they teach hand-eye coordination, give people the opportunity to learn more about faraway places, and even allow people to talk online with other people. These great qualities that computers have for people are wonderful. Also the fact that computers keep upgrading over time. So, as you read this introduction, I hope you are happy with what I am going to do to show you that computers are positive devices and can be of use to anyone. First, as I started in my introductory paragraph, computers help teach people about hand-eye coordinates. I think that's a good thing to know because without it there isn't much you can do. For example piloting an airplane. You wouldn't be able to do this without the hand and eye coordinates, as you would have to manually move the plane and check if everything is in order by multitasking. Moreover, this is only one of the reasons that computers are positive for the good of all. Second, computers give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people. It is also good for the benefit of the people because there is knowledge in every element. Your learning about cultures, heritage, family history, etc., etc. It could also help you in the long run with any job you want to do, as knowledge can take you anywhere. It can take you a long way in life, so learn as much as you can, and I think computers can do it. This is another reason why computers can be positive. As to the last reason, I say people can also talk to other people online on the computer. It's also beneficial because, again, like I said in my paragraph @ NUM1, you can learn a lot this way and meet new people. Now don't you think that computers can benefit anyone ! I have and always will have the same positive opinion about computers. For my conclusion, I would like to say that I hope you enjoyed every part of what I had to say, and you can also agree with the positive effects that computers have on people. I truly believe that computers are good for everyone and should continue to exist. it benefits society, and I love using it every moment. Thank you.
Dear Diary, People still believe that today's technology, like computers, makes more and more people lazy and does not go out into the real world, like people who do not spend time with their family, become very unfit, as well as websites and @ CAPS1. who you talk to can put you in danger and you can hurt yourself. First, who wouldn't want to spend time with their family and find out about things that happened to them @ CAPS1 because they are too busy being on the computer instead of going camping with the family, going to a amusement park and also family gatherings. People who think computers are a useful thing to use but @ PERSON1 said "People @ CAPS1 learn much more easily from family of friends than from a computer. Second, people @ CAPS1 become @ CAPS2 because of computers instead of going for a walk or on a sunny day they sit in their room and sit on the computer and see virtual things instead of seeing things. @ CAPS1 proves who is sitting on the computer, them people you should play sport with are learning every day. Finally, @ CAPS1 @ CAPS3 who go on the computer and adults become because of talking to people you have never seen or have never seen. not really know. When you are turned on and someone and you live where you live, they can lie and you can take them seriously and meet them and that is how you can be killed or disappear. , the computer allows you to put photos and video s online and many teens and adults post very inappropriate images of these bodies on the internet and people should not see them. This, I am Keep in mind that if you or a family are still on the computer you have to say that you have to spend time with your family, you can become very unfit and you can risk being injured by things. people you don't know.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 I don't believe computers benefit society, I feel this because I have heard that some experts are concerned that people are spending too much time on their computers and less time doing unproductive things. The main reason I am against keeping computers handy is that the people who use them the most neglect their family as well as their friends. The second reason I am against keeping computers handy is that they take too long. Last but not least, I am against keeping computers handy because people spend too much time on computers and less time exercising. Now, let's talk about how people neglect their family and friends. Computers are very addicting so I can understand why people would neglect their loved ones for them, although I can understand why some people do, I don't think that's fair. I have a lot of friends who would rather be on facebook or myspace than hang out with me. The website mentioned above can really make you forget the reality. My friends will forget to interact with everyone just to spend time on the computer all day. The reasons listed above tell you why I think computers should be retired due to neglect of their purpose. Now, let's talk about all the time that is consumed by computer users. I believe that time is very precious and you should not waste it. So when I read that people were wasting time on the computer all day, I was very upset myself! Statistics show that the average teenager spends @ NUM1 hours per day on average on the internet, statistics also show that the average aldut spends about @ NUM2 @ NUM3 hours on the computer per day on average. When I read the statistics above, I realized that people spend too much time on the computer doing nothing. Now let's talk a little more about exercise. I know myself that too much time is spent on computers. By me knowing that I am aware of the fact that children do not exercise. Exercise is very important for a growing child, and if he does not get all the exercise he needs, it can cause health problems in the future. Statistics show that approximately @ PERCENT1 of children under @ NUM4 are obese. The reasons above tell you why I think exercise is more important than spending time on the computer. Now, let's finish this letter.
Dear @ CAPS1: People spend way too much time on computers. It is suitable for both children and adults. Just think of how much you can do on a computer, you can do it without a computer. This and people need to spend more time outside of the exhaling nature. Finally, some bad things can be posted and can happen online. I challenge you to name one thing that you can do on the computer that you cannot live without. You can't even name one. Think about it, you can search and find pictures in books and magazines. Instead of social networking sites, you can go to the person or if they are far away, you can call them or write them a letter. To know the news, you can read the newspaper or watch the news. If you like to use computer design programs, try drawing an actual image instead. Finally, if you download a lot of music, you can just have a cd or better yet go see the band live. Let's face it, you can't do anything on a computer that actually requires the computer. Artificial simulations are not suited to the real outdoors. On a computer all you can do is watch and even that is nothing compared to reality, it's just a snapshot of it. Outside you can enjoy the warm sun of the cool grass, you can smell the cool pine and the clean air. You can hear all the other creatures around you. Going out is better for you. Outdoors you exercise and vitamin @ CAPS2 while indoors you get fat lazy and sick. Can't you see how awesome the outdoors is? Computers can do more harm than good. They can show children inappropriate pictures and talk about inappropriate topics. They are now even using computers to sell illegal drugs. Children often use the Internet irresponsibly and for purposes that can disrupt friendships and put them in difficulty. The computer has also made it much easier for the kidnappers to find children and kidnap them. They do this by pretending to be the child's peer and then using the child's information, he will almost make a guaranteed kidnapping. It happens more and more frequently. The computer is not as useful as you might think. Computers are not really good for our society. They have no actual use that is not already supported. The cannot replace the real exterior. Finally, they can be easily used for evil or even illegal purposes. As you can see, computers should be used as much as they are used by the general public.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 a company to which we are very committed when it comes to advancements and inventions. One invention has had a great impact in the world and never ceases to amaze… it is the computer. This technology has so many benefits and positive effects on people that without it everyone would be amazed. For example, this device allows people to stay in touch using a common social network. In addition, specially designed computers can meet the specific needs of people. In addition, they allow you to deepen your knowledge. Therefore, computers have positive effects. Think of all the people you've emailed or instant messaged over the past week ... Your father, while he was away on business, your aunt and uncle who emailed you by e-mail pictures of their newborns, your camp friends ... The list can go on and on. Computers like @ CAPS2 or @ CAPS3 provide social networks like @ CAPS4, i-chat, video chat and more so you can stay in touch with family and friends. For example, in my life I use my @ CAPS5 to video chat with my sister, @ PERSON3, who is in her freshman year in college at @ LOCATION1. It's our way of keeping in touch instead of not seeing her for months or having to pay plane tickets every weekend to come down to see her. With the computer, keeping in touch with people in different cities, states or even hemispheres is a snap. However, computers also provide surfaces for people with medical needs. If someone has just been rushed to hospital for an emergency, computers will be used to monitor that person. @ PERCENT1 of hospitals nationwide say computers are essential in their facilities. For example, when my grandfather, @ PERSON2 was being treated at the @ CAPS6 hospital, computers were used to ensure that his heart rate, oxygen levels, and blood pressure were under control. What if something was wrong. the computer alerted the doctors. Therefore, computers are also a great help in the @ CAPS1 medical department. Finally, computers can expand his knowledge. There are thousands and thousands of websites; all of this can teach people different things. For example, if you are going on a trip to @ LOCATION2 and want to learn more about their culture before you go, you can just type it into your internet browser on your computer and bam ! You are now perfectly prepared for your vacation thanks to your computer. Also, in my life my professors assign research papers @ CAPS1 forcing us to find information on a topic. Maybe going to the library is not an option, how are you going to acquire the information? The answer is simple, go on the internet! Internet research is the best way to research among all colleges and universities. I recently received a project @ CAPS7 @ CAPS8 by my social studies teacher, @ PERSON1 where we were able to choose my community service topic and research it. Every student in my class has used the computer in one way or another for their project. Thus, computers can enable you to obtain information efficiently. In conclusion, computers offer an abundance of uses. The main ones include the ability to exchange messages with friends and family, medical assistance, and knowledge expansion. Now I think computers are helping @ CAPS1 as a positive technological breakthrough and its effect on people is pretty big.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3, @ CAPS4, do you think the computer has a positive or a negative effect on people ? I think it has a positive effect. There are several reasons for this. First, computers are used for education all over the world. Second, it helps us connect and meet new friends. Finally, you can use a computer for world news. As you can see, these are just a few reasons. First, computers are used for education all over the world. For example, some people use it to go to college online. Others use it to find information about things like Egypt, where we can't go. Second, it helps us connect and meet new friends. We can chat with our friends which is very helpful. If we need to know what an assignment was, we can just chat with a friend. Finally, you can use the computer to learn about world news. We can go and see if something serious has happened, such as the earthquake in Haiti. As you can see, these are just a few reasons why I think computers have a positive effect on us. Hope you agree with me.
Dear, @ PERSON1 I think computers are good for people it helps them find where they are good for people and also with '@ CAPS1' to show computer @ CAPS2 that you are going to look for a job that you have experience with computers get a good high paying job to get bigger @ CAPS2 you got older i know i had i got old i want to be a newbie in life i want to have a normal life even if not is normal also the computer is good it's look like even tell you how it has a five star one star @ NUM1 where you don't want to go. You prefer to go to the fire that's why a computer is so much better a computer tells you that I have a good hand @ NUM2 because if you make fingers if pots of people use computers my teachers use computers every day regularly they watch it send into computers and give them names. What I do my teachers' cmr's I is this computer This is what I think computers are good for people.
Dear @ CAPS1, don't you think nature is better than spending too much time in front of the computer? Well, generally speaking, I think so and I'll give you just three reasons. First of all, this is the percentage of obesity at @ LOCATION1. Second, you can spend a lot more time with your family. Finally, you can enjoy what nature has to offer. I think the great outdoors is the way to go because @ LOCATION1 needs exercise rather than spending time in front of the computer. Also because the percentage rate of obesity is progressing very high. As of @ DATE1, @ PERCENT1 are obese or overweight. Last year at @ DATE2 it was @ PERCENT2. Wow the rate has gone up like @ PERCENT3 every year. This information was online at www.tomatotalks.org. Another thing I would like to consider, spending more time with a family or even a friend is a good thing. All the statistics show that spending time with your family anywhere, especially at the dinner table, is a great way to talk about your child's problems at school, and also to learn from their parents' mistakes. Also share good laughs. Finally, the most important thing is what they will do for their future. Finally, you can enjoy the great outdoors and discover some of the most important creatures such as insects, reptiles and mammals. These creatures are the most important things in our life to learn. Also trees that also give us oxygen. Mother Nature has great benefits when your career is entirely devoted to science. Computers are educational, but nature is better!
People who worry about trouble on computers are right about a couple of things, but the good comes out as what is the military needs recruits for the military, they can display their ad on computers whatever. everyone will see, and what people who drop out of school and want a second chance can apply for school online. My last reason is that those people who have a hard time finding work are always looking for the best job for them on the internet. Read on to find out how the Internet is good for society. First, as the military is losing more and more soldiers in combat and trying to recruit people, it can post its ad on the Internet. Sure, they can mail it, but it would take forever for people to find out and learn about it. For example, they can post the ad on myspace and have thousands of people watch it within minutes. Finally, the Internet is a great way for the military to recruit soldiers. Following,
There are a lot of good things about computers. If we were to lose them, our lives would change drastically. You can use computers to exercise, so it's up to @ CAPS3 on the limits too. Finally, it can save lives Computers are great, if we were to lose them. There would be no more internet. you would not be able to talk to your friends on @ CAPS1 or via email. Cell phone prices are said to skyrocket. We would technically go back from @ NUM1 to @ NUM2 years. Finally, without computers, there would be more difficulties in large companies. Computers can help with exercise. One way is to find the nearest gyms on the Internet. We can figure out what is healthy to eat right away. You can also get one of these @ CAPS2 suitable for a computer. You can also find free workout videos. Then it should be up to @ CAPS3. It is their discretion if they see that the child is spending too much time on the computer and gaining weight, they can easily limit it. they can say that for an hour you have to do an hour of exercise on the computer. Finally, the computer can save lives. Before computers, medicine like the tylonal was used for everything. Stuffy nose, headaches, colds, etc. Now we can go to the computer to find out if the drug is dangerous. You can also find the nearest hospital. Finally, computers can do a lot of good, although it can make it less unhealthy if you spend too much time on it, it can save your life. It can also destroy businesses and our lives, @ CAPS3 can set limits and computers can be used for exercise. So while reading this essay, please don't take our computer
Would you not agree that spending time on the computer takes up half your life? Going to the computer can have a negative effect on you! Personally I think you benefit from not using the computer, @ CAPS1 gives you more time for your family, to get out and stay healthy ! Certainly, going on the computer will mean less time for exercising. For example, let's say you were on the computer for an hour, that hour could have been used to get out and stay in shape ! think about the choices here; you can either sit in a chair and play on the computer or have a good run and burn a ton of calls ! Statistics show that @ PERCENT1 of people who use a computer instead of exercising are at risk of health problems, including obesity. As you can clearly see, going to the computer is not really the healthiest choice. Most of the time, it is better to take a walk or enjoy nature than to go on a computer. A girl named @ PERSON1, from @ LOCATION1 "I love enjoying the beauty of the outdoors that god has given me, wish I knew this years ago when I was a lazy woman. If you look out the window to see this beautiful god created for us, you would like to go out there and enjoy @ CAPS1 ! Everyone wants to live like out there dying or in other words live life to the fullest ! To do this you have to see life and come out and experience @ CAPS1, not sitting on a computer ! Without a doubt, this world is beautiful and @ CAPS1 is worth seeing nature! Everyone knows family come first! For example, you might love the computer but that love shouldn't end one day, one night of @ DATE1, @ PERSON2 was on the computer and her mom called saying : "@ PERSON2 @ CAPS1's time for dinner ", @ PERSON2 ignored her mom and chose to go to the computer Now you really can't hang out with your friends and family because they are so important t ! I know with my heart and have seen that my family represents the world to me and that everyone has devoted more time to each member of the family, not to the computer ! Whether or not computers benefit society is now or never ! Without a computer, you could have so much free time for your friends and family if only you could imagine! Most importantly, @ CAPS1 will not only benefit you, but @ CAPS1 will mean a lot to your family, so what are you waiting for ? Get out of the computer and spend quality time with your family!
Do Computers Affect People? Do they have a good or a bad effect. Dear local newspaper, I agree that they have a good effect on people because you can learn from them, you can look at maps if you leave out the state there, good for talking to people online you can shop online. I don't think @ CAPS1 thinks adults spend too much time on computers than on exercise. Computers are a good way to learn about people and words, not just for playing games and listening to music, they are there for good use, you can search for restaurants and check their prices, @ LOCATION1 shows the site you can watch episodes of @ CAPS1 .V. watch online. I think computers are better than books and dictionaries because you can do it all on a computer. Some people think computers are a good thing to have because they are quick and easy. Some people think computers are a waste of their time. Computers are good because if you need to write a document you can type it and print it instead of having messy handwriting, computers are good if you are in a rush to research something, it's quick. Computers are useful for everything like books, stationery, websites, chatting with friends, web maps, music, games, etc., they have a good effect on people and children.
Dear local newspaper @ CAPS1, I agree that exercise ,. I think people exercise more and spend time with family and friends. The problem is whether more people sometimes spend less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends if the reverse is true. The number one reason I think people should spend more time exercising than on their computers is because I think you need to watch and watch the way they eat more and stay in shape. , because what is responsible for seeing their child eat, then exercise, then self. My second reason is that I think people should enjoy nature and then the computer. The reason I think it is because they would never know what is going on on the computer. How can you never do things. My third reason is to interact with friends and family. I think people should have their friends and family on the computer because by interacting with their friends and family you learn things you never knew back then and you can discover places you will never be. never sure to discover new things you never have your life. For example, while on vacation I did things about my family and friends which I never know why because of the people interacting I learned how really fun, interesting and happy they really are. Have fun where is the computer. Please don't live your life. It's now or never that people should be spending more or more time exercising. interact with family and friends.
Dear @ LOCATION1, @ CAPS1, can you imagine where the world would be without computers? Our everyday life would be boring and boring without new technologies. Computers help society perform various activities that would be impossible if we did not have computers. They give us the opportunity to learn at home, connect with other people, and be entertained. For these reasons our lives are easy and convenient, which the folks at @ CAPS2 strive to accomplish. The ability of the average person to learn has increased dramatically. It has gone from just being able to go to school, to different ways @ CAPS2 to increase your intelligence on the computer. Programs such as @ ORGANIZATION1, which teaches people to speak a language, are available on the computer. These programs are like going to school, but more accessible to the public. To further help the public, there are ways to get college degrees online. that how. Even if you go to school, a computer @ CAPS1 still helps you to be good at your job @ CAPS2 research sources are available on the computer and you love the web, a computer is a great place to have fun. However, people still think computers are good. They claim to be winning, on the other hand, the computer gives people a website to help them lose weight. They also say that people don't appreciate nature even though there are @ CAPS2 ways to enjoy it on the computer. Finally, it is stated that you do not. In conclusion, computers benefit us greatly and are good. New technologies are a good thing and should continue to develop because with the ability to communicate with people and have fun, a computer helps the general public. Please think about what I said and buy a computer!
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 Over the centuries, technology has never stopped evolving and improving the way we think. From the first simple phone in the @ DATE1 to today's touchscreen iphone. From horseback riding to driving extraordinary fast sports cars and hwlet trains. Advances in technology have proven that the sky's limit is the invention of airplanes. We even reached the moon and left our! Computers have become faster as well. Although more and more people are using one of our greatest technological advancements, computers, they believe it is not beneficial to society. I sincerely believe that computers benefit from this. They have the ability and are teaching us what appears to be information, secondly, they have made power a smaller place through communication. Finally, they even have the ability to locate missing persons. Computers are constantly helping society. They follow what technology to make life @ CAPS3. First of all, computers are a benefit to society because they have the capacity to teach us what appears to be endless information. Today when someone knows / wants a top spot it's usually about the light. This is because engines like @ ORGANIZATION1 have limits with a lot of information on the current topic. This not only made it possible to quit @ CAPS3, but also helped prepare for the tests for elementary school. Computers also for the average. From the bank to the powerpoint computer with everyone! For this reason, even older ones like @ PERSON1 find computers weird. Second, computers benefit society because they make the world smaller through communication. Sixty years ago he could relate to the. Today you can easily shoot a rectif in @ LOCATION2 from @ LOCATION1 in under ten seconds. Not only can you talk to grandma or grandpa, but you can even see them smile like kids can, like @ CAPS4. When there is one, they can always be wary. Finally, computers that benefit society have the ability to locate missing persons. The land quality record at @ LOCATION3. cries of mothers and children from which they come. It is from the computers that these families have been robbed. On many sites on the Internet, @ LOCATION3 has set up people locators. These locators let you write your name should disaster strike. Not just this family. All they had to do to me! Computers have even made our society. What movement could. In conclusion, I firmly believe that the computer society is due to the fact that computers contain a lot of information and programs, they have proven that the earth is a "small world after all" and they have made the world a safer place. It's because a lot of people buy computers, so why don't you buy one ?
Dear Diary, I am writing this letter to you, on the computers, in the hope that you will publish it. Above @ NUM1, the people at @ LOCATION1 have computers, but are they really healthy ? I don't think computers are a good thing. People spend too much time on it and less time extricating themselves, enjoying nature and above all, it is very dangerous. I don't think computers are a good thing because people don't exercise the way they do. Some people spend @ NUM2 hours out of @ NUM3 hours on computers, while others spend their entire lives there. People spend so much time on computers that they lose touch with the outside world. Since computers came out, obesity has increased. all people do is chat with other people and think "they don't need to know what I look like." They are sitting in front of the computer eating and eating. This is not healthy. I don't think computers are good too because they spend less time enjoying nature. This was before when I had some free time I could call a friend and ask him to walk with me somewhere and they would say "sure! Now they say" @ CAPS1 get on the computers and we can take a virtual walk. "It's not the same as a real walk with the wind on your face, the fresh smell, and all the animals, at least not being. Nature is a thing of beauty and if you don't like it, appreciate it, "will turn into something hideous. Nature was once the most peaceful, now think of the internet. I don't think computers are good because most importantly, they are dangerous. Little kids like me think they're grown up and go to computers & meet rapist, murderer, thieves, all children of criminals. Also, people send hurtful and violent things to everyone and if you are on the computer a lot of bad people can find you. Also, the military and @ ORGANIZATION1 keep computers secrets, but if you're smart enough you can hack it. Computers are not safe for anyone or anything. Well I told you my main reasons @ NUM4 why I think computers are not that great, they are not healthy emotionally or physically. People don't regret that they don't appreciate nature, and computers are very dangerous. All I can do is hope that you will publish my letter so that everyone can see my point of view and make their own decisions.
Dear Journalists, I think the effects computers have on us are good. You should agree. One of the reasons you should agree is that computers are like teachers. For example, you can check out websites that teach you all kinds of things like math. You can also attend a cyber school or take college courses online. Another reason you should agree with me is that on computers we can communicate more easily. On computers, you can send e-mail and use a webcam to talk to people. You can also have a facebook or myspace to chat and find out more about people. finally, computers are for our entertainment. On computers, there are many free games. Also online you can watch movies and listen to music. Finally, you can have fun creating games and stuff to share with everyone. Without computers, we wouldn't be able to do these things. I think that would suck really bad and tons would agree with me. That is why you should agree with me that we
People using computers are a good way for them to talk with distant relatives or friends, learn keyboarding skills, and research distant places. First, the wonderful technology that computers have is amazing. They can surf the web in milliseconds. It benefits people because if you were doing a research paper on China, there are many search engines that let you surf the web at blazing speed, and in no time you might have all the information you need. Scientists say that @ PERCENT1 of computer users have fast internet access, and they recommend it to other first-time buyers. The computer I use is a single computer which was customizable to my liking. I love to play games and edit videos, so I have an exceptional graphics car that has exceptional speeds for rendering videos. This allows me to play games and edit videos, and my @ NUM1 GB hard drive is capable of storing all of my programs and projects, for future use. Doing a lot of stuff on the computer can really help your hand-eye coordination. In fact, about @ PERCENT2 on the computer says that about using a computer. they had to type @ PERCENT3 faster than before. That's a pretty good number, but the average person could write @ NUM2 in what I have. I can type one this big in about @ NUM3 minutes because it has typed other @ NUM3s. Computers are a big part of my life and I still have time to do other things with my family and friends. The last thing computers help us chat with friends on is websites like facebook, myspace, and @ ORGANIZATION1. They all allow you to share with all your friends, and if needed you can chat with distant friends or relatives. It helps because if you haven't spoken to your cousin in a while, you can check in with him and talk about things. I have a cause that graduated from college and now teaches at @ LOCATION1, and when we get together we chat with him on @ ORGANIZATION1 and it's helpful because we haven't seen him in @ NUM5 years, and we all wanted to see what he was doing. He was also able to send us pictures which helped as we all missed his face. So, blazing speed to chat with distant relatives. These are key factors that show us that you can have fun on computers while still having time for your family and friends.
Dear local newspaper, Computers have a good effect on people in our community, from computers you can learn, talk to people from out of state or even county, you can also learn cornea eye -hand. There are several ways there are many ways there are ways there are ways IT can help you make money. One way to learn from computers is that students can go online and get information for their school projects by finding this information, it can help students get better grades. Students can also use the computer as a means of studying. There are educational computer games that children play and unknowingly learn and study for school. You can also use online courses. It might help people too because they don't have enough people to pay to go to classes. As you can see there are many ways to learn using a computer. The computer can also help you talk to people outside the state or country. It could help families stay connected when they live so far away from you. My cousin @ PERSON4 and my aunt @ CAPS1 math live at @ LOCATION1 and I hadn't met until @ DATE1, when they came down. @ CAPS3 that I have met them, I can keep them through the computer. Dr @ PERSON2 says: "@ CAPS2 is close to family and friends not only important to your health." by having computers we could talk to our parent and improve our health. When you get out of college, people let go of good friends because they might live in a different state. computers can help you stay connected with them. Finally, computers can help you with hand-eye coordination, when your hand-eye tilts because you're trying to type a word. and by pressing whatever key you want, you learn that. I even have special needs children who use the computer to help them learn the hand-eye cornea. there is a girl in my school named @ PERSON3 and helps her by letting her play games on the computer while in my class I had to help her pick up things, @ CAPS3 to eat and walk alone with her hands. His teaching assistant. Ms. @ PERSON1 says computer gaming has helped her. The effect computers have on society is good.
Hi, do you think that if you use computers too much, you will not exercise and enjoy outdoor nature while talking and playing with your friends and family because computers are needed for more needs? and one click can help a lot of people and can save lives and more advancements in technology become. We will all go forward as or help someone look for a need and you can always talk or chat with best friends or just your grandma. The computer can help you do your homework or teach someone to speak English and get started faster than a new job or store. more people and to make a lot of store and all that and well the computer is good for cooking food and making new resifs all with one click of mose.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 lately there has been a controversy over how computers affect people's lives. I believe the effects on people are negative. My main reasons for this argument are. The health of people and the well-being of users. Did you know that more than @ PERCENT1 of children and adolescents are obese @ NUM1 computers can contribute to this statistic. If a person eats unhealthy but sizes. They can still be in good shape, but if they go on the computer instead of working all that out. They get fat. This can be a serious problem. Being overweight carries many health risks like any other. It could also prevent a person from exercising. If they are overweight, their legs could be sore and a simple staircase could become a huge challenge. Do you want obesity rates? I think not. If you watch TV, you can imagine perfect families. We all know that no family is like that. The introduction of computers could spoil this fact even more. For example, my cousin was an outgoing friend. Now, because of the computers, it's an @ LOCATION1 that does nothing but play on the computer. He gets up and has breakfast. (The about), then play on the computer until lunch. He eats breakfast and starts playing again. After @ NUM2 to @ NUM3 more ways to play. He turns off the computer, jumps into his laptop all night. It greatly affects his family. They try to take it off but everything it does is online. He can't interact with his family and that has a huge effect on him. Even though he could get off and talk, one of the only ways to talk to him is through Facebook. Now because of this family is. We can easily avoid this by telling everyone these known facts. My final point for you is the welfare of teenage users, many of us have @ CAPS3 Facebook accounts. I have homework to do to use the Internet for facts and stories. @ CAPS3 I do it to go on facebook. If anyone reduces the effect of our ratings. If we are chatting on Facebook, we are doing our part. If we don't do our homework, we won't get a good grade. If we could less to other serious problems. Another thing is that you might need your computer to stay. It could be addicting and you could trust it "once to kill himself because he didn't have his computer". So @ CAPS2 you can see a lot of negative effects there on a computer user. This could lead to many problems in the future, such as health. family happiness. So spread the word for the good of thousands of people.
Dear local newspaper, I think computers are very useful to society. For example, millions of people, businesses and small businesses need computers to run their businesses optimally. Anyone who uses computers on a daily basis can confirm that they are very useful. In fact, computers are so useful that some schools are starting to take notice. I strongly recommend that you equip yourself with such useful and widely recognized technology. Did you know that many businesses and small businesses worth billions of dollars need the uses that a computer can provide? For example, my mom is the former district manager of the fast food company @ ORGANIZATION1. When she worked at the company, they gave her a laptop that she could only use for her job. It proves my point that businesses and small businesses need the functionality of a computer to run the business they run or work for smoothly. Computer technology has brought education to new ones. Some teachers (including mine, @ PERSON1) have taken the initiative to incorporate modern computer technology into their teaching. Classes have even been created in schools due to the popularity of computers. For example, in my school, a computer course (or, for short, for short) was created for children to understand the knowledge and skills that using a computer can give them in the real world. In my opinion, it's great that computers are integrated in so many places. Computers are used by millions of people every day. Such companies are companies like @ ORGANIZATION1 @ ORGANIZATION1 are starting to see the shine in the use of computers in their business. In fact, computers are so useful and useful that teachers have started to use computers in their classrooms. I hope it's not just me who sees the good that a computer brings, but everyone else than @ MOIS1 has taken a look at this letter.
Dear, to whom it is @ MONTH1, I am writing this to educate about how computers benefit society. I think computers aren't that great because people use certain websites. People use @ CAPS1 messaging and it is also a way to connect with others. I also think some people are addicted because you can search for someone or @ CAPS5. You find the best websites which may be inappropriate for users who use computers. Some computers are a bad education for some children who are trying to learn. The majority of children use computers to access the Internet. My first reason is that when people access the computer, they find websites that others are using. For example : @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3, @ ORGANIZATION1, ect. Lots of people use websites to check email. For example : @ ORGANIZATION2, @ LOCATION1L, @ CAPS4.mail, ect. My other reason people use websites is @ CAPS1 messaging. People are chasing @ CAPS1 messaging to connect with friends, family, and other people they don't know @ MONTH1. People say it's a faster connection with people than @ MONTH1 couldn't reach. For example: the person does not have a phone, the person does not live nearby, and the person lives in another city. I also think it's good research to browse people. For example, you know someone but you can't find that you can navigate. Another second is that people may be addicted. For example : they go to the website and they look at it over and over again. they don't stop using it until it is gone. Besides, people think it keeps them busy. For example, you don't have to do anything on the computer. Finally, you find the best websites which may be inappropriate for users. For example, you find a website but it is not suitable for minors. Only adults @ CAPS5 could watch. One more thing, computers are not a bad education. For example, you can learn proper websites that build muscle in the brain. My opinion is that I think computers benefit society because they mainly help you brainstorm and familiarize yourself with and learn more about websites.
Dear @ CAPS1 times, I am writing to you about the article recently written in your journal on computers. I believe they are a vital part of the world today because; you can find information to protect or publish articles in much less time than searching in books, you can get important updates and be entertained with just one click. My first reason was information on the internet. Suppose you were writing an article about ancient Egyptians and you had to know how to spell hiroglipics in a dictionary that would take a few minutes, online it would take about @ NUM1 seconds. Or if you wanted to know when @ ORGANIZATION1 passed away. It would take hours of scrubbing textbooks until you finally found it. on time, it may take you a little over a minute. The second reason I love computers is for updates. You can find out what happened in recent natural disasters or how your stock is doing. Computers also helped us in the recent election, and will continue to do so for a long time to come. The weather can always be found on time on the web for anyone in the world. It's a bad thing if you are planning a trip somewhere, which you can also do with a computer. My third and final reason is that it's hard to be bored on a computer. All over the web are cool games or funny videos. On the web there are @ NUM2 gaming sites and @ NUM3 sites with funny / weird / cool videos and pictures. Many other sites like Facebook allow you to share photos with your friends, family and loved ones. Or you can chat with complete strangers from all over the world. So the next time you need information, news, or are bored, go to your computer and have fun.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 has drawn my attention to the fact that people spend too much time on computers, and I agree because people spend so much time on computers that @ CAPS2 gets addicting, people don't not getting enough exercise and eyesight getting worse. So please keep reading my letter and i will tell you about computer side effects. Especially @ CAPS2 gets really addicting for a lot of people that they don't spend time with their family or siblings and some kids get so addicted that they come from school and start using the computer all day and don't study for a test or do homework. Now people spend so much time on the computer that they don't exercise or sport with their friends and sit all day and get lazy and fat just because of the computer. We just need the computer just to check @ CAPS3 and facebook like i do, but i just checked my facebook and played basketball. One of the biggest issues I think of is when you sit on the computer for too long and have a headache and ruin your eye site. So thank you for reading my letter and I hope you agree with me.
Dear, I firmly believe computers are great. There are a lot of great things you can do on computers. Many people say that computers have bad effects on people, such as not getting enough exercise and spending time with your family. I don't agree with that because let's say you have family in another city, town, or state. There is a website where you can webcam people all over the world with anyone so this is a good opportunity and it is also free and you can do it anytime and if you have a laptop n anywhere! My next reason is you can see places you have never seen before with direct images, like in the commercials when our family wants to go on vacation to a remote place and you don't know anything about it. You can go to the computer and search for the place and see what it is and also see what other people have said. Like if it's really hot or cold is it a good experience for the kids, whatever you want the computer has it. My last reason computers are good is because of studying, one thing that always happens is I leave my textbook at home. I can go to the computer and see what we have to do. You can also use the computer to study and learn easier ways to do something for any subject. The survey shows that @ PERCENT1 of children who study on computer pass the test and obtain a higher percentage of marks + @ NUM1. Also, if a kid is studying and doesn't know what a word is, I can search for it and find the definition and how to use it in a sentence. That's why I think computers are a great exercise for your well-being and your personality.
My opinion is that people spend too much time on computers and don't focus on their families. Another reason is that people won't do their homework if they focus on the computer. My third reason is that people won't like going out with their friends. These are my reasons now let me explain them. First, people will be focused on the computer and not on their families. They will be too computer focused and not have fun with their family and friends. People ignore their parents when they are on the computer. I know this because my sister goes to the computer and completely ignores my mom and dad when she talks to her. Please heed my advice or your kids will ignore you when you talk to them. @ PERCENT1 children go to the computer and ignore everything. Now I can move on to the next reason. Second, people focus too much on the computer not to do homework or schoolwork. If they don't do their homework, they might get bad grades on their report cards. If they get bad grades, they could fail the grading period and fall behind. Please listen or your child may be left behind. Now for my third reason. Third, people will not like to hang out with their friends. On the weekends you wouldn't want to be on the computer hanging out with your friends, have fun.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, I am writing to you today because I received a complaint that more and more people are using computers and exercising less. These concerned experts also say that people need to enjoy nature and interact more with family and friends. These @ MONTH1 experts are smart, but they are wrong. I'll tell you what they're wrong with. My first example is that people who use the computer a lot still exercise. Take the example of Twitter. The ocho-cinco footballer tweets all the time, but that doesn't mean he doesn't exercise. There are a lot of athletes who are on Twitter and they are in good shape. Most of the kids in my class, including me, have Facebook. Most of the children are in good shape. Just because they are often on the computer doesn't mean that they can't exercise. My second example is the computer effect. Students use the computer for many things. We use wikipedia for our projects and research on a person. Some schools know that one day they almost depend on computers. I remember when I lived in the country we never had to type anything unless it was a project. When I switched to @ CAPS3, I always type something. Even a draft, they want me to type. In country I would write my final draft. I have to use the computer. Schools also teach us the computer @ CAPS4 as we learn more and more on the computer, more and more we are on the computer. When someone. There he discovers a new website, which will tell his friends and forward it to @ CAPS4. My third example is how experts say people spend too much time on the computer and less time interacting with family and friends. My grandfather, my aunt, other family members have a facebook account. It means that I can still interact with my family and friends. People who are a lot of computers who are adults probably don't have families every night and probably hang out with friends every now and then. Computers also benefit society for the business people they might have at an outlet and they have a computer. When the experts say we need to enjoy nature, interact with family and friends, and do more FGC, they might be right, but we can do all of these things, but we can also use computers. If you take a survey in @ CAPS3 to see how many people are on the computer almost every day and then ask them how many of them exercise, you will find that you can do both.
Today, more than @ PERCENT1 of our population spends precious time on the computer every day. I agree that having a computer in your house is beneficial at the same time, but for me the disadvantages outweigh the advantages of spending too much time on a computer. Cons such as cyberbullying, illegal websites, criminals who use the internet to target days and interference that spending too much time on the computer has with your grades and other schoolwork. I think that most of the people affected by spending too much time on the computer are children. Most of the time, kids wear the exact name of the school, put down their backpacks and instead of sitting at the kitchen table or study area to do their homework, they sit down. right in front of the computer. So what happens to these homework? Usually this is not done. This lack of homework could make a huge drop on the average student. However, homework isn't the only school work the computer does. Even at school, children use the Internet on their cell phones. This is a huge distraction for the kids and usually ends with the kids not completing their assigned task. Not working is not the problem. Computer presents to children through. It also helps with bullying; Internet harassment. Many children are bullied and harassed in school, but then the bullying spread to the child's home by turning on the computer. Once home, a child may receive hurtful emails or instant messages. These hurtful @ MONTH1 posts do more than hurt someone, it can hurt their self-esteem and how they feel about themselves. Then, as if cyberbullying and not doing your homework weren't enough. there are also criminals on the computer. These criminals prey on children. They can find account passwords. They can find personal information on yoo due to the time spent on the computer each day. Once they know enough about you, they earn your trust and the problem only escalates from there. While many children are affected by the amount of time they spend at the computer each day, there are not the only ones. Adults are affected just as easily and just as easily. One thing that prompts adults to spend all their time on the computer is all the "good deals" they can find on the computer. But many of these great deals come from bogus or illegal websites. Websites that sell stolen goods. Then show you all the benefits of buying from them and then once you believe them and buy what they are selling they have all of your personal information. From them, you can end up with an empty bank account or even identity theft. Does this really sound like a "good deal ?" @ CAPS1 for me the disadvantages of having a computer definitely outweigh the advantages of having a computer. I think people should get away from the desk from the computer, get good grades, avoid bullying and criminals. Keep your bank accounts full and your identity safe. Instead, they should be spending time outdoors, with their family: or enjoying life!
Dear @ CAPS1, I believe that computers can be a very good thing to implement in society. First of all, if people never used computers, they would miss out on a huge opportunity to learn more about the world around them. Moreover, with computers, people can communicate with people all over the world. If people use computers more often, they are likely to develop the skills to seek employment opportunities in a much larger market. For this reason, computers can greatly help any community. Computers can provide many opportunities for exploring education. People can search for a large amount of information with a relatively small space instead of using a large area of books. People can find almost anything they want to know on the Internet relatively easily. If not just for learning but for reference. If someone is doing a project in a school. Computers can expand educational opportunities for many peoples. Second, the Internet can be used as a popular communication tool. Any document or piece of information can be transmitted from, for example, @ LOCATION2 to @ LOCATION1 @ CAPS2.C in seconds. Likewise, if two people are separated by a great distance, they can easily communicate since the invention of social networks, the people @ MONTH1 has lost sight of can easily meet again and discuss things. With computers, communication is getting faster and faster. Finally, due to a booming labor market, the use of the computer is becoming a requirement common to many professions. Most engineering-related jobs require the use of different modeling and drafting programs. In addition, most governments are now networked with files on computers. Also, most of the jobs related to any type of business require the person to be able to type quickly. Because many jobs require experience with computers, they should be part of any community. In conclusion, the experience with computers can benefit any person and the whole of society.
The computer affects the lives of people taking them away from their families and has NUM1 the reasons why the computer affects the lives of people. @ NUM2) They don't know what's going on outside. @ NUM3) Their family @ NUM1). Their work. Please listen to my reason why the computer effect lives on people ! My number one reason they don't know what's going on outside is because they're too busy on the computer. Their friends could have won something important and they wanted you to be theirs but no, they are so busy on the computer. They will miss getting out of nature or going out with friends. Like if they ran into one in a place and said they just meant they were on the computer all day. My second reason is their family. I said their family because they could miss a lot of things. Like a family reunion, a family vacation and many more. It's like a family member is injured and tries to call you but you don't pick up the phone because you were busy at the computer picking it up. You can lose your wife because of the computer because you forgot her birthday, she and her because you are on the stupid computer. About their children, what if they want to play, they don't have to do anything either? Say no because your computer. Their family will be renewed. My third and final reason is their work. They can lose their jobs because your missed job is because you are on the computer doing nothing because of the computer. If they lose their jobs they can pay for, they can't use their computers. They are going to be in their house without a light or a computer because they have too many of them and haven't paid attention to what is going on. They want to feel like they're not going to have their computer. Or the computer has pulled out and it doesn't have enough money to get electricity. These were all for no reasons. @ NUM2) they don't know what's going on outside. @ NUM3) their family @ NUM1) Their work. Thanks for listening to my reasons.
Today almost everyone in our society uses @ CAPS4 weather computers for research, playing games, or interacting with others. These are all positive things. Schools across the United States use computers from class @ NUM1 to online colleges. People take advantage of computers by doing anything and everything with them. @ CAPS2 anyone with a brain can think of computers as a positive element in today's society. First of all, computers are a positive thing because they can do almost anything for you. you can play on it and interact with others which is why the computer is able to do almost anything for you @ CAPS4 a good thing because if you need to work you can do it if you need research @ CAPS1 can do it and @ CAPS1 can help you with any subject. Why Playing Games Can Be Positive @ CAPS4 @ CAPS1 not only gives you a great hand-eye cord, but @ CAPS1 also trains your brain and can be a learning curve for young children. The reasons why, by interacting through the @ CAPS4 computer, you learn to be and speak by e-mail for business and that many @ CAPS2 enjoy using your brain and this computer in our society today. hui. @ CAPS2 to continue, Americans are the smartest people in this world and our good. I @ CAPS3 must love you and that is @ CAPS4 why we send each one of them to the @ NUM2 school every year. Having said that, they use computers to say computers are bad what you like to do during this time. Doing this by using computers and enjoying your life. @ CAPS2 because you can see that computers are a thing for good and can benefit daily life @ CAPS2 Please for your good, please use computers and enjoy your life. It's for your own good.
Dear @ LOCATION1, I believe that computers benefit society. Computers are useful in many ways, but the main reasons for @ NUM1 are that they help us store important documents, better master or learn a foreign language, and obtain information. So, without further ado, here's some more reasoning. First of all, computers help us store a lot of documents without the computer companies that involve auctions and many other things having to store everything in filing cabinets. It would take forever and there wouldn't be enough room, so a lot of @ CAPS1 files would hang out everywhere @ CAPS1 thought about them. You use computers to get the store to send your newspaper articles and without computers you wouldn't be able to keep everyone in the know. Second, they help to use learning to improve oneself in foreign languages. Computers help to learn what others are saying in other countries of the world. As I have my grandmother, she learned Spanish. Now I can talk to her and she can understand me. Finally, computers help to obtain information. They help us to obtain information for a project at school, management of files, etc. In year @ DATE1 people don't have computers, but when the first router was created the people I have increased by @ NUM2 points. Farmers became slaves got very wealthy and I'm even joking with the graduation sticking at the age of @ NUM3. So before you say that people are spending too much time on their computers and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends, think about what computers do for us. @ CAPS1 thinks. So more computers benefit us a lot. There are storage devices that help us to improve a lot by learning a foreign language and obtaining information. So please make the right choice and think about what computers are doing for us.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3, I think computers play a big role in monern city. For this reason, I think @ CAPS4 should take advantage of @ CAPS4. @ CAPS4 could do a lot of things. @ CAPS4 could use it for @ linked CAPS7 @ CAPS6 @ CAPS4 could use it for @ CAPS5 @ CAPS6. @ CAPS4 could also chat online. @ CAPS4 could use it for @ CAPS7 linked to @ CAPS6. Like homework and projects. @ CAPS4 could use it for information about a project or an assignment. @ CAPS4 could use it for @ CAPS8, @ CAPS9 and @ CAPS10. and many more reasons why @ CAPS4 should have @ CAPS12 for @ CAPS7. @ CAPS4 could use the computers for @ CAPS5 @ CAPS6. Like making holiday and birthday cards. Pay morgiges bills online. @ CAPS4 could book a hotel online. @ CAPS4 could play on or with online games. @ CAPS4 used to bid on ebay or amazon. Pay long distance bills. @ ORGANIZATION1 the @ CAPS13 if you missed it. Or just @ ORGANIZATION1 usually shows. @ CAPS4 could use it to chat online. Like sending emails or talking on ooVoo. This is why @ CAPS4 should take advantage of it.
Dear Diary, In my opinion, I believe that computers benefit society. One of the reasons is that people can learn new things, it makes life a little easier than it is, and finally people can meet new people while they are on the computer. . First of all, we can take advantage of computers because we can learn new things. People can find places they've never heard of, or they can see what's going on in the world. Computers can help school children who want to learn new things. Computers help you find important information that you might need in the future. Second, having computers in our society can make life a little easier for some people. On computers, you can order things from online websites instead of trying to buy them. For people without transportation, this will help make their life a little easier than it is. Or, for example, if a person wants to buy something that isn't in the store yet, they can go online, and they could have it there. Finally, having computers can help you meet new people. If someone has just moved from another city or state, it will help them meet new people. Or if a student doesn't know anyone from their new school, they can find them online and get to know each other. In conclusion, computers help our society in many ways. They can help us learn new things, we can all meet new people. and computers can make our lives a little easier. That's why I think we should keep computers in our society.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3 a world where no information could be recorded so that the whole world can observe a place without communication with its relatives or friends ; or a life with no possible means of learning from disasters on the other side of the earth. Obviously, a life without computers is utter chaos. Computers provide education and keep in touch with friends and family. I am sure our world is benefiting greatly from this mericle. Medicine, @ CAPS4, @ CAPS5 Building and revolutionizing our lives has been made possible by computers. @ PERSON1 is an old friend of the family. He was one of the few people to work on the moon for the very first time. They were amazed at what their astronauts saw. But computers have made the experience a reality. @ PERSON1 recalled receiving some of the first images of the moon on his computer, before the photographs and video were made public. However, @ PERSON1 isn't the only person who agrees. Johnson, principal of a private school at @ LOCATION1, after winning the best school award at @ LOCATION1, says that @ PERCENT1 of our education comes from computers. We encourage our students to get involved in technology. These are the people who move forward to make the best medicine cars and computers. Our students are all beneficial to our world today. ”@ CAPS6 is content with less for the education of our children ? In the midst of a tragedy ; facing a difficult decision ; or even just alone, aspiring to someone to rely on ; who do you turn to first ? your loved ones, they are always there for you when you need them. Now, thanks to our access to computers whether across the world or just on the other end of the block. We will always be in touch with those we love. @ PERSON2, my friend, found out that her aunt was diagnosed with cancer last year. However, she was in a boarding school in @ LOCATION2 when her aunt needed her support. Instead, she was with her every step of the way on webcam, email and @ CAPS7. She could even contact her doctors to see her condition afterwards. Her aunt defeated the cancer with her beautiful and lives happy.With only @ NUM1 chance to live, @PE RSON2 gave her the support she needed through the most difficult @ CAPS2. see the positive effects of staying in touch. rcos, a family therapist says @ NUM2 happy families keep in touch after separating via the internet. " @ CAPS8 Could someone leave behind those you care about most ? @ CAPS3 a world with a comprehensive education that our kids can enjoy and a place we can stay with each other all the time, that's the world we live in.
@ ORGANIZATION1, @ DATE1, people exercise less and don't enjoy the great outdoors. These are people who spend less time with family and friends. I say its computers ! "This machine is a great resource, but people are starting to get hooked on it. We need to message these people. Yesterday I went to my local library and found @ NUM1 computers in the library. All the computers were full of people and, a queue with @ NUM2 people ready to continue. I ask these @ NUM2 people "why were they there ?" "for homework," said one teenager. “just to come and paly.” I also ask, “How do they stay fit ?” “I don't like the @ CAPS1 fit, ” the lovely lady said. “Cutting @ CAPS1 isn't easy if you're still on the computer,” the teenager said. The response I got from these people was amazing. If we don't stay fit how are we going to survive all these diseases and cancers. This reason maybe has to do with @ CAPS1 fit. I don't know about you but I care about my family, I would never spend the rest of my life in front of a computer instead of my loved ones. In the, I was surprised to find that projects, homework and research take up half of your time, with your family. Do the computer, you can find a beach resort for you and your friends, and fanatically you can't do it for more than a few minutes. Large exterior doors should be one of the best places to be. because he quit, it's amazing and it's a great area. If you are watching outside on a computer, now is the time that you could have been with a family member in the country or elsewhere. My dad says it's great to be able to experience it. The days are getting shorter, let's live like this. "
Dear local newspaper, I agree that computers have an effect on people. It helps people learn hand-eye coordination, gives people the opportunity to learn from distant places, and you can talk online with other people. Computers teach hand-eye coordination. As @ CAPS1 grows, they learn the letters of the alphabet and how to spell. There are many programs online that teach @ CAPS1 how to type. Once @ CAPS1 learn to type, eventually they type quickly. Computers help @ CAPS1 of the future to learn and with all these learning websites @ CAPS1 will be able to teach them to solve new things. Isn't it a blessing to be able to meet people from afar? You will learn about cultures there. Would you like to know something? They go around every day, will you? Well, learning a new culture is a faster way to make friends. Have you logged in. Someday I'll meet people who don't just want to be friends, maybe more than that. Be positive about online chat or online dating services. As you can see for my reasons above, the computer has an effect on people. The computer teaches you hand-eye coordination, it also gives you the opportunity to learn about distant places and people, and it allows you to chat with other people online. Make sure you stay positive and be safe on computers.
@ ORGANIZATION1, The computer is very beneficial to me. I say this because if it weren't for @ CAPS4 the computers, we wouldn't have as much knowledge about other countries as we do now. Also because it is another source of communication. Another reason is that the computer helps children do their jobs faster. I hope after reading this you will think the same as me about computers. First of all, the computer helps people find out what is going on with people in other islands. Example @ CAPS4 you heard about the @ CAPS1 happening in @ LOCATION1 from the TV But what if you wanted to get more info about it. All you had to do is type it in and it gives you a lot of information. It also shows what other places are like and how people are dealing with it all. Another example is communication. The computer allowed people to have a conversation without a phone or being in person. It helps people a lot because not everyone likes to be on the phone all day (me) for their communication. You can also go to the website @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3 or other places to talk to your friends. Some people prefer to have pen pals. A pen pal is a way to communicate with someone you never have and from another country, plus you have @ NUM1 reasons on how you can communicate from your computers. My second reason computers are beneficial is that they get by with their @ CAPS4 methods, for example, let's just say you need to find definitions, instead of looking up the word in the dictionary you can just type in the definition. Also if you have to do in the story you can go to the computer and find out about it. So I hope you take into account that computers are a great company @ CAPS4.
Dear to whom this concerns @ MONTH1, @ CAPS1 is called @ PERSON1, and I think computers are bad for society. Computers were the big difference when comparing @ NUM1 to @ NUM2 centuries. People have come to rely too much on computers. Global communication has not been very helpful and people are spending hours on their computers every day instead of exercising. Overall, I think society would be better off without computers. At the end of @ DATE1 before the millennium came, everyone feared what was called @ NUM3. The year 2000 would be supposed to be the time when all the computers would shut down and stop working. Computers were in their early days for the company, so everyone thought they were great. People panicked that their precious computers were not working. The entire nation had become dependent on computers. Everyone hid in attics and basements while waiting for the end of the world. Do you know what happened? The sun came up the next day and everyone logged in to their emails with a sigh of relief. Not only a relief for the world that does not end, but for the life of computers to continue. People still rely on computers as much today. I recently visited @ LOCATION1 and in a rest everywhere they even had their laptop that they had to take with them everywhere. In conclusion, @ CAPS2 is in dire straits with how much it depends on computers. A quick instinct is to say communication when explaining why humans need computers. Why is that? We have phones. Are there national TV channels? We have a lot of means of communication, for example writing a letter to someone? Communication wouldn't be a problem in fact, it mainly caused problems. Computers and the Internet allow news to spread quickly even if it is not free, damaging someone's career and publicity. They also allow communication with foreign countries. Excessive communication that can lead countries to wars. Normally the @ LOCATION3 would have no idea what is going on, but with the Internet the nation gets involved quickly. Computers are reproducing and you can easily communicate in other ways with your family and friends. Since I was a teenager I have also known about the problems with young people and computers. Often, children don't want to go out and sit indoors on the computer. Obesity is a growing problem at @ LOCATION2 and kids need to exercise. Children also don't like trips like camping trips because they don't want to leave their computers. Without computers, children would exercise more and be less overweight. Now you have seen @ CAPS1 reason that society would be much better off if it weren't for computers.
Dear local newspaper, I think computers are used way too much in this society! People spend more hours sitting at the computer than exercising because people find spending more time with computers than on treadmills more exciting ! People in this society think we spend too much time on computers, while others don't realize how long they've been staring at a screen ! I am one of those people who enjoy using the computer a lot, but I am aware of the changes. I can tell many others and spend too much time with the computer screen that we have moved away from our family ! I never really thought about how much I stop talking to them because I'm too busy chatting online with friends. Although, I don't think we should get the computer either. Online we can search almost anything in the world. I can even type my name in a search bar and find myself and anyone else with the same name as me! The Internet has become more technical in recent years. Without it, pretty much everyone today would be lost! The internet should be used less for blogging and chatting, and should be used more for more useful things like @ CAPS1.com or @ CAPS2.com. Hope you are considering this.
I believe that computers are a great help to society. I believe @ CAPS3 when you don't know @ CAPS1 something you can check out online. Also, if you are too sick or have no time to go out and buy the things you need in the stores, you can buy it online and have it @ CAPS7 right at your doorstep. . My last reason is that computers can save paper by having a lot of documents on your computer. My first reason was if you don't know @ CAPS1 something, you can search for it. You could often watch @ CAPS1.V. or talk with someone and you @ CAPS4 wondering what something is or means. @ CAPS6 instead of just letting what you know @ CAPS1 just pass on, you can search for it on a computer and educate yourself and possibly others. My next reason was if you are too sick or don't have time to go out and buy the things you need in the stores you can buy it online and have it @ CAPS7 straight at your door. This is a great help for people who are too sick @ CAPS3 sometimes they are @ CAPS6 said they can '@ CAPS1 stay home @ CAPS6 instead of starving they can have food or whatever it's @ CAPS7 for them if they just click a few buttons on the computer. Now it might also help people who are too busy hit the @ CAPS3 stores right before they leave they might press some buttons and when they get home stuff is sitting there for you. Back when my dad was a @ CAPS2 and my mom was vice president of a drug company that sold oxy-cofin, they had to have a @ CAPS5 grocery store to ship food to our house. They had to make this happen @ CAPS3 they @ CAPS4 worked long hours and they didn't @ CAPS1 had time to go to the grocery store @ CAPS5 @ CAPS6 they had the food @ CAPS7 with us which was a great help. My last and final reason is that computers can help save a lot of trees and paper. A great thing now is that we have to go green on the right, @ CAPS6 instead of cutting down more trees we can just have it all on our computer that does @ CAPS1 us any paper. These are just a few of the reasons why computers are an aid to society. I could come up with many more ideas, but @ CAPS1 can only fit them into this story, @ CAPS6 finally remembers that entire lives are on their computers.
Using computers is great for everyone. Using a computer can help you learn more about different people around the world. You can also have the option of talking to people. With a computer, you can also learn about places all over @ LOCATION1 and around the world. With a computer, anyone can learn about people anywhere. If you go on vacation somewhere at @ LOCATION2, you might find out more about what these people are up to. You can also see what people your age are doing for a living. If you were to do a school project on a location outside of @ LOCATION1, the computer would help you a lot. You can research what they are wearing and what days these people are celebrating. Getting to know people will help you make new friends. if a foreign person comes to your school, you can research their culture and talk about it. While using a computer, you can also talk to people. With the use of @ CAPS1 or AIM, you can easily talk to your friends. You can ask them what homework you had if you weren't in high school. You can also become best friends with people you don't know by saying hello or telling them how your day was. You can also send an email. If you meet someone you befriended on vacation, you can email them. You can also check out websites where you can talk to people from other countries. If you have a webcam, you can even video chat and ask them about their country or what they like. You can also video chat with all your friends. Using a computer, you can explore places around the world. If you went to a place you didn't know you might be looking for some amazing restaurants, you can also look for some fun things to do with the family. If you needed to do a project, you could research the weather and what people are doing. if you wanted to help a country that has just suffered an earthquake or a hurricane, you could find out what you could do to help that country. These three reasons explain why computers are essential to people. You can learn about different people, talk to your friends, and search and discover different places in the world.
@ ORGANIZATION1, The dilemma over computers should be noticed. People have to realize that computers are one of the greatest inventions we have in our time, but in my opinion people take this as an advantage and use them for purposes they shouldn't be used for. . Computers are not intended for playing games or constantly sending instant messages. They are intended for learning purposes and for work or school. Why do people use computers for things they don't need? People use computers for fun ! They send instant messages, listen to music, go to @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 or @ CAPS3. People also use @ CAPS4 and play games on unknown websites. Computers aren't made for that, they're for school and work. @ ORGANIZATION2, word, @ ORGANIZATION2 and powerpoint, if computers were used for these purposes, people wouldn't be the way they are today. In @ LOCATION1, the computer is very popular, people absolutely love it ! But these people are the ones who are hostile, mean and sad. They are also incredibly out of shape. I know so many people who use computers instead of doing homework and getting outdoors. They are so independent that they do it when they come home from school to eat and play on the computer. I find it hard to understand why they are doing this, but I guess they feel like they have nothing better to do. I also know people who use the computer well and they are very happy people. They also have so much knowledge and there is never a boring conversation between them. These people use the computer everyday but they only use it properly for and they are just very smart and get good grades in school! Basically what I'm trying to say is that the people who use the computer are successful in everything they do because they know how to use and understand the computer, but the people who use it the wrong way will just be unhappy because they don't know much, they have average grades, and they are in poor health.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, computers are a great way to learn more about the world and its people. Computers can teach people things that are foreign to them. Computers keep people in touch all over the world. Computers are also useful when something needs to be looked for immediately. Computers are very useful when it comes to learning. They can teach you things that most books cannot, such as hand-eye coordination, as well as current populations of countries and cities. Plus, computers give you the ability to see photos of places and people that you couldn't find in books, photo albums, or newspapers. They also help in schools when projects are awarded. Children can use computers to quickly find the information they need. Children can also use the computer to write essays or print pictures for projects. Computers are definitely a staple for learning and education. Computers are also great for communication. People can chat with each other on networking sites such as @ CAPS1, facebook, myspace and twitter. On these sites, people can message their friends to let them know about something or chat with their friends to see what to keep in touch with their family and friends, on the computer. Family members can send emails to each other to let them know of an event or news. I actually had an experience with the email which was very helpful to my family and I had talked about traveling to Block Island and two days before we left we got an email from the owner of the house where we were going to stand by declaring that all the telephone lines were cut and part of the house was ruined by a storm. If it hadn't been for computers, we would have been in a sick situation. Computers are also useful in times of need or confusion. People can check their local weather forecasts to see if the weather will affect their plans. Plus, if someone doesn't know where a house or store is located, they can quickly search for it on the computer. Finally, if something isn't available in a store, people can buy it online and buy what they need, and have it fashioned on their doorstep. Computers have helped this country to grow and prosper. Why bother to confront them when they benefit society so much? Computers help the world become a better educated, connected and informed world.
The subject that concerns many people in our country is: " Are computers good or bad for our students ?" " @ CAPS1 evolved from desktop, and before that, editors of characters, but are they gone too far ? While a blank computer screen @ MONTH1 distracts some, the pros define the cons in a situation like this. Being able to have faster searches, easier communications, and wartime computers are great capabilities of the modern computer. In addition, due to technological advancement, computers are very useful as they help @ LOCATION4 in our daily life. Many doubts about the computer exist, but the computer can overcome them all. In a crisis situation like middle or high school, speed is everything. Computers allow students to search faster and more accurately by being able to search for key words. Previously, students had to go through the painstaking process of researching books. Most of the time they couldn't find what they were looking for, but with the modern age, students can quickly get the information they need. Plus, having computers in the classroom helps teachers get the information they need for an upcoming class. If speed is what you need, then you will be looking for a computer. Apart from speed, another great thing about computers is communication. With emails, @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3, @ CAPS4 and blogging, it's just one click to find out what your friends are up to later ! It's much easier than calling the person. Having that access to friends can also help when one is walking away. If you miss a long lost friend or cousin, just search for their name and you can talk to them ! Having such close friends can really make every life better. In @ LOCATION3 or @ LOCATION1, soldiers rely on computers for valuable information ; like radars or robots. Having computers do the “ dirty work ” can help in wartime and can save precious lives. Not having these computers would mean certain death for some people in the armed forces @ LOCATION4. Computers sometimes take the place of humans in things like @ ORGANIZATION1, or unmanned aerial vehicles, and in many lives as well. Whether it's Facebook or the bombings, computers help vitally. It was @ DATE1 and the communist regime of @ PERSON1 was running the new @ LOCATION2. A man stood in front of a tank, refusing to move, showing courage and wanting democracy. Fortunately, all of this was filmed. How was it distributed to the world? Computer and Internet use. Today, many people are able to learn this from computers. In many ways, computers help @ LOCATION4 in our daily life and for most of @ LOCATION4, without them we would be lost.
Nowadays, most people live on the computer. Whether for business or pleasure, everyone uses a computer. In a recent study, researchers determined that the average person spends @ NUM1 years of their life on the computer. That's a total of @ NUM1 years of life lost. Most kids spend all day on the computer on @ CAPS1, facebook, @ CAPS2 and youtube. They could use this time to be with family and friends and create memories. Kids don't realize how short life is, they should be hiking, camping, spending time with friends and family. I think years from now when the kids become adults, they will look back and regret not spending more time with their families, or seizing the opportunity to explore the world we live in. Instead, they'll look back and think of a youtube video that has gotten over a million hits. Also, as you @ MONTH1 know childhood obesity is on the rise, more children are overweight than there are then and in good health. If you look back before computers, you will notice that you will rarely see an overweight child. The computer is to blame for this new epidemic. Children should be outdoors, playing sports and getting fresh air. I bet if computers were retired for @ NUM3 years the changes in health would be drastic. The children would be healthy and would have lost weight. I hope everyone can see the harmful effects of the computer by reading this, and they get rid of this poison item.
Dear Diary, @ CAPS1 you @ MONTH1 know that a lot of people are now constantly on the computer, and a lot of people think this is a problem. Well you should know that the computer is useful in many ways like learning @ CAPS1, entertainment and even weight. These are just a few of the hundreds of different things there is to do. The computer can help you come into contact with realities that you have not seen for a long time. Or maybe if you've had any health issues you can go online to see what's wrong, I remember my mom got really dizzy and sick, and her doctor told her it's okay. , but it was not. So my mom checked the computer to see what was wrong and found out that she had a disease, and when she went back to the doctors, they figured out that she really did and that she was taking a drug. In my opinion, the computer was one of the best inventions made. It can be used for so many things, you can also buy items on the computer. So now I hope you agree with my opinion and support the use of the computer.
Dear Diary, @ CAPS1, you see, owning a computer can affect you. Having a computer can make you behave lazy, can @ CAPS2 get you indoors, and @ CAPS2 can make you indoors so you don't hang out with family and friends. Everyone loves having a computer, but have you ever thought about what it can do for you? Spending all day or even half of your day on the computer will make you lazy. When you are lazy or get lazy you don't want to do anything and without doing anything you can become overweight. So you need to exercise because it is good for you and exercise can protect you from health issues like @ CAPS1 diebities. Get off your computer and go for a walk. Why would anyone want to be indoors on a computer when you can enjoy what nature has. Being so drawn to your computer can @ CAPS2 get you inside instead of breathing the fresh, clean air that is outside. Being outdoors can also be a lot of fun. You can go swimming or even have a picnic at your local park. When you are outside you can also see all the breathtaking landscapes, wild animals and exotic plants and flowers that live among us. If you just go out for at least an hour a day, you'll see how much better it is than being on a computer. Staying too long on the computer can keep you from @ CAPS2 of what really matters, your friends and family. Why talk to a friend on the internet when you can meet them and do something fun ? Friends and family are really important and if you don't spend time with them they can get upset. Being with friends and family is supposed to be the best time of your life, so don't spend them on the computer. Go call a friend and do something fun, hope now you understand that being on the computer or having one is not the best idea. Having a computer can make you lazy, @ CAPS2 keeps you from enjoying nature and keeps you from spending time with family and friends. If everyone leaves the computer for at least an hour a day, they will live happier, healthier lives. So turn off your computer, get out of your couch and enjoy your life.
Technology is developing and changing rapidly. Just look at the new @ CAPS1, a compact touchscreen computer. Computers have also evolved rapidly. But I think @ CAPS2 needs to reduce the use of electronics. Being at the computer for a long, long time can damage your eyesight, give you osteoarthritis, and take time to exercise @ CAPS5 ; one of the things manhy @ CAPS2 needs to do. Many @ CAPS2 have spent too much time on the computer, although it can be very helpful, it can also be very damaging to your eyesight, many people have spent a lot of time looking at the computer screen. If you walk on something for too long it can damage your eyesight and make it worse because you are trying @ CAPS5 on your ocular lens. In addition, computer lighting is very harmful to your eyes. The light shining on your eyes is like looking at the sun but is not as damaging. The sun will instantly damage your eyes while over time a computer will slowly damage your eyesight. If your eyesight is already damaged, a computer will make it worse. The more time you spend on a computer, the more damage you damage your vision. Since your eyes are already bad, you might think, " Well, they can't be worse ." @ CAPS5 the truth is that they can not only be light and time spent on the computer damaging people with @ NUM1 vision, but even more damaging people without. can be genetic or common to people who have their joints constantly. It can also be common in people who spend too much time on the computer. AIM is very popular with people of all ages. It's a way to gossip or chat instantly with friends. But it takes a lot of typing. Typing for too long or too much can cause your fingers to jam, making it harder for your bones to move over your joints without pain. if this consistency happens to you you could be a candidate for arthrightus. Not letting your fingers take a break can also be one of the reasons your fingers hurt, if you never let them take a break they can get stuck as well and it can be very painful. You should spend less time on the computer if you don't want an intrightus. Because of all this new technology, fewer @ CAPS2 are going out and playing or going to the gym and exercising. Let @ MONTH1 be a lot of overweight @ CAPS2. Being on the computer for too long takes time that you could use for exercise or fresh air.
I think a computer is a good idea because when people are online they like to talk to their families and see them through the video camera. When you don't want to go out or just go online and pay us. Would you like to be no because when you watch a movie you love you say to yourself oh "go clean your room" and you say to yourself "oh wait this movie is good". The computer is the best system to go online with the whole body using a computer. Without a computer how are you cheaking your yahoo @ CAPS1. My mom loves being on @ CAPS2. How are you going to check your post if you don't know how to have a computer. If they make computers available, everyone will try to make one. and the folks at Walmart are going to be like they make more money than me, I like people from but buy they have good computers. no one should force people to take them offline. Apple store has when people go to buy computers. When they spend all of their time on the internet it's because they love to be online. If I just like it, you're not going to take the computers and say you're looking for more in the computer. But do all computers fight when your mom is boring at home, go computer when you get the money.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ ORGANIZATION2, I believe that computers have a positive effect on the people who use them. Because they teach hand-eye coordination, they give us the opportunity to learn about distant people and places and allow us to chat with people online. @ CAPS3 The first reason I think computers have a positive effect on people is because they teach hand-eye coordination. For example, we need to use our hand-eye coordination skills when we type @ CAPS2 the letters. It helps us to increase our hand-eye coordination as it helps us to think about the letters we type, @ CAPS2 to the letters on the keyboard and to push them. Also, when we type long passages it increases our hand-eye coordination as we get used to writing the long paragraphs and become familiar with the placement of letters on the keyboard and our speed increases, which means we can do more work in a shorter time. time. Believe it or not, @ PERSON1 free from hospital @ ORGANIZATION1 responded to a survey which showed that @ NUM1 people who type essays instead of writing them by hand have a greater ability for hand-eye coordination . Computers also allow us to learn more about people and places far away. For example, computers make it easier to find people and distant places. Using a computer can help us understand and know people and places without going to the library. Computers also allow us to @ CAPS2 us at @ CAPS2 for more information on recent events that have taken place around the world. Plus, computers make it quicker to find topics, as finding a book in these large libraries can be stressful, if not difficult. In addition, information on a computer can never be retrieved or is not available like library books. Finally, you have information at your fingertips so you never have to leave your home, @ CAPS3 last reason is that computers allow us to chat online with other people. It can help us because it allows us to talk to friends and family members all over the world. It also helps us talk to our parents if they are away or if you are on a camping trip. Chatting on a computer is a great way to befriend people you don't know and block people you don't want to talk to each other. So, in a sense, you can control your friendships and who you are friends with. Computers are the biggest technological advance since the wheel and they have helped so many people.
Dear, @ CAPS1 paper @ CAPS2 Computers we have benefit our society because they make people smarter, it's a way to talk to people who live far away from you, and it's a great way to do his homework if you are still in school. Having a computer is a great way to get smarter. You can check out different websites to help you find out what is blocking you in school. I remember the time I had math problems so my teacher gave me this website called @ ORGANIZATION1. You need help and you get a live tutor. The computer could teach babies to speak. He taught my cousin to speak and he is @ NUM1 @ NUM1 / 2 years old. Isn't it amazing what computers can do. Next, I'll talk about how computers are a great resource for talking to distant people you know @ MONTH1. When you have computers you can talk to people who live across the @ LOCATION1, wouldn't you want to talk to someone remotely without paying extra money on your cell phone ? I remember a time when I was talking to my dad because I had zero minutes on my phone and it was okay talking to him on the computer. Having a computer is like a bigger cell phone. You can talk to a family or a friend if you or they don't have a phone. Finally, I'll talk about how you might do your homework. Having a computer, you could do a lot of homework. The last time I was on my computer I had to find out about @ PERSON1 for math so I typed in his name and his bio came up so I wrote about him. You can use it for any subject, especially language arts, you can type copies and research different things you have to do in class. Would you like to write an essay of page @ NUM3 and have your fingers cramped just writing no. then you just need to go to the computer and type it without getting your fingers caught @ CAPS3 reconsider your opinion because computers can make you smarter, talk to distant people and help you with your homework.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, I understand the controversies between having computers. Computers are at the center of technology. I can't imagine a world without them. While having a @ MONTH1 computer prompts kids to play non-educational games, computers teach more and help kids as well. I know that for your business not having a computer would be a nightmare. It gives education not only to children, but also to adults. First of all, computers have proven to be the second best source of education, behind school, as well as the best source of information. Millions of websites are specified purely for education of all kinds. It's not just websites. they are @ CAPS1 with online tutors or just work. Computers provide almost everything you need. For work, adult use. computers to sell something communicate with someone or just search for a new topic. The technology of a computer is more distant than anything else. Without a computer, life would be much more difficult. With the intention of just sending an email, the mail should be sent. Most of the information should come from the streams. In fact, even the Internet offers books to buy and read. I'm aware that people think kids spend too much time on the computer talking to friends, but kids need to be social, @ CAPS2 he wasn't talking on the computer, there would just be more texting and calls. The computer makes life so much easier that removing it would cause stress and less time for other important activities. Recently. computers have documents and that's the best way to type. Your business can certainly agree that without typing up documents life would be a mess. Everyone writes documents and must send them, reopen them and modify them. The only other access to typing is a writer. Type writers can't save, delete, and do half the work computers do. All your work depends on the computer and the typing. How would you feel @ CAPS2 you couldn't use a computer. In conclusion, computers are a necessity for our life. Without computers, life would be difficult and stressful. Computers give information about the education booth to everyone. The technology is amazing and makes everyday life easier. I couldn't even imagine any document and type. I am sure you will agree with my decision. I hope you have chosen to inform others with this information. Thank you for your time
@ ORGANIZATION1, I am writing this letter to inform you about the use of computers. Computers can be fun and interesting, but people spend too much time on the computer. The opinion of @ CAPS3 is that you should spend time interacting with people in your company, family and friends. I also think @ CAPS2 is easy to get addicted to the computer, I should @ CAPS1 I was a person who spent @ CAPS3 @ NUM1 time on the computer and @ CAPS2 was not good. You should be safe on the computer because nowadays the dangerous @ CAPS2 of @ CAPS2 is appalling that people spend more time on the computer than with their own family. You do not agree ? Well you should, your company, your family, and your friends should be the most important thing to you. You shouldn't be spending your entire day on the computer, you should be interacting with the people around you. Nowadays you will see a lot of people on the computer and not spend time with their family. It shouldn't happen. Although the computer is fun and interesting, you will have people around you who want to spend time with you. You should think about it because it happens a lot in the world. @ PERCENT1 people from the @ CAPS3 school say they are computer addicts, and @ PERCENT2 people from the @ CAPS3 community say they are also computer addicts. These are very high numbers, don't you think? It is terrible and it should stop. The computer is like a drug, you can use the computer once and then you just want to be on every day all day. The first time you log into the computer, you will immediately be hooked on @ CAPS2. I'm not saying you should never use the computer, but make sure you don't get too addicted to @ CAPS2 because @ CAPS2 can happen very easily. @ CAPS3 mother always said to be safe on the computer. "At first I didn't really @ CAPS1 what she meant, but now I @ CAPS1. Everything you do on the computer will remain theirs and be saved no matter how you try to delete @ CAPS2. So you should be safe and not put anything on the computer if you want someone else to see @ CAPS2. Anyone can see what you put on so you should be safe. Children meet people they don't know. t @ CAPS1 and try to meet them. So you have to be careful because the computer is the only place @ CAPS7 where you can lie. Now you have to understand @ CAPS7 I am coming. You should now agree with me and understand that people should spend more time you don't get addicted and be safe. "
Some people believe that computers have a positive effect on people, but it is positive because they rotten the brain. I think the computer is a waste of time and is an excuse for you not to spend time with your family to go out and enjoy nature. That is why the time spent in front of the computer should be reduced and the time spent with family increased. Absolutely, computers are the kind of thing that can kill brain cells if you spend too much time on them. Teenagers are the main cause and when they use the computer and access myspace and facebook, they don't learn anything and just kill the main brain cells. When they go to school to follow the cmts, they will fail because they won't know anything because of the computer. Also, it is a big deal for families as they don't hang out with each other as they are still on the computer. The excuse for the parents is "@ CAPS1 I'm on the computer" so they never go and the kids are very upset. This leads to anger issues and then they stop listening to you. All it is is cause and effect. My friends on @ NUM1 have anger issues and don't listen to anyone because their family never hung up. As a result, people spend most of their time indoors on the computer, you guessed it ! my sister is on the computer @ NUM2 and she never goes out to enjoy nature. People can get this @ LOCATION1 if they were ready to go out and we don't want that to do that the day before. Doctor @ CAPS2 brown says everyone should go out and relax almost every day because staying home is not good. The computer defeats this objective. On the other hand, the computer is a nifty device and can come in handy at times, such as if you need perfect instructions or need a question answered. Sometimes you just want to talk to old friends that you haven't seen in a while. Computers are good for a lot of things but for the most part it's not good for us well I would like to say that the computer has a great use but I think it just makes excuses for us so that we don't we didn't spend time with our family, didn't go outside enough to enjoy nature.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 I felt shocked that there are people out there who think that computers are not for the benefit of society and after hearing this I felt compelled to share my opinions. They help society. They help us communicate, do important things, have fun. Computers help us communicate in many ways. We all want to talk to our friends, but we can't be with our friends all the time, so there is the internet to help us. We also all have friends that we don't see very often, but we always want to talk to them, so with the internet, we can talk to them as long as we have been there. Computers also help us make new friends. They can also amuse us. Computers are fun for many different reasons. Social networking sites, like facebook or myspace, are fun. There are a lot of fun things to do on the internet including playing video games, many video game consoles are connected to the internet so you can play with your friends. But computers aren't just fun and fun. Computers can transfer very important information, including homework after school activities. Computers also hold all of our government information, such trivial things as plans to renovate a city-owned building in the United States Department of Homeland Security without computers, none of that would be possible. This should have concluded to you that computers are necessary in our daily life, from communication to everything that computers have helped us and will help us in the future.
Dear anyone, @ MONTH1, @ CAPS1's name is @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 and I think the effects of computers on people are not good. I believe this for several different reasons. These reasons are that because of them, nobody goes out, people ; especially students lose their calligraphy skills, and people lose their desire to do normal everyday things. They make us lazy !! Because of the computers, people don't go out. They are not going for a walk because they are doing something on the computer. Now there is no reason for anyone to visit a store of any kind, as you can order everything online and have it delivered right to your door. Plus, for many people, they don't even have to go to work. They can work for any business right from their home computer. People can even complete high school and college education on their computers by taking online courses ! This brings me to @ CAPS1 the next reason computers have such a bad effect on people. Students can now type all homework, some schools even give laptops for students to use throughout the year. Being able to type everything would mean that students would hardly ever have to pick up a pen or pencil, making their writing worse for lack of practice. Another way computers have a detrimental effect on students is through the Internet. You can find anything and everything on the Internet, from math books to dictionaries and other resource books. Because of this, some students don't even know how to look up a word in the dictionary, let alone find the necessary information in a book. I think it gives students a misconception and a sense of reality. When they go to work, not everything will be done on a computer, but that's all they are taught to use. Finally, people lose their urge to do everyday things. Why hang out with friends when you can talk to them online? Why go out to dinner when you can order it online? People are starting to see no point in going out and doing things because there are “more important things” to be done on the computer. Personally, I think they are brainwashing us and soon the world will be a giant computer. From everything I've said, I don't think computers have a very good effect on people. They make the world a very tense and controlled place and based on this selected information I'm sure you can see why.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1, my opinion on this is that people use the computer a lot ! Some people don't care about exercising or enjoying nature, maybe people don't even have friends, so they spent a lot of time on the computer because they don't. 'have no life or maybe they just go to some addictive websites. For example @ CAPS2.com, do people / children have one ? They are chatting with friends or maybe even boyfriends. Anyway, that's my opinion. Another opinion is that I think people shouldn't be spending most of their time on the computer. I think because people should have fun, socialize with people and live life there! So that's what I think, my opinion on "Computing".
Dear @ CAPS1 from @ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS2 do you think that our exercises and being in nature are getting less and less? I don't think so in my opinion. I think computers are a positive because they can help you connect with other people from different parts of the world. Learn different things or learn how to make your life easier. Be in contact with distant relatives. First of all, I think computers have a positive effect because you can connect with people from different parts of the world. You can talk about their culture. About the, what is their wedding tradition or etc. Schools, and ask them questions. Second, I believe that computers are a positive effect because you can learn things from them and how to make your life easier. Because you can learn it more easily with different understandings better for you. Study from there to go to school. Third, I believe that the computer is a distant relative of the positive effects. If you've been talking to them for a long time wondering how they are doing for their living. When we meet, grab it. In conclusion, the technology will essentially help you in the future. The wonderful computer will help you to be in touch with great families and friends. Now is @ CAPS3 time ! because sophisticated technology will be around for years to come !
Do you ever think that a computer can take too long or prevent you from doing a lot of things. Does using a computer ruin your life in some way I would say no. The computer is everyday life, everyone needs it or uses it in one way or another. People need it because they watch the news when they couldn't catch it on @ CAPS1 so they go to the amazing technoliga. We have the @ CAPS2.C witch of laptops or phones with internet. It's just a natural thing in our lifestyle, now the computer doesn't stop you from going out and playing other things, you say no. I love this technology and want to stay in it. So the computer is wasting someone's life anyway or is it just you. The beautiful things that a @ CAPS2.C can do for you. A computer can do a lot of things because you won't want to leave it and go do other things, like you have a lot of homework around the house and a project that you need @ CAPS4 for to get you going to get your work done. and you can also listen to music and type your project and do stuff even if you are not apart from playing and being active doesn’t mean you don’t do something better for your life like typing more fast for a job when you get older and now how to use a @ CAPS2.C well and not be disconnected from the family there is camel. @ CAPS2.C's have been around for a long time and since this world has them we have been smarter and more talented in most cases and children and adults are in touch with the things around us and how the world acts technology has helped many people when they needed to do something in a rush or for almost everything they did for things @ NUM1 year olds can always go. Research things they've never known. And discover billions of apps for it. Although most people stay for long periods of time, but they cannot stay all day without saying hello to family and talking to them. So it has been around for a long time and is still in use every day and always will be. So, do you think that a computer spends too much time in a person's day and they don't spend enough time with their family or is it just that computers are a natural thing that everyone has? need.
Dear @ CAPS1, I have a feeling that computers are good for you in so many ways. Like computers sometimes keep kids off the streets so they don't get into trouble. The computer has a lot of games that you have run on so you can keep doing something. Computers also have something called Microsoft and Microsoft is something that helps you write projects and things like that. Computers help a lot of people because like I said earlier there are games and some of these games have to do with school like science, math, reading and social studies so it is very useful. Computers are also bad for people like you because when you go there most teens like to go to something called myspace. Myspace is a small space where you can have friends all over the world and talk to them and put pictures of yourself there. If you go to myspace and have friends from a different state or the same state, you know the world wants to find you and rape you. They would strike up a conversation with you as they would ask for your name and where you live. Another reason it's bad is that when @ NUM1 students go to college, @ NUM2 students will tell inappropriate websites and little kids will participate and get in trouble. Well you heard my opoin hope you understand thanks.
Dear Press @ LOCATION1, I believe computers have a terrible impact on society, the reason I think this is true is that children can become "captive" as some call it. Additionally, children can become obese, which is already a growing process. The last reason is that children have poor eyesight. The number one reason I think computers have a negative impact on our society is that all kids do is sit and eat while they're on the computer and they become addicted to it so they keep getting fat because they don't. exercise. This problem with kids getting fat is already a hot topic and with something like that it's not going to get any better anytime soon. Studies show that @ PERCENT1 of children who are on the computer for more than an hour and a half a day are becoming brain dead. This means that if it becomes the new trend for all children, our next generation will not be smart and will not be able to keep pace with other countries and fall behind, so we have to do something to fix this trending problem if you wish it. our country to stay in one piece. The last, but not the least, reason is that children have poor eyesight. It can also be bad for future generations. If you leave this capture on the generation, everyone will need glasses, it's almost like a domino effect. These are all the reasons why computers have a negative impact on society. children become obese, they become brain dead, and they develop poor eyesight because of it.
Dear local newspaper, I think people spend too much time on calculating and these are my reasons less time for exercising, enjoying nature and interacting with friends and family. My reason is that people spend less time exercising on the computer, playing games, and talking to others. Don't you think that you should be outside exercising like running or playing sports instead of being in your house on the computer doing nothing. People should at least exercise @ NUM1. You might be on the computer for a little while but not on @ NUM2. Take a break from the computer and get outside to enjoy the time and be outdoors. People just can't take @ NUM1 out of their computing time. I find it really hard to believe that people can't. It's like the computer has taken over their brains and all they want to do is be on it and never get off. My second reason is to enjoy nature, to get out a bit and see what's going on there. There are a lot of fun things you can do outside, like climb a tree or go fruit picking. You don't have to be indoors all day to watch the computer playing games or talking to friends. You could be outside enjoying the good weather you get. People need to learn that there is more to do with their time. My third reason is that to interact with friends a family. It is important that you spend time with them and see how they were and what they were doing. But instead, people are always too busy to talk to family members because they're always on the computer doing things they don't need to do. There are many more important things in life that people need to understand this. Family is more important than being on the computer, but people these days put family on the back burner because they never want to talk to them or see them because they are always so busy wasting time. time on the computer. Like checking email is fine, but wasting time on those chat things like @ CAPS1 or @ CAPS2 or @ CAPS3 is just a waste of time, people can hang out and do things that 'they don't have to be on the computer asking their friends they should just call them a request. Don't get me wrong I have a @ CAPS2 to save you time spending time with your family and business, but I do take the time to spend time with friends, family and enjoying nature and doing some exercise. So I don't see why it's so hard for people to do this. So in conclusion I think people spend time on the computer like I said there are more important things in life and things you can do like exercise, enjoy nature and spending time with friends or family. So I hope you will take my ideas into account and consider them, thank you for listening to what I think. Hope people can understand that they don't need to be on the @ NUM4 computer.
Could you live a day without a computer? I talk to my friends everyday on @ CAPS1. I learn about current events that I wouldn't know about without a computer. A computer also helps me in my daily life. I agree that I should go out and meet my friends, but sometimes when it rains or snows I just want to talk to them online. Another benefit of talking online is that I can talk to all of my friends, not just the one I'm playing with. I have noticed that even when my friends leave, they can still keep in touch thanks to their computers. Not only can you keep in touch with your friends, but you can also find out about current events. Every time I go to @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, my @ ORGANIZATION1 page pops up and shows me the current events. Without a computer, I wouldn't be able to see who played last night's game or what's going on with the health care bill. These are important things that help me keep track of things away from my city. A computer also allows me to learn more about the health care bill and how it affects me. Not only does the computer teach me current affairs, it also helps me in my day-to-day life. When I have breakfast, I check my emails and check the weather. During school, I type my essay. When I get home, I check homework and talk to my friends online. All of this is done on the computer. It shows how much I use computers every day. I rely so much on my computer that I would be lost without it and do half as much. I firmly believe that computers are a necessity. They allow me to talk to my friends when we can't meet. He keeps me posted on currents. I think computers have become a part of our everyday life.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 would you like people to sit on a computer all day doing nothing ? How would you feel if no one had been out looking for droppings and no one was using the playgrounds, parks and beaches. Everyone will be sitting at home on cute new fanny computers. When you really think about the time people spend sitting around doing nothing, @ CAPS2 would a computer solve that problem ? It's really @ CAPS4't. This is what I would say about having computers, people spend too much time on computers, feces are needed, every day, and it tires the body and tires the eyes. When it comes to computers, everyone wants to have one, but when we say excrete, it seems like people's minds are extinguished. This is happening because people are really starting to spend a lot of time on computers. If they work on computers for a long period of the day, @ CAPS5 comes home to spend more time on the computer, @ CAPS5 what does it do to your body ? not helping him. I like computers and I like spending time on them, when I need to do something that doesn't happen, because I get and I forget what time it is and what not not funny. Sometimes it happens to the people they're engaged with in their computers, when someone talks to them and you tell them something that you need them to do, and they nod like they know what it is. that you said, but the next time you asked if it was done and it wasn't, you know they were listening. Feces are really important to your body and don't even have to be to get anything, but don't waste your time on computers. It happens to @ NUM1 to @ NUM2 or families when they come home from work or school and jump straight to computers, families don't get enough droppings or spend time with family because computers get in the way. Excrise would help keep you in place of electronics. Computers are like little robots that control your mind and body, they kill you. It tires your eyes, makes you crack and you really don't want to do much, maybe if people spend less time on computers and more time focusing on family and nature, they @ CAPS4 will not be weak and tired. I know a lot of people who @ CAPS4 don't want computers banned, but I think it would help for many reasons and bring families and more focused bodies closer together, in my experience computers help in some ways, but when it comes to real life, it really doesn't help anyone. Hope you understand @ CAPS2 I say this stuff but if you care about health and activities @ CAPS5 you would say computers aren't a big help either.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 I will let you know that more and more people are using computers and then spending time with their families. I agree with the effects of the computer on people, because one it allows us to access information, two it allows us to interact with people. And three because it helps us to be aware of what is going on in sport or elsewhere. My number one reason we should be using computers is that they give us information, like weather reports, school openings, delays, and closings. It also tells us how @ LOCATION1 was after the earthquake. This tells us a lot. It allows you to go to other websites to find information. And it allows us to have fun and play games on the Internet. It can help us with our homework. And it can help us find things like a job and stuff. My second reason why we should be using computers is that we can interact with people. We can talk to people we've never met before. We can find information about them and tell us how their life is going. this can help the police find information on their criminals and track them down so that they can find them. It's better and faster than using the phone to talk to them. And it can amuse people which will require them to stay on the computer for a long period of time. My third reason we should be using computers is that it would keep us up to date and for those who like to watch it would tell us the latest information on teams and players. And if you are a sports fanatic, you can watch games live on the computer. And we can post matches and have the chance to see the players talking to their fans. In conclusion, this is why we should use computers because they can give us information all over the world, two they can allow us to interact with people we have never met before. And three, he'll keep us posted on the sports we love to catch, especially if you're a sports fanatic.
With more and more people using computers. I think it does not benefit society. I think this because simple cases of suicide are due to online bullying, people get addicted to @ CAPS2 that they don't exercise and get obese, and because it's bad for the environment. Today more than ever people intimidate. But not just to show kids like they used to. Now the bullies have found a new way, by starting web pages, emailing the person, or threatening them online. With internet users, people say things they couldn't say in person because you don't have to see them face to face all the time. Did you know that @ PERCENT1 of all teen suicides are due to online bullying. Bullies get into that person's head and get them to hurt themselves because they let people get to them. If we didn't have that many people online, young people would be more protected from online predators. When you are sitting at the computer and playing games or with friends, you are most likely having fun. Well, when you eat and stay on the computer, you are not exercising. Well, more than @ PERCENT2 of obese people say they don't exercise because they are either too tired or don't have enough time. Of course, you are going to be tired if you sit for a few hours in front of a computer screen. When they say they don't have time but still spend an hour a day on the computer. It doesn't earn me much. Obesity has become a big concern, it is the main cause of head problems. @ CAPS2 becomes active The environment is of great concern nowadays. With toxics, the @ CAPS1 layer and increasing skin cancer. But how does the computer work? Well, computers use energy and let the environment poison. Killing the @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 diaper is much more powerful and hurts people. Yes and plants help @ CAPS1 layer but when you print @ CAPS2 you @ CAPS2 very difficult to meet the demand and demand of @ CAPS3 have to eat but without trees do plants eat ? By the time our children's children are here, there are @ MONTH1 @ CAPS3 to no wild animals, hardly any wild ones and without the @ CAPS1 diaper, many people will die of skin cancer. All because we are @ CAPS2 addicted to the use of computers. People's lives, health, and the environment are all big issues that computers help disrupt. How would you feel when you walked into your child's room to see them dead on the floor after being bullied on the computer? Or seeing a loved one suffer from heart problems due to obesity because they couldn't leave the computer. Or in about @ NUM1 years, the @ CAPS1 layer is completely destroyed because of computers, with @ CAPS3 so that there are no more wild animals. The use of computers does not benefit society. Of course, this is a quick search. But @ CAPS2 are books. The computer has everything a local library has. @ CAPS2 stop being lazy and go out. Stop suicides, obesity and environmental damage.
Do you already have time to read? Have you ever spent time with your family? Or do you already have time to go out? Well, if you don't, it's because you are spending too much time on the computer. Computers are bad for society. And I'll show you why. There are many great things you can do, like reading a book. Instead of reading on the computer, read a novel, you can ask your parents to take you to the library. I understand that if you need to do some research you can do it on the computer, but in the library there are all kinds of books like fiction, non-fiction, science books and many more. 'others. Every smart citizen @ CAPS1 this computer @ MONTH1 would have wrong information. I remember when I was doing a project on @ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS2 of music @ CAPS3. I used the computer to find out who killed her and he said a man killed her. I went to the library and looked at a book on her and it says a woman actually killed her. Plus, books help you get more specific facts. Every caring and loving human being cares about spending time with their family. How can you spend more time with your family? Well, you can visit some cousins on weekends. Your family can have parties. I remember having a party for the baptism of my little brother, everyone came. I could see my aunts and cousins I had not seen for years. I understand if you have a distant relative you would use the computer to chat with them or see them on webcam, but why not take a vacation if they live and drive away, it would bring the family even closer together. I @ CAPS1 what it is. My family lives at @ LOCATION2 and I visit them every year. We have family reunions, maybe your family can do that too. As a result, family is important, so don't let the computer ruin yours. You never go out again? Is the computer bothering you? You have to check your emails, reply, go to your @ CAPS4, its hungry, you have to do your daily activities. And your health ? Getting some fresh air can be good. These are a lot of great things you can do outdoors. For example, you can jump rope, go to the park, swim, play in the snow and many more. I remember the time my cousin came and we went to the park. We kept them until the park closed. It was very fun. Every citizen of @ LOCATION1 wants to be in good health. Getting outside can help, running through the woods, or even skipping rope is outside and getting some exercise. Plus, just getting out can do more. The time has come. Why wait another minute? You can either be on your own on the computer or be outdoors, or be with your family, even the library is not alone. Computers are a bad habit, although we might need them better for sure, so sorry for doing it the old fashioned way.
Dear Diary, @ CAPS1 has drawn my attention to the fact that there is an ongoing debate on the issue that not everyone agrees that computers benefit society. I can't understand why. Computers present many opportunities for people. They allow people to communicate with each other, they make it easier for people to research topics, and they teach hand-eye coordination. This is why I agree that computers benefit society. In the modern world, almost all businesses depend on communication. Many people in these businesses not only use phones to communicate, but also computers. Communicating online is a fast, easy and efficient way for people to communicate, whether @ CAPS1 is at home or at work. It's one way computers benefit all of society. No one knows everything, we are always trying to discover new things that we didn't even know. Sometimes we @ MONTH1 use books, but most people use online research. This is because @ CAPS1 is not only faster, but also simpler. When you search online, the information literally comes to you. All you do is type a subject in @ CAPS1. @ CAPS1 is another reason computers benefit society. The last reason is that computers teach hand-eye coordination. This shows because as time goes by while you are on the computer, you realize that typing becomes easier. @ CAPS1 may take a while, but over time people get used to it. @ CAPS1 like @ CAPS1, the computer allows you to teach yourself. Some people would say people spend too much time on computers. This is not a problem because people have to spend long periods of time on computers in order to do the beneficial things that computers have to offer. In conclusion, you can see that I have clearly stated the advantages of computers. They allow us to communicate, research and improve our hand-eye coordination. That is why computers benefit society.
In this modernized world, computers are essential. They offer many benefits which include communication, entertainment, and education. These benefits have positive effects on people all over the world and that is why I support technological advancements. Communication is a big advantage with computers. Whether you keep in touch with friends or organize business meetings, the computer offers a great help. Thanks to the modern technology that comes with the computer, people can instantly send messages to colleagues or friends within seconds. In some cases, businesses are completely dependent on the computer to operate; for example, having a conversation with people around the world to discuss their international expansion. Computers are badly needed for people to communicate and allow people to plan easily and efficiently. The computer also provides an inexhaustible source of entertainment. Along with the Internet, the computer provides users with websites that allow them to talk to friends, watch videos, play games, etc. The computer provides a relaxing way to have fun when it's late at night or on a rainy day. The computer allows people to be entertained and relax when needed. The most important function of the computer is education. The computer provides the user or student with a wide variety of information. The computer assists the user with extensive information on every topic or topic that @ MONTH1 needs to be covered in a classroom. It is very useful for research projects or even for learning another language. The computer is very beneficial for education. The computer is a technology that has come to simplify everyday life. It is now integrated into almost all of the daily tasks that occur @ MONTH1 during the day. It would be unfair to stop moving forward in this technological marvel. The computer is a technology that greatly benefits our communication, our entertainment and even our education.
Dear local newspaper, I would like to talk about the subject of the effects computers have on people. My opinion on this subject is that computers have an effect on people. Most people who surf the Internet don't take the weather into account. What I mean when I say most people lose track of time is that they try to keep track of time, but while they're on the web something @ MONTH1 pops that attracts attention. their interest and at the same time the emphasis is on something else. Some of the other effects that computers can have on people is keeping them at home. When a lot of people are on the web, they tend not to exercise as much. When at home on the web, most people who exercise stop exercising. The reason this happens is that while people are on the computer chair, you feel so relaxed and calm that you don't want to get up. This leads to eating unhealthy food. Some like chips, donuts, twinkies, etc. Some @ CAPS1 don't believe this to be an opinion. The reason I'm saying this is that while watching TV the other day I saw an ad that said "@ CAPS2 who are more active are healthier than @ CAPS2 who stay on the computer all day . Most @ CAPS1 gain weight on the computer because they are not physically active. Not being physically active can lead to A) obesity @ CAPS4) clogged arteries or @ CAPS5) laziness. This can lead to three, because these are the effects of being on a computer every day. Most @ CAPS1 should be enjoying nature instead of staying on the computer. There is much more to life than being on the web . Some like playing sports. Not only playing sports is fun, but at the same time it is also healthy. Would you rather live at @ NUM1 or live at @ NUM2. And so the local newspaper, that's why I tell you write this letter today. I mean, would you rather have friends @ CAPS2 or be alone. There are chirur gies of weight but these can accumulate thousands of. And yes, bariatric surgery has effects such as death. So come on @ LOCATION1 it's your decision and remember the most important part of this letter which is between living healthy and young or dying unhealthy and suffering. It's your choice @ LOCATION1 to decide.
Computers are a good benefit to society. First, they let you chat with friends, they let you send messages anytime. You can talk to people far away that you are losing. For example, your friend lives on the other side of the globe, you use your computer and send you a message so that you can still talk to him all the time. Also, when you are bored, it will give you something to do. You can see if anyone wants to make plans to go out. And if you just want to stay home all day, you can still interact with people. Second, it gives you new ideas about things. He shares opinions. Maybe someone bought the same and it didn't work, you can see the comments and reviews. Would you like to spend your money on something that made networking? I will not do it. You can also see that the majority of people like what they have. Also, they make you think of something that you wouldn't have thought of before saying that you scored how horrible it is, maybe if you read the page online it shows what you got did wrong and what you didn't do. This gives you the opportunity to try something that you @ MOIS1 enjoy what you get. Finally, it gives you the latest updates that it can share if the program is closed, delayed, or open. You wouldn't have to wait for the news to show it. He can tell you about the crimes that are happening. He also tells you about your city. Who doesn't want to know what's going on for yourself? It tells you new things that are in your city or what they are going to do or it tells you what it is getting rid of. Computers allow us to chat with our friends and family. This gives us thoughts that @ MONTH1 has never thought of before and they point us to the latest updates.
Dear Editor-in-Chief, With all due respect to anyone who thinks that the computer is not for the benefit of society, I strongly disagree. Yes, there are a lot of people who neglect other activities to be on the computer, and yes, the computer is an invention that a lot of people depend on, but the computer is also an invention that we can benefit from many. positive manners. For example, @ CAPS1 '@ PERSON1, a hip-hop artist with millions of fans, couldn't finish high school or go to college because of his career. He decided to get a college degree, so he started attending college. However, he had a hard time being in college because he was constantly harassed by his fans, so he started going to college online. This way, he was able to focus on his studies and graduate without being harassed. The computer also has websites on the Internet which are used in schools. They help teach students in a way that they have fun and enjoy what they are doing, providing them with a better learning experience. In addition to the positive uses of the Internet, the computer also contains programs that can also be of use to us. Microsoft @ CAPS2, for example, is a program on the computer that is used to create @ CAPS2 documents such as poems, essays, song lyrics, and even letters. You can print these @ CAPS2 documents to have a copy to keep and show people wherever you go, but if you haven't finished you can save it to your computer. People use the computer for a lot of things, books, movies and so on. Over the years that it has existed, it has benefited us a lot. What do you think?
Suppose you have a family member that you haven't seen for a long time and you don't have enough money to visit them because they live too far away? Or you are injured or sick and you have nothing to do so you decide to just browse the internet and learn interesting things like what new organism scientists have discovered or something in history that you never have. known before? Surprisingly, the computer is filled with knowledge like this. You can talk to family members that you've never seen before or that you just haven't had the chance to see for a long time. You might even know a lot of interesting new things about nature and history that you never would have known just going out. And just so you know more, I'll even tell you about these things. I have a stepsister who I only see once a year or once two years. But the only way for me to interact with her is on Facebook. There are also websites that people use to talk to loved ones like twitter, myspace, yearbook, goal, skype ect. Not only do you talk to them, but you can also chat via webcam so that you can see them as well. Lots of people use webchat to chat with old friends. While you are on the computer, you can also learn new things. Yesterday when I was on the computer I got bored and did some random research, and in this @ NUM1 min. I learned things I had never heard of before, like the "@ CAPS1 massacre" and this time a teacher first entered a spaceship and it exploded with the teacher there. inside. Man was it a tragedy ! If you were interested in nature, you could learn about all kinds of natures in the world. Plus, if you take an interest in Antiquity by typing in a few words, you get all kinds of fascinating things from Antiquity like @ PERSON1, the city that was forgotten and then found. I'm pretty sure you couldn't learn that stuff on your way out. The amazing things a computer can do! Talk with family and friends that you haven't seen in decades and learn fascinating things. Usually, it's cool because you might learn things that your teacher never new. Would you like the teacher to teach you or you to teach the teacher !
Dear @ LOCATION1 @ CAPS1, I believe that computers benefit society. People can read, buy and play online. It makes life easier for many people. Buying books that you want to read can get expensive. With the Internet, people can read almost any book right on their computer. In a recent survey, it was found that people who read books online save extra @ MONEY1 per year than people who buy books. People can also read things like the newspaper online. If there is snow on the ground and people cannot get their newspaper, they can read it online. This way, they will know if a newspaper is still good and continue to buy it, including the @ LOCATION1 @ CAPS1. Plus, people can buy online. Sometimes someone @ MOIS1 has had an accident injuring them, and they're stuck at home. If it is a child, their parents will not be able to come to the store because they will be looking after the child. They can just go to the computer and have food and other essentials delivered. People can also do this if they have a busy lifestyle with work or school. @ PERSON1, a doctor, told me that people who shop online have @ PERCENT1 less stress than people who go to the store for the same items. He said it's because they don't have to worry about taking a long time out of their schedule to shop. In addition, the computer is a good way to quickly play games. Young children can be very loud and energetic. Parents can just let them play games and read on the computer. Small children love being on the computer, and letting them continue can keep them quiet and busy for a while. Even the simple act of typing is interesting for the youngest. For older children there are many games that can be played. Action, strategy, puzzles and more. They can also play against people from all over the world. The computer is fun for everyone. So, in conclusion, the computer is a very good place to shop, read books and play games. Computers are a great help to families today.
My opinion on the effects of the computer on people. One good effect the computer has on people is that it teaches them to have good hand-eye coordination @ CAPS1 if they work as a doctor on whatever needs it and that would help them do their jobs better . Another reason that computers have such good effects on people is that they allow them to chat with family members. Another would be for you to learn about other states and countries around the world. He tells you how many people like there and what kind of culture they have when he found it probably now when I want to know more about Texas, I research some information about it and tell myself when it was found the capital and how many people live there. Another good thing that you could play games with your friends like all types of arcade sport racing shooting games of all types.
I don't think computers are the most positive effect. Because most computers are not like that computers are not the smartest ones, but it helps you when you need to do something like a project when you need to search for pictures and when you need help with them. math, you can use the calculator on the computer, but the computer does not help you with all your subjects the computer only helps you with a few of your subjects, this is the main reason I use the computer. Sometimes when I do my homework I let the computer do it for me so it's easier for me to do it and I search websites on it they give you really good websites that's why most of the time everyone uses the computer for which they mainly use the computer looking for a job, car or house this is what they mainly use the computer because most people don't like use the internet because they think it is cheating to use the computer.
@ ORGANIZATION1, In his take on computers and what they can do for the benefit of society these days. Their opinion of the effects that computers or people have on that they can be useful to us in many ways, for example, they can communicate with people all over the world, for example, many people @ MOIS1 have friends or family who live in another state or country computers can help us communicate with them. Computers allow us to help us learn what we couldn't learn from books. Computers can help us learn, for example about people. You'd think that's fine, but it's slow with computers, you can send emails and have the person on the other end respond instantly because of the computers. Computers have benefited society in many ways. Computers think of them is that they can be of use to us in many ways we wouldn't think possible. Before computers and printers we used typewriters and if you were wrong you would have started over and it could take hours or work to get a perfect paper, but with modern worlds we wouldn't have to retype a whole paragraph if we make a mistake we can just hit the backspace button on the keyboard so it doesn't take us hours to type a page or when it takes half at most so computers took advantage of us more than we think. So their take on computers and what they can do for us is that they allow us to do things that we couldn't have done before the computer was invented. The computer was a great invention and it is benefiting mankind as we speak and it is so difficult to set up. So depending on their opinion of computers and what they do, it can benefit the society we live in and also mankind.
Dear @ LOCATION1, I believe that computers are of great benefit to society. I believe so for various reasons which I will state throughout this passage. Although sometimes people spend too much time on the computer, it doesn't mean that computers are bad for society, it just means that people have to learn to spend their time wisely. Overall, I think computers have a positive effect on society. One of the reasons I am for computers is because they are a huge technological breakthrough. They are able to make everyday life easier. They allow you to store information. Find out about many places and connect with friends and family. For one device to do all of this, it's amazing ! So if we can do something like computers, imagine all the other possibilities of technological advancement. Computers are just the start of everything! Another reason I think computers are of great benefit to society is that they provide entertainment. You can watch movies on your computer and download funny games. There is hardly anything you cannot do on a computer. If it's cold outside or it's raining, you can still be entertained with just a computer. Computers are great to have around. Now, anyone who thinks that people spend too much time on their computers and that computers are bad for society is simply wrong. I think these people are wrong because a computer can't force you to spend more time on it. It is your fault if you choose to use your computer too much. You always have the choice to go out and walk around. Computers are only bad if you choose to use them the wrong way, like the phrase “ guns don't kill people, people do ”. In conclusion, I think computers are a great thing to have, especially in this modern society. Computing is one of the greatest technological advancements and benefits society as well. So if ever you are wondering about the weather or if you don't want to buy a computer, I suggest you buy one!
Dear local newspaper, I think computers have a positive effect on people. The reasons for my answer are that there are many homework help websites, the computer helps you discover places you've never been to, and you can even interact with people all over the world. These are my three reasons why I think computers have a positive effect on people. First, I think computers have a positive effect on people as there are many homework help websites that struggling students can access and get tutoring. I remember @ NUM1 when I had a math class halfway through. I was having trouble understanding math. Then I went to tutoring sites and they taught me everything I was having trouble with. I think the computer can help a lot of kids get good grades. This is my number one reason why I think computers have a positive effect on people. Second, I think computers have a positive effect on people because they can help you discover faraway places you've never been before. It would be useful for a school project on a country. Also @ PERCENT1 some students in my school say that the computer has helped them a lot in their school projects. The computer can also be useful in planning vacations. Would you like to go on vacation to a place you don't know anything about? This is where the computer can help. All you have to do is search for your destination and pictures and information will appear so that you can make the right choice. This is my second reason why I think computers have a positive effect on people. Finally, I think the computer has a positive effect on people because you can interact with people all over the world. I have a brother who lives in Florida, but I can talk to him every day on the computer. Plus, I can keep in touch with my friends whenever I want. I think computers help people develop better social skills. This is my last reason why I think computers have a positive effect on people. In conclusion, I think computers have a positive effect on people to get better grades, learn different things, and talk to friends.
Dear editor of The @ CAPS1, I think computers are great ideas for our community. If the library is closed and a student needs information, you can view it on the Internet. Besides, you can talk with your friends if your phones are not working. Computers can help people stay up to date with the latest news if the television becomes pixelated. First of all, computers can help a lot in research. Let's say your car drives healthily? out of gas and you need to get to the library before it closes. Just make it easier to go to the computer and find a research site on your topic ; no wasted gasoline, no wet to do just get yourself in a dress sipping hot chocolate on the computer. Then you can talk to friends in another country without having to pay extra for a long distance call. And if you didn't have unlimited minutes and went to chat with someone for a long time, you would be wasting precious minutes and money! This is where computers come in. You can just open a chat window and talk, just like that. Finally, you can search for the latest news and information on a research program, like @ ORGANIZATION1. If your TV breaks and it takes a week to fix it, what if something happens that you needed to know, you can just go to the internet and search for it. Thanks for reading my ideas, editor. I hope you will choose my article for publication in your journal when the time comes.
Do Fairfield @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 computers have a bad effect on people ? Many people say " yes " and many say " no ". @ CAPS3 in fact @ CAPS2 computers have a bad effect. People are very easily distracted by computers, it wastes time and causes stress. Many children who @ CAPS2 do their homework on computers are very easily distracted. With computers comes the Internet, and with the Internet comes games and social networking sites. Many kids prefer to chat on Facebook with a friend rather than @ CAPS2 homework using an online book ... myself included. When I get home I start using the online textbook for my math class. But when I wait for it to load, I get bored and go to the online game site. After that I got too distracted with this addicting game called "@ CAPS6 @ CAPS7 @ NUM1". And @ NUM2 hours of online games, I realized I had wasted a lot of time. I realized that I had wasted a lot of time on my math homework lately with these online distraction games. And @ PERCENT1 of my math grade is a homework assignment that I went from @ CAPS4 to @ CAPS5 +. And why waste time on the computer. The outside is just @ CAPS3 fun @ CAPS3 "@ CAPS6 @ CAPS7 @ NUM1." I'd rather play soccer with my friends than this stupid game. My parents also realized that I was wasting so much time on the computer that they blocked the Internet. But distracting time-wasting games also cause stress, which can be fatal. Imagine being in the hospital because you are playing on the computer. Once while watching @ ORGANIZATION1 a man said that @ NUM4 people have died playing on the computer for more than @ NUM2 days with little food or water. My parents also notice that my brother and I are cranky after playing on the computer for so long. And I've been stressed out lately. Overall, computers have a bad effect on people. Entertaining games are a waste of time and cause stress. Hope people understand this post and you shouldn't be playing on computers for too long.
Dear regards @ MONTH1 I think computers are very emotional but again they are not because would you rather have your kids on the computer or say some kids smoke and some hang out? the streets too yeah, it makes a lot of affect for them. In my prediction I say computers are very addicting but again it's really not because there are some people who really don't like being on computers for a long time because it gets boring and it's starting to hurt your eyes. I'll understand if they don't want to go downstairs when it's past bedtime. Some kids do a lot of bad things in the streets and hang out in the streets a lot, but when they go to the computer it can prevent some of them from doing these things. Lots of kids have myspace and facebook ... and more and it's the best way to keep in touch with your family and friends, it's one of the main reasons kids keep going and there are many other electronic devices that prevent children from exercising and other things. like that like a psp go or xbox @ NUM1 or ds, dsi playstation @ NUM2 and @ NUM3. So I think it's addictive and it affects kids, but the things you prefer your kids to do keep them from doing it.
Dear Company @ CAPS1 : Computers are perhaps one of the greatest improvements in the advancement of knowledge in our societies over the past decades. These jewels of the future are like a human being; they have their own mind and can find answers to any problem. People all over the world use them, from @ LOCATION5 to @ LOCATION4, to @ LOCATION2 to @ LOCATION1, they are used. From schoolchildren to adults who have a highly valued profession as a chemist, use computers! Would you like to be the one who stands aside, stuck in the past, without moving forward with technology? Creations of rockets, engines and planes; computers have never let us down. Yet the question is, will computerized technology benefit our society or cause it to collapse? Since @ DATE1, computers have been used as advertisements for new information. The speed at which they are able to receive new information is simply amazing ! @ CAPS2 @ PERSON2, computer engineer, says "With the technology we get from computers, we can be in the game." @ CAPS2 has just shown one of the best advantages of computers: their ability to display the most recent information. Now I can see how books are a great resource in society, and how they provide amazing information, yet it takes years to publish books! With the use of a computer, information which occurred sometimes as close to @ NUM1 hours ago may appear on the Internet ! Not only will this allow you to get information faster, but it will allow our company to “ be in the game ”. You catch a soccer ball as it's hovering in the air, you stalk a baseball or it flies high in the sky, you grab the face of a basketball all because you have "hand-coordination". eye". Hand-eye coordination is perhaps one of the most necessary aspects of life that a person can have. Admit it, everyone needs it! So why not help your body acquire this talent: buy a computer. Imagine, our society would progress in its sports and even just in life if it learned to coordinate. Did you know that @ NUM2 on @ NUM3 people who owned a computer and typed daily were able to catch the three tennis balls thrown at them ! You could do it too! When you type on a computer, human development watchers say your eyes are free to follow the screen, and you train your hands to operate the keys on their own. Just like in basketball, when you train your hand to follow the bounce of the ball without needing to catch it. I remember when I started typing, my hands began to naturally find the keys without my having to look at them. And the next day in basketball practice I felt like @ CAPS3 the amazing leader @ PERSON1, the ball came straight into my hand ! Get that need for life, invest in a computer! Money @ MONTH1 is the most vital thing in our society right now. With profits as low as an average salary, our region is not that "rich". I can see how difficult it can be to have to buy these computers at prices as high as @ MONEY1 each. But then think about it, every book we don't have to buy would save us @ NUM4 each. Not only does computer media last @ NUM5 longer than any paperback, but their information is always new, changing and up-to-date. For us to buy new books because of recent information, we would end up slowing down further in the long run. Our neighboring company @ LOCATION3 has just invested in more than @ NUM6 computers for their company. Said it only took @ NUM7 months to get the money they bought back on the computer with the amount that had no book purchase ! Now imagine how much money our company would earn after @ NUM8 years ! It is necessary for our society to have computers. With them, we not only learn hand-eye coordination, but we invest in more money for it. And now, with so much going on in the world, it is important to instantly receive information from these computers. I can't stress enough that without them we are just @ MONTHS1 less in the rest. Dreams of amazing rockets, drugs, and treatment for distant diseases simply won't happen. IT is perhaps the only thing that really benefits our society. You must understand how important this technology is to our society! But, in the long run, the decision is yours. Choose quickly, the fate of our society is in your hands.
Dear diary ; I believe computers are good for our society. There are several reasons why I believe this. One of the reasons is that it makes life easier, it also helps us understand what is going on in our lives today. If we didn't have computers, how would we talk to people without phones and news. Computers make life easier in several ways. For example, if you needed a doctor's clearance to play a sport, it would be much easier to send them an email telling them to send you an email saying you can show it to the sports team. and they will allow you to play. We can also learn about our world today by using the computer. We can go on the Internet and go to a news website and look at the weather forecast so that we can plan the day. We can find the latest technology "I phone" or "@ CAPS1". There are people in the world who don't have a computer. For example my uncle is in the air and the only way we can talk to him is through the computer as they don't allow phones. Also, if there is a pirson with good news and he wants to tell a lot of people, send an email and pass it on to everyone. Hope you understand why I think computers are a good thing to have in the new society. I have that they make life easier. It also helps us understand our life today and it helps us talk to people all over the world. Hope you agree on my subject.
@ ORGANIZATION2, Technology has developed considerably in recent decades. He has helped mankind so much, from buildings to new inventions. Yet there is growing concern as to whether it is beneficial or not? People get lazier because of the many things you could do with it. I think it benefits us all. We learned a lot from it. The computer shows what man is capable of doing. We can learn about many cultures with it. Students use it to study and improve the appearance of their projects. I asked @ CAPS1 @ PERSON3 from @ ORGANIZATION1 about the case. He says it can expand our knowledge. We are worried about the amount of paper we lose each year. With computers, it is no longer possible to go green. You can make powerpoints on the computers instead of using so much paper for a long essay. We could do some tests on computers. I think the future will be all about computers. You can send an email instead of using letters. For example, my friend @ PERSON2 said her school does not use paper and uses computers. They saved money and paper thanks to powerpoints, etc. I miss my family at @ LOCATION1. I want to see them. Not just by talking on the phone. I use the computer to talk to them mainly. I asked @ NUM1 people if they preferred to use a computer to talk to their family or use a phone. @ NUM2 on @ NUM1 said they preferred the computer. I know I try to make them great, but they have a downside. Games are horrible for the computer. People are just going to play and play all day. Online games make it even more fun, which makes them more lazy. There are so many games for the computer it's horrible says @ PERSON1 of @ ORGANIZATION3. In conclusion, computers will be something that will help us for a long time and benefit us. Other than the fact about games, I agree with that downside. I hope I have shown you as an independent person that my statement is true.
My take on the effects of computers is that computers help you, but people shouldn't be using computers very much because people should be exercising, interacting with family, and enjoying nature. Exercising is more important than a computer because it will make you healthy, you won't get so sick. Interacting with family is more important than a computer because @ MONTH1 helps you have a friend but not a family helps you when you are helping and maybe that friend in the computer maybe not real, that is why it is important to interact with the family. And the last thing that is more important than a computer is enjoying nature. It's fun because you are not bored. You are out and about you will not be thinking about the computer because you will be enjoying it so much. My opinion is that computers should only be us to see your mail or to learn something that you want to find out on the computer.
Dear local newspaper, I believe that computers are a great help to society, I will explain my thoughts and ideas to you. Hope you agree with me after reading this. To begin with, I would like to say that my first subject is communication, computers allow us to talk to ordinary people or to people all over the world! There are many ways to talk, text, speech, and webcam, and it's not like you can't talk to them. Second, I would like to say that computers have a great way to create. On a computer, you can program @ CAPS3, design presentations, documents, drawings, maps, graphics, almost anything you can think of can be done virtually. You can collect information from server websites, @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3, you can create and learn a lot on your everyday computer. I am not cracked! There are @ CAPS4, @ CAPS5, @ CAPS6, reading sites, books all on the web ! This gives the "web researcher" the possibility of having a large amount of information ! and allow him to learn much more in everyday life. Finally, I would like to say that computers have a wide range of entertainment! There are many choices like videos, movies, @ CAPS18, @ CAPS1, games, whatever suits the user or computer users. On a game, a user @ MONTH1 is talking to friends, while @ CAPS14 a game such as (@ CAPS8 @ CAPS9) for example @ CAPS10 @ CAPS11 @ CAPS12 online, @ CAPS13 @ CAPS14 game. This kind of games spins entertainment enthusiasts for the great fun they can endure while @ CAPS14 has @ CAPS8 @ CAPS9. Another type of entertainment is videos which people can watch videos and movies on video and more website which has a database of not thousands but millions of videos and movies. All the user wants is some text and a click! The last type of entertainment is @ CAPS1 and @ CAPS18, these allow the user to live on a daily basis or to take friends, family or loved ones. To sum it all up, I would like to tell you in the local newspaper that you should agree that computers are good for society! Please review and choose the correct @ CAPS2 !
Dear @ CAPS1, I think this is a good idea because you can play games and talk to your family or friends and listen to music. My first reason is to play games. When you are bored and have nothing to do, all you can do is go to the computer and play all kinds of games like cars, shooting, arcade games. You can do all of this if you are bored or just want to go to the computer. My second reason is to talk to friends or family. If your brother or sister or any of your family members live in a different state and you would like to talk to or see them, all you have to do is ask them "@ CAPS2 is your email address. and if they have myspace or facebook, you can talk to them for as long as you want. You can also talk to your friends on these websites. My main reason is to listen to music. You can also listen to music. music on your computer by going to @ CAPS3 or downloading frostwire or something like that. You can listen to all kinds of music like hip-hop, rap rock or havey rock. If you want to listen to any song, you will need the name of the song and something the artists call. This @ CAPS2 I think they should put and @ CAPS2 they should choose.
What could be more fun, standing in front of a blank computer screen all day or spending the day in nature with your friends and family ? Well, if you don't know it, I know it. I took a survey at my school with the exact same question and @ PERCENT2 some kids said hanging out with friends and family is more than spending all your time on the computer, and there are three reasons why which they said that. First, instead of talking to people on the computer, rather than in person. Then it's unhealthy, and finally a lot of bad things can happen on the internet. So if you are interested in this topic, read on and I will prove that the computer is not a good way to spend your free time. Do you know what the computers were for? Computers were you people, but for a second, instead of interacting with people, you should be interacting with the people around you. Instead of going to facebook / myspace to talk to your friends, just drop them off. If you do this, it's not only more fun, but healthier for you. So next time, think about the other options. In my last paragraph, didn't I say hanging out with friends is a lot healthier than being? Well I was absolutely @ PERCENT1 ! Did you know that when you prune, you only hurt yourself ? Well you are when all you do is sit in front of a screen you are not doing anything to help yourself because you are absolutely exercising. When you're not on the computer, at least walk around a bit, but typing doesn't do anything for you. That's why people shouldn't be spending all of their time on the computer. Have you ever heard of a predator on the internet? Well, if you allow me to summarize for you. An Internet predator is someone who uses the computer to trick people they don't know to do inappropriate things. And did I say it was against the law, because it is. So if you ignore a friend because if you don't, bad things. And that's just one of the reasons people spend so much time on the computer. So, now you know why people shouldn't spend as much time on the computer as they usually do. First, instead of talking to people on the computer, go in person. Then it's unhealthy predators and finally the Internet. So, the next time you open your laptop, do you just think it's more fun walking in front of a blank computer screen or spending the day in beautiful nature with friends and family ? And always remember what it is.
Computers have a positive effect on people. Computers can help people learn about news about the world, places and people. Computers can also help people communicate with each other. Computers can also teach hand-eye coordination. People who support technological advancements believe that computers have a positive effect on people. Without computers, people couldn't learn new things. On a computer, you can discover new places. People could see where something is, locate it, or learn more about the place. I remember when I was working on a project on @ LOCATION2. I had no idea what to do about it, so I went to the computer and searched for @ LOCATION2. He told me that @ LOCATION2 was located at @ LOCATION1. Then he showed me a photo of @ LOCATION2, and the history of the country. Without the computer, I would not have been able to discover this fascinating country. On a computer, you can also learn about historical and famous people. On computers, you can read biographies of them or watch videos about how they got famous. People used to read the news in a newspaper, on computers, you can also do it without paying the cost of buying a newspaper. Computers can also give you a live feed of what's going on in the world. Without computers, people couldn't learn. On computers, you can also communicate with people who are far away. A scientist did a study on the way people communicate. @ PERCENT1 of @ CAPS1 reported using a computer to communicate with other people. People can use a webcam, lens, or email to communicate with other people. To communicate with my family at @ LOCATION2 I use a webcam. To communicate with my friends, I use email or the goal. Writing letters is too slow, on the computer the other person you are talking to can respond immediately. On a computer, communication is made easier. A computer can also teach you hand-eye coordination. On a computer, you see something on the monitor and you can click on it without looking at the mouse to click. It can help you in sports and give you quick reflexes. In many sports, you need hand-eye coordination. For example, in basketball you have to look up as you dribble or fall. The computer can give people quick reflexes and help people in sports. Computing should be part of the daily life of society. Computers have a positive effect on people and they can help people learn new things, such as places, people, and news about the world. Computers are very beneficial to society.
Dear local newspaper, I am writing to you because I think the folks at @ LOCATION1 are using too many computers these days. I think instead of staying home on your sloth and playing Farmville and your pets on Facebook, you should go out more. I think you should @ CAPS8 the gym and work out you should @ CAPS8 at the park or have a family night out with your kids (@ CAPS1 you have some) The last thing I think you should @ CAPS7 is @ CAPS8 have a little "@ CAPS2" time eg do you get something good (you'll have time in a sec) @ DATE1 all you did is stay home playing Farmville and other games and what's not you are probably getting very fast and eating well ? well @ CAPS1 @ CAPS3 .... boy you've put on a few pounds from @ DATE1 and look like you need to hit a gym. by sitting on the @ CAPS9 every day you have calories or fat @ CAPS3 when you eat, all you do is gain weight. and @ CAPS4 you probably don't want. @ CAPS7 do you have a family? Well @ CAPS1 you @ CAPS7 I think taking a family trip to the park would be fun or going to @ ORGANIZATION1 would be a fun way @ CAPS3 to get rid of those keys and your head with your kids. Also, you should do other family fun night out and play games and hang out with family in family fun night out, you can play characles or board game. (as long as you don't have one in your house) My last favorite is "@ CAPS4" Time. During the time "@ CAPS4", you can do your shopping for lunch / dinner, you even take a card. you need to relax and just take a break. Well, these are my suggestions for you. @ CAPS3 now it's your turn to get out of the virtual world and put your head back into reality.
Dear @ CAPS1, computers are an incredible advantage to use these days. They are easy to learn to use, you can connect with old friends and even learn by going to an online school or college that they offer. Computers are an amazing advancement and that is why you should be using one. Who doesn't like computers? They are easy to learn to use and come in a variety of forms. Almost all students have a computer or a laptop. They could never have used one before, but then they learned how easy it was. Most computers are already installed with the necessary programs, including: @ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3, or some form of @ CAPS2, virus protection software, and other simple software. Moving is very difficult, you are moving from a place where you have so many friends to a place which is so new to you. Computers make this much easier by allowing you to connect with them without having to wait for mail while writing letters. There are emails, facebook and myspace that allow you to chat with old friends, new friends or even relatives. Some people say these things are dangerous, it's only if you start talking to people you don't know. People keep coming up with more ways to stay connected, so don't miss this opportunity. These people are so smart that they have found a way to have school online. It is very useful for someone who is injured or who is trying to get another degree to get a better job. People have homework assignments, and each class only takes about a month or two. People can do their jobs or enjoy nature because their day is open and light. Of course, people aren't taking advantage of the campus, but with the price of gasoline these days, it's worth it. So don't be the person sitting doing nothing, buy a computer and stay in touch with technology. Remember, computers are easy to use, so you can stay connected with your friends and go to school with them. This technology can help you more than it can harm you.
Dear Diary, @ NUM1 % of @ CAPS9 jobs use computers during the day. The invention of computers changed our world in a positive way. Our company needs @ CAPS1. @ CAPS1 helps our world @ CAPS9 by teaching faraway places and their cultures, uniting our world with new conversation skills and helping workers have better jobs. Let's go on. "@ CAPS1 is the best electronic tool created by the world" @ CAPS5 @ PERSON4 a teacher in @ ORGANIZATION2. Today the world is running thanks to @ CAPS1, while @ CAPS1 is growing ! Our culture was losing ground, but over the years the cultures and @ CAPS1 started to work together. “@ CAPS2 you want to know more about a culture, just go on the internet” @ CAPS5 a teacher from @ CAPS3. Culture is really important to our world because it is what we were before technologies existed @ PERCENT1 of global culture can be found on the internet or in our computers. @ PERCENT2 people @ CAPS2 they need to search they don't go to the country to do their research instead the first thing they think of is @ CAPS1 because they can find what they need at any time . Let's go on. @ PERCENT3 people agree that the invention of computers helped bring our nations together. @ CAPS9 days, you can talk via @ CAPS1 with a person at @ LOCATION2 without having to go to @ LOCATION2. "The creation of @ CAPS1 has created a new revolution in the way of communicating" @ CAPS5 @ PERSON1 a young student of @ ORGANIZATION2. "@ CAPS4 of my international calls I make using a calculator, and there are so many ways to talk, it's so easy too." @ CAPS5 a mother of a student at @ CAPS3. Computers use @ PERCENT4 more than cell phones because it's cheaper, "@ CAPS7 true, you can see our nation changing, it's the best thing a human has created" @ CAPS5 the professor of @ ORGANIZATION1. Go further. Did you know that @ PERCENT4 of our jobs in @ ORGANIZATION3 is mostly computer use. Even engineers use computers, eg @ LOCATION1 @ CAPS8. the engineer. Awarded by the president @ PERSON3. He @ CAPS5 that "@ PERCENT5 of his job uses a @ CAPS1. Statistics have proven that @ CAPS2 you know how to use a @ CAPS1 gives you a higher opportunity than a higher salary than you would have received when you didn't know nothing on @ CAPS1. Another statistic should be that @ CAPS2 you know and use computers, you would live longer and happier. @ NUM2 @ ORGANIZATION2 Student agreed his friend has better jobs @ CAPS2 they know how to use computers. "Computers have helped young adults have a better opportunity in life" @ CAPS5 the teacher of @ ORGANIZATION4. "@ CAPS9 days are essential for knowing how to use @ CAPS1" @ CAPS5 @ PERSON2 a teacher of @ CAPS3. @ CAPS1 has helped the world change better. Let’s finish up. @ CAPS1 is a tool that @ CAPS4 from our nations has used. @ CAPS1 has helped to experience new cultures from other countries, as well as new ways of speaking r to someone in the world from the comfort of your home just using a computer and "the @ CAPS7 practice may be how to use @ CAPS1 when you're app fancy a job. @ CAPS1 made us a better world. Remember, without computers, we are who we are.
Dear Local Newspaper, Are Computers a Bad Thing? Certainly not ! They can be entertaining but in an illuminating way. How? 'Or' What? Computers give you extra knowledge, you can connect with people, and if you think they're stopping you from exercising, they don't, they can actually help you exercise ! My number one reason that computers are a positive device to have is that they can give you extra knowledge. It's great for the brain! When you're sitting at home with a ton of, think again, the computer is there for you. Ask or search for anything and you should have a @ PERCENT1 guarantee that your answer will be found ! If you feel like you don't know a lot of interesting topics like some culture or something you've heard, your computer can tell you. A single computer can enlighten you with so many things. Now when you go back to school you can brag and say "@ CAPS1 you know?" People will be amazed. Lately experts have been concerned that the computer is a distraction and will prevent you from exercising and enjoying nature, @ CAPS2, don't worry, you can just learn n ' anything about nature when you surf the web ! You @ MONTH1 are learning more about what's in your maryard than you already knew. Exercise! Are you worried that you are not getting enough exercise? @ CAPS2 then go to youtube.com, type in exercise and practice. You'll come up with millions of exercise routines that you can do right in front of your computer. Another thing you can do online to find out how to stay healthy and exercise ! Finally, the experts have been that we, the people, don't socialize and interact with our family and friends. I would say we spend more time interacting with our friends and loved ones online than in public. With sites like Facebook, @ CAPS3, @ CAPS4, @ CAPS5, and more, we are talking to these people instantly ! We set up our weekend plans online and a big part of our social life is there. Sometimes we have a family that lives remotely, no one wants to pay for a call, so we have the internet to connect! In short, knowing, exercising and connecting with friends are all positive elements in the computer. You can multi-taser so easily with just one electronic device and that's the computer! Experts, you don't have to worry.
Dear Editor, Have you ever stopped to wonder what was most important? Of course, I can talk about anything, but what about computers versus family, friends, nature, your own health, etc. Well, I ask myself this quite often, and I think it is so much more worth being with family and friends than being in front of a computer. There is so much more that I can tell you, and right after my very first reason, how could there be another side to it? Why is it that kids these days can't just run to the bus stop without feeling completely out of breath? I think it's because they don't get enough much needed exercise ! For example, instead of sitting at the computer, children and even adults can take advantage of the gym. Moreover, children can get more involved in school sports so that they can not only participate in sports, but they can also get involved in school! Finally, just by taking a short walk with your dog, you not only walk and get much needed exercise, but you bond with your loyal friend. Have you ever looked out the car window when you just found yourself sucked in to all the beauty that nature has to offer? Well, if you have, I guess you will never have too many, but if you don't, it's probably because you are spending way too much time on the computer! There are so many different ways for people to learn to appreciate nature better, such as sitting on a park bench in @ TIME1, while soaking up the fresh air and sunlight. Or you can take a slow, relaxing bike ride on a trail with a constant cool breeze, rubbing your face with each of your wheels. Finally, you can choose a hot day to sit on the beach and listen to some music, next to the salty ocean. How to resist these temptations? Finally, I believe family is the most important thing to miss! Without family or friends, you miss out on so many good ethics and experiences. You lose out on having a great, lifelong relationship, and how could you turn down the offer to be with the people you love ? In conclusion, I think the computer takes away most of the things that no one deserves to live without. I mean, how could anyone live without their family, friends, the beauty of nature and their own health? This is why everyone should make the right decision to take charge of their life responsibly, and the same question, which is more important?
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1, do you think the computer has good or bad effects on people ? It was bought in the mind of @ CAPS10 that people are fighting about computers @ CAPS3 to @ CAPS2 a doubt, I think computers have a positive effect on people. @ CAPS10 thinks the arguments are that people find the ability to talk online with other people and help with schoolwork. First of all, computers give the ability to learn from distant places. This is really useful @ CAPS3 you @ CAPS3 you want to know more about @ CAPS4 you can go to the end of the computer google "@ CAPS4 @ CAPS6". By doing this, you will find a lot of information about @ CAPS4. I should have tried it before. Whereas computers that give you this ability to learn from distant places are really useful to human society. Second of all IT people to talk to other people in the world. It's really useful @ CAPS3 you want to know more about people around the world. It's different from Googling Fatcs on other people. It's free because @ CAPS3 you search on google @ CAPS3 your online chat with someone you have In @ CAPS10 thoughts this is the best way to help friends and family @ CAPS3 than they do not all computers can help with schoolwork. This is useful for students and the world or for another. It reminds me of the time I had for @ CAPS1 a nine planets project. I must have found a lot of information so that also means a lot of books and a lot of reading. It is therefore the easiest and fastest way for the @ CAPS1 @ CAPS10 project. I went on the internet in @ CAPS10 and got all the information I needed. So I finished the @ CAPS10 project and directed it to @ CAPS10 teacher. She gave me a @ PERCENT1 for a project note. I got a @ PERCENT1 because I misspelled the name @ CAPS10, but it doesn't matter. What I have to tell you is that computers help students do schoolwork like projects. @ CAPS2 thinking I know computer has a positive effect on @ CAPS10 three arguments are that computers allow you to learn from faraway places, allow you to talk online with other people and help you with schoolwork . Please take the side of @ CAPS10 and believe that computers have a positive effect on human society.
Dear Local News Hour Editor, daily use of an @ CAPS1 has a positive effect on people, don't you agree ? People should use an @ CAPS1 more often. I think everyone should have at least one or two computers in their house, they were invented for a reason. Computers allow you to interact with friends and family, help with schoolwork, and, I guarantee you will have a great time using a @ CAPS1 playing games and meeting new people. If you have homework to complete, computer help will work. If you need to do some research, you can just go to a google website and what you need to know will be right in front of your eyes in seconds. Computers can also help. There is an icon inside one of your documents. I read an article on @ CAPS1 about @ PERSON1 stating that "@ CAPS1 users are the most likely to be successful in school". Interacting with friends and family is always one. Maybe you don't understand if you've been assigned to a certain class. You @ MONTH1 add a friend and you will tell yourself what has. Talking to family members can do you good in so many ways. You may have trouble in your social life, you can always secretly talk to a family member or friend through @ CAPS1. I remember I had some difficulties with some friends and one of my cousins gave me great advice via an instant messaging program called "@ CAPS2". I guarantee you will have a great time using a @ CAPS1. There are many games that you enjoy @ MONTH1. Playing these games will teach hand-eye coordination, @ PERSON2 says. You can meet new people who can also give you great advice. Like you, computers have a lot of positive effects on people. You can interact with your family and friends, get a lot of help with schoolwork, and meet a lot of new people. Take my advice and buy a @ CAPS1.
How much free time do you spend on the computer on a daily basis ? It is proven that people up to the age of fifteen also spend on average @ NUM1 - @ NUM2 hours of their free time on a computer. People between the ages of sixteen and forty-eight spend @ NUM1 - @ NUM4 hours of free time per day on their computers. Too much time spent on the computer can interfere with physical activities, social time, and health issues. Computers have good advantages here and there, but mostly they have a negative effect. During this decade, the percentage of exercise has decreased and computer bills have increased. Americans have now spent most of their time surfing the Web, playing online games, and interacting with online discussion forums. After school, children come home and turn on their computers instead of going outside for a run and play. More and more people across the country have gained weight due to unhealthy diets and lack of exercise. Many local sports have lost teammates due to the lack of desire for physical activity due to computers. Many people have stopped dating their friends and family because of computer use. What's running through @ CAPS1's mind these days is " why go out and talk to my friends, when I can talk to them online ?" " I think the opposite. Get out of the dark house and go see my friends. I don't even go online every day. I check my homework and shopping online for twenty minutes. Computers have a major effect on social life, such as going out and being confident to meet new people. Finally, health problems multiply rapidly! The reason we now have shows on @ CAPS2 about people with weight and health issues may be related to the negative effect on people. Like @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4, and the obese have shown how people gain weight. I think at least @ PERCENT1 of these people are spending too much time on the computer and not exercising. Eating @ PERSON1's and then coming home to play online games will definitely increase health issues like weight, unhealthy organs, muscles not functioning properly, and eye and brain damage caused by non-stop mouse and screen. . People should stop spending so much time on the computer and go out or be active, because using the computer has a negative effect. It interferes with social time, health and physical activities. Stand up and prevent the negative effects of computers.
Dear local newspaper, I support technological advances. I'll tell @ NUM1 to think it over. One is a rainy day. I don't think you're going to be playing in the rain so you can go to the computer and play games. Talk to friends. Or you can use the computer for school work or for work. Say you need to look for something for school, and you can't get to bed, but you have a computer at home. You can use it to find information. You can use the computer to learn how to do something like doing something and more. You can use the computer after school if you can't go out and hang out with your friends. You can do anything with them online. Last things you can ask your friends if there is any homework so you don't miss it. This is why I support technological advances.
Dear @ CAPS1, Everyone loves computers, don't they ? These computers can help us with anything. They also give people facts about faraway places. And not only that, but if you have someone who lives far away, you can chat with them online ! What would this world be without computers? First of all, I would like to talk about how the computer can help us with anything. Computers can give us pictures of places, you can watch videos and even see movies for free! You can also check the weather, and if you are going to an airport, you can check the time of the flight or whether it was canceled or not. There are so many things the computer can help us with! Now it can also give you factual opinions, pictures, videos and movies from far away places. Like once I was going to @ LOCATION1 to visit but there was a terrible storm there so the flight was canceled and I went to the computer and I checked and he told me that it had been canceled. Also, if you are somewhere far away, you can watch videos on this place. They also have maps to guide you through the path. And not only that, but you can also check the traffic on the freeway so that you don't get stuck there. Wow, imagine living without a computer! Third, if you can chat online with your friends or family! If you miss someone or just want to talk, there are some websites that allow you to do that. Like @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3 and @ CAPS4 ! And you also see the person if you connect a camera to your computer, it's called video chat. And you can do it anyone, anywhere, anytime! In conclusion, all of this can only be done with a computer. Help you with anything. Give people facts about faraway places. And, you can talk online. There are many more but just so you know you will need to go to the store and get yourself a computer!
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, I understand that something has happened with the computers. People think they are good. People, they are bad. The others don't care. People just don't understand the present tense. Society is very different from when parents were children. People just don't understand modern society. I will explain the pros and cons of computers to you. Computers have many advantages. You can find information quickly. Communication with people all over the world is a huge advantage. Computers keep kids and teens entertained. There are games on the sites. Computers are the thing we use today. A lot of things are done by computers, computers also save you from wasting money on books because you can just google them. Computers have many drawbacks. They cost a lot of money. Computers can crash. There could also be some stupid websites that have no purpose like facebook and myspace. Computers are complicated if you don't grow up with them, it's hard to learn. The government has all of its information on computers. If they didn't, people could steal a lot of information. Computers are the best thing we've invented so far. It helps with a lot of tasks these days. There is an endless amount of information in the world, and computers help find it. I hope this letter has informed you better about computers. Both good and bad things flow from it. But, it's mostly good. Children and teens would be so bored that they would drive parents crazy.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, An ordinary day for one person, with a computer, includes at least three hours of computer use per day. Today people, especially teenagers, spend their precious hours wasting time on sites like facebook, myspace @ CAPS1 and more ! Think about it, sitting in a chair with your eyes glued to the computer when you could be exercising, spending time with family and friends, or enjoying nature? After all, do we really need a computer? Obesity is one of the biggest concerns in the country today. However, we can prevent it! We certainly don't help this problem when we have kids. Adults sitting in a chair most of their day doing nothing! We're so lucky that our city has at least two fitness buildings that anyone can attend instead of using the computer. And even if you can't go to a gym, you can easily walk around your neighborhood. There is a running program held at our local beach, @ LOCATION1, where you can get a workout or even have a little competition ! Please exercise is the key to everyone's health and there are many ways to exercise, but using the computer is not one of them ! Teachers, parents, child writers, everyone stays away from computers and stays in shape! Family and friends are the ones that really make us happy, but if we're on the computer, how are we going to see them? More and more people are making less effort to see people in person. Instead, many people are video chatting through cameras on the computer. We need to change this habit. Everyone needs to socialize face to face. If we socialize through computers, our socialization skills might worsen because you are not practicing socialization skills such as eye contact. Instead of talking to people online, we could have fun with these same people at an amusement park, restaurant, park, or just our barkyard / house. The world is so beautiful with so many places to see but society is too busy to see it because we have been on computers for a long time. Our computers consume so much energy and pose a threat to the world, @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 ! Instead of having fun on the computer, we could go for hikes, beach walks, even on our street, or play outside in our backyard. On a computer, you can see magical places like beaches, but you cannot interact with them. If we leave our computer, we could swim at the beach or at the pool ! Nature is so beautiful, why never? @ PERCENT1 of @ LOCATION1 residents own computers and spend most of their day there. We could improve obesity, spend more time with family and friends, and explore nature ! let's make a change so we can do all of these things !
Dear local newspaper, I think computers have a positive effect on people because they teach hand-eye coordination. You can also learn about different people and places. But it also allows us to communicate with people online. Computers have a positive effect on people because they teach hand-eye coordination. Because it is important to have the eye-hand. And when you're in the world, you've got to be able to look at something and pick it up or tell if you're having a fight with someone. It is therefore important to have a hand eye. Another reason I think computers have a positive effect on people is that you can learn more about it on the Internet. Like learning about distant places and people. The internet therefore gives you a great opportunity to learn more about the earth, other than your backyard. So technically, it prepares you for life. My last reason I think the computer has a positive effect on people is that it allows people to talk to other people who are online. For example, you don't have a phone but you have a computer and you have to tell someone something very important ; you can do it online. And people say it's one of the fastest technologies known to mankind for people who need it. These are my three reasons why I believe the computer has a positive effect on people. And if you don't believe me, go to a computer and see for yourself. You will not be disappointed.
Dear local newspaper, I am writing to you about the use of computers and how bad they are for society. As people exercise less, enjoy nature, and have fewer interactions, they do more harm than good to the world. Almost everyone has a computer and it gets used to it more and more and that just takes away a good time to get active outside. First, exercise is a very important part of the day and it happens less and less because children are sitting in front of their computers all day. There is so much talk these days that we are the biggest country. Well, here's one of the biggest reasons almost everyone goes to a computer screen instead of being active. Computers are a big deal and they cause laziness most of the time because now if you miss your favorite @ CAPS1.V. watch just look online you will find it. Or if you're doing a project, just look online and you'll find more than enough information and it's just one click away. Second, enjoying nature is a rare thing now. All you have to do is search online and you might find a photo of your front yard. there are a lot less people outside. Because who needs to hang out when you could chat with a friend or just be on @ ORGANIZATION1 searching for new tech. People who are always on the computer don't care about the environment because they waste electricity and have more fun with the Internet at home than they do. There are a lot less people going now because who has to go to @ LOCATION1 when you can just search for photos of @ LOCATION1. It takes away the sensations that people used to go to places outside of the house and see parts of the world far away firsthand rather than through the computer. Third, there is less personal interaction between everyone. Kids who text, @ CAPS2, or chat on facebook more than speaking in person with friends lose their speaking skills to have a conversation. Because in line, you have time to think, and when you talk in person, you have nothing to say because you can "@ CAPS1 think and you are not speaking to your full potential. The people see each other less now that they can text and talk on the computer Friends and family are starting to know less about who you are because you can '@ CAPS1 see emotion through a computer. Also, they say you can find out more about someone by @ NUM1 minutes of playing with them and then @ NUM1 minutes of chatting with them. However, friends make friends now without even knowing that person fully. knowingly. Finally, computers are more than good for everybody and they become more and more unhealthy. people are doing less exercise, not appreciating the nature and as having fewer interactions, people simply waste their time in front of a computer screen to magnify rather Don't go out with people and pass a baseball. There are so many better ways for people to spend their time than in front of a computer. Why are @ CAPS1 seeing this ?
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS2 has drawn attention to the fact that many people disagree whether computers have a good or bad effect on those who use them. In @ CAPS2 opinion, they are not beneficial. First, when on the computer, people have less time to exercise. In addition, computers do not always have appropriate sites. Finally, people have less time to interact with their family and friends. I believe for these reasons that computers have such bad effects on people. Undoubtedly, people who spend hours on the computer every day have less time to exercise @ NUM1 on every @ NUM2 young adults are obese. This is because most teens sit indoors to watch @ CAPS1 or go online instead of being active. Some students are so addicted to computers that they never go out! I understand that computers can be useful for doing school work, but kids who never get out of it may have life-threatening weight issues in the future. As you know, there are many websites that are not suitable for teens that can be accessed on a computer. Parents must constantly worry about what their child (ren) is doing to make sure it is not wrong. If fewer teens used computers as often as they do, they would be lifting their parents' shoulders. I remember reading a newspaper article about a girl named @ PERSON1 on a website chatting with a "@ NUM3 year old boy who later came to find her and turned out to be @ NUM4. If the kids were not so addicted to computers that they would not access these websites. Many teens spend all day there on the computer, leaving no time for family and friends. For example , when a friend calls and asks his brother @ CAPS2 to go skateboarding he says he's busy while he's just on Facebook, @ A friend from CAPS2 once said to me "sorry, i can't go to the pool today, i will play roller coaster tycoon. ". As you can see, computers have a negative effect on many people. They prevent people from having fun, expose kids to appropriate websites and take precious time with family and friends. Hope everyone agrees that the computer is not good for people. .
Dear @ CAPS1 in @ CAPS2, computers today are one of the best discoveries in the world. On the one hand, they help in our educational processes. They also help connect people all over the world in a short time and are a necessity in scientific research. Overall, computers are the best thing that has ever happened to mankind. First and foremost, our children today are already struggling in their education systems. But with the new computers, they are striving to achieve every goal. Teachers can't tell them everything, but computers can, beneath that hard drive hides a wealth of knowledge waiting to be absorbed by greedy minds. Plus, in today's world, the expectation is almost non-existent. Learning to type gives these children a better chance for success later in life. Family, say your child is out @ NUM1 on school day. Normally, they would miss their homework. But now they can check it out online and resume their crucial education when they feel better, unless you want to risk the future workforce of tomorrow, computers are an essential tool for us and our children. One of the best things in this world is that we are all different, connecting with each other helps us learn to talk to each other and move forward as a society. Getting connected through the internet through programs like @ ORGANIZATION1 is important for businesses as it helps them make decisions faster will ultimately affect us. But make no mistake about it. It can also be for fun, say the son and business trip from @ CAPS3 to @ LOCATION1. No problem. Just go on webcam with it and you won't have to miss it again. In government, problems evolve quickly and stealthily. To solve this problem, a president can quickly connect to his advisers while still being in his office. Connecting people through computers is maraculous and important to life as we know it. Plus, we wouldn't be if we did science if it hadn't been for computers. First of all, today we are making great strides in cancer research, rather than common computing. Without it, we might not even have kemotherapy. Let's face it, computers are faster than us ; much faster. But that's a divine thing, because faster processing means faster research. Whereas a simple @ MONTH1 machine does not tell us the remedy through its processing speed. It certainly brings us much closer to unraveling the mysteries hidden by certain diseases. Two minds are better than one. Even a scientist cannot know everything. But by connecting through computers to scientists around the world, they can analyze research and make very informed and responsible decisions. It will definitely extend our lifespan, and who doesn't want you to have a bigger size, some people say people are too glued to their computer screens. But keep in mind that these are the people who are helping you stay alive and lower your health care bill that you are talking about. So when you get sick and they find a cure, why don't you still complain that they only found it because they were strapped to their keyboards and monitors ! Trust them, they know what they are doing. So can we agree on life? Computers only do good things, like improving our youth's adventure, connecting our children, and helping us find cures for the world's most malignant diseases and illnesses. So help the world help you and go promote the use of computers in your community. It will only advance us more as a society in the end.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, I would like to let your business know that computers benefit society. Computers allow people to talk to friends and family, they are an important resource for many jobs as well as schoolwork, and they allow people to learn and store information. Computers are one of the greatest technological advancements we have. First and foremost, computers allow people to talk to their friends and family. I like to go on the computer mainly because I can talk with my friends. Computers are a great way to talk to friends you @ MONTH1 don't see often or just talk when you need them. I have a facebook and I always tell my friends about events going on at school or at school work. For example, last month I sprained my ankle and stayed home for a day after school. So I went on Facebook to @ TIME1 when everyone was coming home from school and my friend told me what was for homework that night. So, now, thanks to our computers, I could make up for the work that I had missed that day of school. Also, if you have family who live far away or someone in college, you can email them to keep in touch. My cousin is in college right now and I always talk to him on the computer to see how he's doing. For example, we always talk about the sports we participate in at this time of year. As you can see, computers are a great way to keep in touch with your family and talk to your friends. Second, computers are a big part of many people's lives because many jobs involve computers; as well as the school. Computers are a very useful technology because people use computers to pay bills, jobs and more. For example, my dad tests computer programs as a job. The programs are built, then corrected and revised, then finally broadcast around the world. If people were not allowed to use computers, many people would lose their jobs and many families would be in heavy debt. In addition, children do a lot of school work on the computer. For example, I take Spanish and earn culture points for my class by answering a question on the computer. Studies show that more than @ PERCENT1 of children use computers for some kind of school work. Computers are a big part of working society today. Finally, computers allow people to learn about different places in the world. The computer contains a lot of valuable information. There are fascinating facts and pictures about different countries. It also shows people around the world the culture, style, language, and many more facts about places around the world. For example my uncle was on the computer one day and he was looking for places at @ LOCATION1 and after a long thought process he and his family moved there and they still live there to this day. Computers make people learn and see different places and @ MONTH1 one day leads them to something important. In conclusion, I am very convinced of how computers are good for society today. I know you will feel the same because computers have so much to offer.
@ ORGANIZATION1, @ PERCENT1 people around the world have used computers once in their lifetime. Whether it's researching information, sightseeing, or dressing up with friends, people are on the computer. They use their computers for work and play @ CAPS1 children use the computer for learning. Some scientists suggest that computers improve your hand-eye coordination, while others believe it makes people smarter because they see new things. You, @ LOCATION1 @ ORGANIZATION1 Newspaper employees, use a computer to type in the news. You are probably also using it for @ CAPS3 of the things listed above. Most of the jobs in the world have some part that has to do with computers. Farmers @ MONTH1 should keep records of their cash income. @ MONTH1 mechanics use the computer to create plans, @ CAPS2 agents use a computer to track all license plates. Babysitters @ MONTH1 need to do their homework. As you can see, @ CAPS3 tasks use the computer. How do you know people @ CAPS3 who have met someone or have a friend on the computer ? I know yes, the folks at @ CAPS3 are meeting friends on the computer. Have you ever heard of @ ORGANIZATION2 ? they bring people together. There are @ CAPS4, @ CAPS5, @ CAPS6 and @ CAPS3 other sites where you can chat with friends. All these reasons come together and say that the computer benefits society. They help people in several ways. I agree that we should be spending more time outdoors, but we should also be spending time indoors.
I think computers have a big impact on people. Computers are a good way to get in touch with @ CAPS1 with people, @ CAPS2 online, @ CAPS3 jobs, and @ CAPS3 fact information @ CAPS4. Computers might not be a good exercise for you @ CAPS5, but it helps you in life and also keeps you organized @ CAPS5 example it keeps @ CAPS5 buisneses and @ CAPS5 files the people who are in the he music industry computers make beats @ CAPS5 them and can also record @ CAPS5 them. computers help everyone at all ages. He helps the younger ones at school where they have to write an @ ORGANIZATION1 or have to do a project, and helps the older people @ CAPS5 with their work. Computers also help you keep track of what's going on in life, like on screens, seeing who has been injured or the weather. Really computers are really good @ CAPS5 whatever they help you do and it's really amazing how technology is changing. If it wasn't @ CAPS5 come veterans, I don't think some of us would be where we are today.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, @ PERSON1 has researched that @ PERCENT1 people think that computers have a positive effect on people. You can keep in touch with the realtives. Also, you can entertain yourself on long journeys. Computers have positive effects on people. Computers keep you in touch with your friends and are great entertainment. If you have long connections, you can stay in touch. Video chat lets you see and talk to someone virtually face to face from thousands of miles away. If you are sad and need someone to talk to, you are just a few clicks away from comfort. Plus, if you're in the military and have a baby @ ORGANIZATION1, you can watch them take their first steps or say theirs. Video chat was the only way to stay in touch, but you can just talk too, even without a computer. Aim and @ CAPS1 let you see what's going on with your friends that you might see every day or once a year at camp @ DATE2. @ CAPS1 keeps you in touch with whatever is happening with things like status updates. Aim allows you to speak only with your keyboard when typing messages to people. Mabey, you want to go to town with friends, just message them via @ CAPS1 or take aim. Computers are only one way to stay in touch, although you can stay while you travel. Computers allow you to do so many things to keep you entertained on long trips or even on rides. If you want to watch a movie, just put on a disc or even rent yourself from iTunes or Netflicks. If you want to listen to a song, download it in seconds and listen to your. You can also play video games on your computer. Just buy the game, install it and play. Computers are a good thing during downtime and have a positive effect on people. Computers keep you in touch with family, stay in the know with friends, and are a great source of entertainment for long trips or downtime. Computers are the bulb of @ DATE1.
Dear Diary, I think the effects are okay as long as we go out to the computers and go out to see friends and exercise. Computers not only allow us to talk to each other, but they also allow us to challenge ourselves in games without hurting ourselves, they might even stop anyway as we might challenge other countries in war games without kill real living. We can check our taxes and our inventory. It also makes it easier to find health insurance, car insurance and home insurance. We can search for historical facts on the computer. We can figure out how to keep the snake venom from reaching your heart and how to do a how and a few arrows to hurt. You can find plumbers, technicians, oil companies, and lumber companies. you can also find dates on the computer and find information about certain people.
Dear local newspaper, did you know that the average person spends @ NUM1 hours and @ NUM2 minutes a day on the computer ? That's why I think people spend a lot of time on computers. If people spent less time on computers, they would exercise more, be outdoors, and spend more time with family and friends. If people spent less time on computers they wouldn't exercise. With the growing problem of obesity in @ ORGANIZATION2, less time on computers would help this. Tests show that the less time you spend on computers, the more time you spend exercising. And with @ PERCENT1 of @ LOCATION1 obese, this world is helping a lot to solve this problem. I once had a friend who was always out exercising and playing. Then he got an @ CAPS1 account and he started staying at home on the computer all day and would never exercise. Less time on computers would also be outdoors. The result of one I took at my school said that @ PERCENT2 people would walk out if they couldn't use their computers. And if more people are outside they will notice how nature is and @ PERSON1 says using electricity in a house. So if everyone decided to shut down their computer, they would spend more time with their friends and family. that there are friends and family on programs like @ CAPS2, @ CAPS1 and he talks face to. And you could also do like in and you see people. use @ ORGANIZATION1 but you would need it. I would be much easier and less if you got to the computer and talked to them face to face. This is why I think people spend too much time on their computers and it has an effect on their life. If they weren't on the computer, they would spend more time exercising, more time helping the environment, and more time socializing with family and friends. So please @ LOCATION1 stop using the computer all the time.
Dear local newspaper, I think computers are a good thing to have. For example, they are entertaining, they communicate and help to create designs. My first reason is that computers are fun. I hate going to see nature. But I like to play video games on my computer. I always exercise because I go out and play basketball and then play on my computer. Computers are always a good thing because after @ CAPS1 is done with basketball, hanging out with friends or raining, I like to play good old fashioned gun shooting computer games. fire. My second reason is that you can communicate with computers. I like talking to my friends on Facebook. You can just log in and talk to anyone in the world. There is also video chat, you can actually see someone talking to you from anywhere. Plus, email is great for work. You can send information from one computer to another. My final reason is that every modern car you drive is designed from a computer. People use these computers and draw pictures to make cars. These are my reasons computers are good.
Dear Journal, The invention of the computer has had a great impact on today's society. Although many people look down on computers, computers allow us to perform essential tasks that are necessary in everyday life. Many people think that the applications on a computer are @ CAPS1 preventing us from doing other productive activities, but the applications that a computer contains are necessary for essential tasks. Applications such as the calculator allow to save time by avoiding to do all the work on a piece of paper. It allows you to do simple or complex calculations in just under @ NUM1 seconds. This is a great way to determine the amount of a tip, financial reasons such as keeping a lot of savings, or even the same basic math or science homework. Another great app is note taking which can be easily typed. This app allows you to take notes while typing, which again eliminates the need to write with pencil or paper. Note-taking on the computer can be used for easy-to-read notes to study from to get a good grade on an upcoming test or quiz. The most important and commonly used application on a computing device is the Internet. The internet has over millions of websites for many reasons. If you are planning to go to the movies tonight, the internet will surely give you the times, directions and length of the movie. It's also a great way to plan a family trip or book flights etc. Considering this, the apps are very useful. The computer is also a great device to use for learning. It allows you to search online for new topics such as distant places or people @ CAPS1 Would our country be online if we weren't educated about the outside world around us ? It is also an excellent learning technique for research. Our teachers now give us lots of projects and homework to learn new things, and @ CAPS1 is a great way to research our topic only on the computer. The fashion for @ NUM2 and @ DATE1 is just a project I did last month. The computer allowed me to find the garment that women and men wore, the material @ CAPS1 that they were made from, and even now they have managed to buy and get the material. Researching from my computer gave me a good understanding of my topic and helped me learn the basics of my topic. You will probably agree that communication can be used in a negative way, but communication is @ CAPS1 to make our world go round. The computer is one of the many devices used for communication. E-mail on a computer allows you to send messages to one or more people, regardless of the signal or service need. The blog is also a computer based medium of communication and gives you the freedom to express your feelings about education on a certain topic. Instant messaging is probably the must have used by teenagers. It's quick. It allows you to quickly talk to a person without waiting, for a response for more than days. In conclusion, the computer is essential to our everyday life and without the computer our people would not function!
Dear readers, I believe that computers are good for our country and also have a positive effect on people. This is because it saves paper by sending emails and also saves you money, you can also learn new things about different countries like @ LOCATION1, and lastly you can interact with people you know and talk to them and use technology to your advantage. These are some of the reasons why computers have a positive effect on the society and the lives of Wayores. First of all, computers help save the environment and they do it by preventing us from cutting down trees and turning them into paper. Do you know how many trees are felled per day around @ NUM1 trees and not all of them are immediately taken to factories to be turned into paper. But they stop heaps of logging sites and stay rotting, I can't do a good job or what they should be. I have the impression that trees have feelings like us but cannot speak without a mouth. So when you cut down a tree, it's like stealing. Using computers, we are saving trees and preventing all of this from happening. She is one of the reasons why computers have a positive impact on love and society. Second, to learn, you can learn a lot on a computer, all you have to do is research it. I learn a lot of things every day in school with the help of computers and I think computers are used they can be good at learning and @ MONTH1 has been a lot more in a lot less time than we would have had to find a book or the topic What are you looking for. Computers have had a big impact on kids, but we all get new things when we use computers. Computers are therefore a good thing and a bad thing. Finally, you can talk and interact with your friends. Technology has advanced so much that we don't see the world in perspective, like for example a cell phone, what do you mainly see as a phone. But if you open it, what do you find? You will find a microcomputer capable of surfing while playing music with a smaller size than before. computers have revolutionized the way we view the world and technology, we can talk and play games using this technology, most of what we see every day being used with a tech hike, playstation or even a car rardo. and all of this is used to help use ract with one on toher. So I see techknowlygy such a good thing. In conclusion, technology has a positive and negative impact through a more positive influence than a negative one. Techknowlogy helps us in our day-to-day lives and helps save the environment by allowing us to talk and save paper just at the push of a button. Technology has revolutionized mankind's way of life and their view of society, but it's ultimately a good thing for us. And so I concluded that technology / computers have positive and negative impact on society.
Dear @ CAPS1, I don't think people use the computer a lot. I think this is because some people use them for work, others for school, and others to talk to their family or friends who are not that close to them. First, most businesses need computers to keep them running smoothly. Like my mom was working, she needs the computer for payroll, inventory, emailing work on the job, and looking for companies providing concrete, stone, tips, etc. Business people have excuses for having to use computers all the time. Most business people also use computers to plan business trips. Second, children in school use computers to do homework, class work, research projects, or go to island study and education. Some children may choose to use computers inappropriately but at the same time in an interesting way. Like how cells divide into smaller cells, how bodily systems work, or how a girl or boy is made up from embryo to birth. In addition, most people use computers. Like @ CAPS2, people use @ CAPS2 to talk halfway around the world or you can use aim. I have both a cell phone for calling and texting people who live far away. I use aim to talk to all of my friends I use to face. So, don't say that everyone uses the computer too often and for the wrong reasons, because that is not true at all. Finally, while everyone is still on the computer, it's likely that they're talking to friends you haven't seen for a while or about work issues and school-related work. In my opinion, everyone will always use the computer because it is the way of life these days. So I don't think there are any effects on anyone because we all use it to our advantage.
Honestly, I absolutely and absolutely believe that children's internet use should be reduced in @ LOCATION2, for a number of reasons. And here are a few of them. First of all, the internet can make people very obese, for example, if your friend was going for a walk at your house, but then decided to @ CAPS1 instead, he probably doesn't get much exercise. In fact, the @ CAPS2 leader in @ LOCATION1 is no longer smoking. It's obesity. In fact, @ NUM1 @ CAPS3 are obese, and that number continues to increase. Another reason why internet usage should be reduced is because of bullies, hackers and terrorists. Because. And some I believe that this child in the @ LOCATION2
Dear Diary, This year my school and a cop come to my school and tell me and my classmates about the dangers of the Internet. It made me believe that computers are not beneficial. Computers are not beneficial because they impose bad habits. In addition, websites and some applications are dangerous. Moreover, they are very addicting. Computers have a bad effect on people. For starters, computers impose bad habits. For example, some websites are bad websites that say mean things about others. Some @ MONTH1 kids join in the cyberbullying because other kids are @ MONTH1 kids give in to peer pressure because they want to be accepted so badly by their peers. Also, someone @ MONTH1 agrees to meet someone they don't know. It can be scary because you don't know if this person really is someone you thought they were. Recently I read a magazine and there was an article about people going to meet other people online. Most people have found that this is not who they think they are. Finally, the computer enforces bad habits because people @ MONTH1 send someone questionable pictures to someone else. As I mentioned before, when the policeman came to our school, he talked about it. He said people were sending pictures of themselves that were inappropriate to other people. These other people would send it and in the end it was a horrible mess. I'm sure if computers didn't have a giant effect on people it wouldn't be as big of a problem as it is. Computers not only cause bad habits, but they are also dangerous. I'm sure if you listen to the news you will hear stories about child predators. I think this is a huge problem. If computers didn't have one on people, that wouldn't be a problem. Additionally, computers are dangerous because @ MONTH1 kids choose to make bad decisions because they don't know it. For example, many children who are on myspace or facebook haven't told their parents or guardians about internet safety. Or maybe their parents or guardians aren't monitoring them to make sure they're safe online. In conclusion, the computer is dangerous because feelings could be hurt because of myspace, facebook, blog, video, or maybe even more. As an illustration, once the news, I heard the story of a tense girl on the internet. She felt so bad that she committed suicide. I found it horrible. One person should never make a mistake, especially because another person couldn't be nice. In short, computers are very dangerous. Computers are also addictive. For starters, it makes you spend less time with your family. (not finished!!!)
As you can see, the technology nowadays is more and more advanced. It seems that there is a new invention that attracts many people to buy all the time. One electronic device that has been useful in many ways for people are computers. Many think that too much time is spent on this, but then I think about how beneficial it is. Computers can tell you pretty much anything you need to know, @ CAPS1 is the same country or how to fix a problem. @ CAPS2, computers are so advanced that you can talk to distant friends. Finally, computers help us give very precise directions, rather than finding a map. Suppose you are doing a school project on a country. By typing in exactly what you need to know, you can find your information in the blink of an eye. @ CAPS1 is population, density, languages, foods or vacations, computers are the easiest and easiest way to get this information. Or maybe you just want to know this country because you were interested in it. Maybe even if you are planning to visit this country, you will want to know where you will be spending your time. If you are planning to travel to a place that you have researched, you can order your plane tickets directly online. You can determine the routes you plan to take, which can help you plan your trip. Another reason why computers benefit so many people is the function of communicating with others, @ CAPS1 it brings a friend or family far away, or you are your best friend a few blocks away ; you probably still want to stay in touch with them. Computers are so advanced now that they have webcams; where you can visually see the person you are contacting directly in the computer. It's a more exciting way to talk to someone, especially if it's someone you don't see often and who @ MONTH1 even lives in another country, @ CAPS2, most teens like keep in touch almost every day. Usually, kids like to chat over instant messaging just for the sake of talking to your friends. Finally, computers allow us to know directions and routes. As mentioned earlier, computers can give direct instructions. It's easier to manage than using a map on the road. There are some websites where all you have to do is type in your exact location and exact destination and it will point out the specific roads and turns you need to take. In conclusion, those who are worried about those who should exercise, be outdoors, enjoy nature, should learn to spend time doing it, shorten time online, and learn how to be. on the computer, only when necessary.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 I understand that you are trying to decide whether or not computers are bad for people. For me, computers make our society antisocial, we become obese, and there is a lot of cyberbullying happening through computers. You can learn about all of this and more if you keep reading. @ CAPS2 stated that previous computers had many problems in @ LOCATION1's social life. You see @ CAPS2 a large portion @ CAPS2 @ PERCENT1 of our population spends at least @ NUM1 hours per week on the computer. By doing this, they usually are. watch videos or tweet a friend. This @ MONTH1 swimming like an activity, but it really takes us away from our social lives. There are many sites that allow you to chat with your friends and leave messages on their "wall" but is it really communicative? In a way it does, but it takes away some social skills that we will need later on. You can't get a job by instant messaging someone, you have to talk face to face. But how will we be able to do that if we only send emails and @ CAPS3 ? Plus, while you will be inclined to use in, you will only get a bad grade. Now we go to the problem that we see happening everywhere. You work on the computer. This activity, which they watch, allows you to do, every day, since he comes home and plays on the computer and spends more time exercising. Finally, we come to my last problem, cyberbullying. More of @ PERCENT2 of @ CAPS4 teens will face some kind of cyberbullying in their lives. When teens sign up on Facebook and Twitter, they're signing up for depression. When a teenager begins to be bullied, they usually become sad, which lowers their grades due to a lack of concentration, which makes them more depressed and may cause them to commit suicide or join gangs. and / or to become bad. But we can prevent this if we spend the time people @ NUM2 spend on computers. And I think I will take advantage of it. In conclusion, I think we are bad for society. I think it's us the time that could be lifetimes. I think if you take a deep look at what to say how will you understand why we need to make it healthier @ LOCATION1 ?
Dear (diary), This is a very controversial subject. I discuss. But on this one, I have to say I agree with the experts when they say that computers have a negative effect on people. It ruins their social life and other bad things. If you spend all of your time on the computer, you don't exercise, don't get fresh air, and you won't have the opportunity to discover the rest of the world. Not getting your daily exercise is a big deal. Obesity has already been a problem for millions of people in @ LOCATION1 And that's mainly because they eat unhealthy snacks while sitting in front of the computer all day ! you want to live a long, healthy life, don't spend all of your time staring at a screen. Plus, everyone needs fresh air, right? Going to the computer inside a room isn't going to help at all. You need your daily oxygen supply. Finally, if you are long enough, enough, it will become an obsession. Computers are already having a bad effect on people all around, and just think about the above. Another problem with computers is that they keep you away from family and friends. As mentioned earlier, the social life you had will be gone. With that in mind, people will always see you on the computer and eventually get sick of you. Computers don't bring any adventure, just pictures of them. Getting out into the real world can be difficult, but it's something that should be done. real life cannot be lived in a dark room without people and nature. Haven't you always wanted to travel the world, discover different types of cultures, ways of life, etc. ? It gets to the point where computer use should be limited, and living your life should be instead of your free time. Using a computer all day will not allow you to meet new people and see new places. You won't go anywhere with a computer screen in your face, so put it away ! In conclusion, the constant use of computers prevents you from exercising and getting fresh air. Meet new people and see different places everywhere. Ultimately, life is short, so you can't afford to waste it. computers have a negative effect on everyone, and hopefully one day these problems will be changed!
Dear local newspaper, I am very convinced by my opinion about the effects of computers on people as they help others communicate with each other, give people information about different kinds of things and make people more intelligent. To me that sounds like something with a positive effect, would you say? First of all, as some people say, it doesn't allow you to interact with family members. Yes that's right, you can interact with both your friends and family members by going to chat rooms like the lens, meebo.web cam meetings like skype.com. So throw out that concern or the window you are working in has to care. Second, you get information about different kinds of things like learning about wild animals, any animal like giraffe, cat, rat or learning about different places like @ LOCATION2, @ LOCATION3, and @ LOCATION1 etc. .. You can also find all of this information at home in one day. Most importantly, I would make people smarter, the computer teaches you hand-eye correspondence for free. Can the computer tell you about any career or regular job that you would need to learn in a matter of minutes, if necessary? In conclusion, computers have a positive effect on people, they allow people to communicate with their friends and family, teach you different kinds of things and it makes people smarter. Even though I had finished reading this, I thanked the Lord for the computer, it helps us so much.
Dear @ CAPS1, I am writing to you today about computers. I think computers can teach you things like hand-eye coordination and how that can open doors for you in employment. You can also socialize and study with this device. My first reason being socialization. I think it's a great way to socialize because of the many options. an example would be facebook. This is a social website used to connect or reconnect with friends. in a recent @ NUM1 poll on @ NUM2 people say computers have made them more social. Finally, computers are a great way to socialize because of the distance they can travel. You can talk to people without the long distance charges. It can go from @ CAPS2.S to Hungary in seconds. My second reason would be that computers are useful in studies. I would say this because while the books are good, they are hard to find. With the computer, you can access several sites. However, you can go from wikipedia to the infamous google in just. Another reason I think computers are good for studying is that you have endless stuff. you will get one. The loss . My third and final reason is that the computer gives you exceptional hand-eye coordination because I know an accountant. I asked him, “@ CAPS3 did you take this job as an accountant ?”, And he replied, “ They took me only because I have good hand-eye coordination. » @ CAPS4 this is a working example, another would be the actual state. Due to the multiple options of computers, you can search your client. However, with a good hand eye you can be more efficient at your job. It could help you dominate the competition, thus making you more money. This then ends my essay. By declaring with socializing, skipping school and ending up right on jobs and goodbye the steps. These are just @ NUM3 of the many generous things a computer can do. @ CAPS1 Hope you read this with regards.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, I think kids are spending too much time on the computer for the wrong reasons. I say this because all young kids and teens want to do is go to @ CAPS3 and @ CAPS4 all day long instead of doing research and stuff like that. I have three reasons why I think going to the computer for the wrong reasons instead of exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends is a # 1 reason @ CAPS5 because it is very dangerous and that there are sometimes kidnappers in the chat room. @ CAPS5 second reason is because they take the time to try to learn things on the Internet. @ CAPS5, the last reason is that interaction influences violence. There are @ CAPS5 three reasons, here more. @ CAPS5 The number one reason I say people spend too much time on the Internet is because it's dangerous. Young teens and children all enter an online chat room. Most of the time, it's bad because the kidnappers lie about their information so you can meet them, and then they take you away. So instead of being on the chatroom, you could be on the computer watching the daily news or searching like that. This is why I say that it is not always good to be connected to the internet if you are not or if you are learning more about the nation. @ CAPS5 second reason I spend too much time on the computer, which is great sometimes is that it prevents you from going in and going to the computer instead of doing homework while reading. @ CAPS6 love the computer sometimes more than he loves it is learned and that is not good because not knowing that I could if they got up they are on the computer for educational games but they don't. reason I am concerned that people use the computer a lot. @ CAPS5 the last reason I'm concerned that people overuse the computer is because internet on the computer can influence @ CAPS6 to be violent from @ CAPS5 in such a way that all games and anything that affects the world if they continue to see violence and things of that nature frequently. I say this because in this generation when they see violence it gives a more necessary image and then @ MONTH1 thinks it's cool to do it because @ CAPS6 loves @ CAPS3 more than a book on the computer more than 'a glance. When young teens see violence on the computer, @ MONTH1 thinks it's cool. This is @ CAPS5 the last reason I was worried that people were spending too much time on the computer. So these are some of the main reasons why I say the computer is not always a good one because people spend a lot of time on it.
Dear @ CAPS1, technology such as computer has been proven to have a positive effect on people. Computers teach you hand-eye coordination, they give you the power to discover distant places, and allow you to communicate with others online. Technology continues to develop and impacts our lives more and more every day. One of the ways computers benefit society is by teaching you hand-eye coordination. For example, when a person becomes firm with their computer, they are quickly able to type on the keyboard without even looking down to see which letter or number they are touching with their fingers. Although the person does not develop their hand-eye coordination @ CAPS2 while playing a sport such as baseball, they still do. Computers also benefit our society by giving others the opportunity to learn about faraway places. Instead of walking or driving to the library to find a book on @ LOCATION1 ; they can just go online and type @ LOCATION1 under a search engine. Within seconds, thousands of sources appear before your eyes, and you don't even have to get up from your chair! This is another reason why computers benefit our society. Finally, computers and technology benefit our society because they allow you to communicate with others, reconnect with old friends or family, or just share the latest drama in your art class. I know that whenever I'm in front of my computer my instant messenger is always open. It's something I use every day to communicate with my friends and distant realists. In conclusion, computers benefit society and have been shown to have a positive effect on people. Technology is like a sponge, it soaks up information and continues to expand each time you add it. * @ CAPS2 by doing this I am able to maintain strong and healthy relationships with others.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 are not bad for the company. In fact, they can be very good for people. Computers allow us to talk to people online. They can help us in school and give us the information we need to do the right things in life. People think they are bad, but all you have to do is look a little deeper and you will find the right one in @ CAPS7. @ CAPS5 people use @ CAPS2, <@ PERCENT2 @ NUM1> while @ CAPS7 needs to talk with people on @ CAPS3, @ CAPS7 is using video chat or email. People who don't like to use @ CAPS2 and email @ CAPS10 "@ CAPS4 does not use a phone or even speak to them in person." With e-mail, you can send a message about a mile away. If you send someone a list, a recipe for example. you don't want them @ CAPS10 over the phone. @ CAPS7 would be easier to type @ CAPS7, then email them @ CAPS7. "@ CAPS5 my son said. He was going to show me how to use email, I thought @ CAPS7 was going to be a waste of time," @ CAPS6 @ PERSON1, senior. "@ CAPS7 turns out, @ CAPS7 wasn't. Now I use email every day. A lot of people think email is a waste of time, but @ CAPS7 can help you in your life @ CAPS3 can help you from @ MONTH1 as well. @ CAPS7 can help us get information on various topics. If you are trying to cook a stir-fry but don't know what to put in @ CAPS7. You are trying to call your mom but she's not there. Your next choice is to search @ CAPS7 on @ CAPS2. @ CAPS7 turns out there is a website that gives a recipe for a stir-fry and you follow to make the best same. I know from experience that you can find maps to places online, as I have to go there almost every week. Google map is the most used place on @ CAPS3, besides email. Some newspapers have websites @ CAPS11, you can read the newspaper without paying re so for paper It saves you money and @ CAPS7 was less paper @ CAPS11 we can save trees. The huge world of @ CAPS3 can change our lives. @ PERCENT1 of the people who use the @CA PS2 almost every day are students. Students use @ CAPS2 for many reasons. The most important thing is to type. Students use typing to enter reports and emails. "I have messy handwriting", @ CAPS10 student, @ PERSON2. “@ CAPS11 if it weren't for the @ CAPS2 nobody could read my assignments and reports. Not even me” @ PERSON2 is one of the many people who are lucky not to hit the @ CAPS2. Another reason students use @ CAPS2 is to find information for reports. If a student puts a bibliography in their report, you will see that they used the @ CAPS3 @ PERCENT2 at the time. There isn't a @ MONTH1 book in a local library for a student to use, but the @ CAPS3 will have plenty of websites and blogs to use. The third reason is help. There are many websites that can help a student use to get help in any subject. The @ CAPS3 can help a student succeed in school. An @ CAPS2 can help anyone, whether it's talking to someone or helping a science student. This is how computers are good.
Whether or not to use computers. That is the question. Hundreds of millions of people use computers in their daily lives today, but some believe that using computers does not benefit society. It is my firm belief that they do. Computers provide entertainment, a way to interact with people, and an almost endless expansion of knowledge. Without them we would quickly find life much more difficult and less fun to navigate. Have you ever been home on a rainy day sitting around bored because there is nothing on @ CAPS1 ? Well I have on many occasions. When that happens all you have to do is turn on the computer and you have endless choices at your fingertips. You can go to gaming sites and play thousands of different games. (it can also help improve your hand-eye coordination). You can also watch @ CAPS1 movies or shows that you missed or want to watch again. You can even go to sites like fanfiction.net, and read or write your own stories! Another reason computers benefit society is because they help you interact with people. You can stay in touch with distant family members and friends using webcam emails and chat sites without the bill that would come from talking on the phone. You can also meet new people from different countries and become them. This way you will learn about the different ways of life and cultures. You can also quickly reach people in an emergency, get event updates, and reach out to your teacher if you have a question about your homework. Finally, and perhaps most importantly, computers are a huge source of knowledge. Suppose you wanted to learn how to light a campfire, you could just search "how to make a fire" on google and @ NUM1 matches would be found in seconds. Plus, if you were given a project for school, you could do all of your research easily from your computer, then type it all up in a Word document. You can even get a college degree online if you want. And if you want to find a restaurant specializing in cooking @ CAPS2, you can find one near you, get directions, look at the menu, see prices, get restaurant history, find reviews for it all on a wonderful little choice: your computer. So, you see, computers are of great benefit to society. In fact, I don't think we could live without them. They provide us with entertainment, an easy way to interact with people, and a huge source of information. Now to all of you who still think computers are bad; I would love to see you wasted a week without using one.
Dear @ LOCATION1, I @ CAPS1 believe that using computers is good for the community. I believe so because using computers helps with research, jobs, and staying in town with people. First and foremost, the use of computers will pay homage to better research. Most @ CAPS2 don't have @ CAPS3 or @ CAPS4 manuals at home, so they rely on the Internet. When @ PERSON2 gave the class a parket, I didn't know what some of the words meant. So I logged into my laptop and went to google, within seconds the definitions were appearing on my screen like pop rocks. After finding out what the words meant, I finished my homework in about five minutes. Without the internet, I don't know how long it would have taken. Equally important, the use of computers will allow a greater choice of jobs. @ PERCENT1 of today's jobs at @ LOCATION1 require some sort of computer work. some jobs require quick hitters. some people type as fast as the cheetah runs. Some jobs require people using @ CAPS5 or @ CAPS6 - Computers are a necessity to get a high paying job. Finally, the use of computers will open a communication gateway @ CAPS7, @ CAPS8, @ CAPS9, etc. are just some of the many ways to communicate online. if a friend of mine doesn't have a phone, he probably has an @ CAPS7. @ CAPS7 gives me a way to talk, @ CAPS11 with photos, and leave videos for my friends. A @ CAPS12 @ PERSON3, @ PERSON4 and I were all going to work on our @ PERSON1 project. @ PERSON3's phone was confiscated, so the only way I could talk to him was on @ CAPS7. Did you know that @ PERCENT2 from @ LOCATION1 has a @ CAPS7, @ CAPS8, from @ CAPS9 ? At @ CAPS17, I hope you enjoyed how using computers helps with finding, applying for a job, and communicating with family and friends please @ LOCATION1, @ CAPS18 this in the journal so that all residents of @ LOCATION1 agree with me.
Dear @ STATE1 Newspaper Editors, I recently read an article that talked about how experts are concerned that people are spending way too much time on their computers. Well, I agree with them. I firmly believe that computers take time away from you to enjoy nature and even interact with your family and friends. Well if you look at teenagers today and how more and more people are gaining weight like back in the days when they didn't have a computer or the internet, not as many people were overweight or even overweight. obists because they had time to go out and exercise or play sports with others. Exercising is important because especially when in your teenage years you are overweight or even obist these problems just do not go away, it will cost you later because not only are you lucky enough to become disobedient, but you also have to pay for all the medications and treatments that come with it. Experts also believe that spending time on the computer will waste time enjoying the things nature has to offer. When others might dispute it, it's a good thing for people to learn more about the different types of places in the world. Well i am wondering why you just have to read places online and look at the pic, why can't you be the one nailing the pictures for others to see. And why can't you be the one to experience it instead of just reading about it. Experts also believe that spending time on the computer is wasting time interacting with family members and friends. Well, being a teenager myself, I learned that socializing with family and friends is very important to our health. I am not the only person who agrees with this because study shows that a child who can talk to his parents and have good conversations with his parents has the ability to do well in school and has more respect towards others than the child or teenager who can not really converse or speak to their parents. For example, if you are the type of person who talks to your family, you will have good grades such as A and @ CAPS1 and learn to respect others and the person who cannot talk to their parents has a hard time. to concentrate or even to crack. troble for themselves and get @ CAPS2 and @ CAPS3. Well I know that as the editor of newpapper @ STATE1 you are a very busy person and have a lot of different things to do, but I hope you take that into consideration and remember to the importance of exercise, fun and interacting with family and friends.
Dear @ PERSON1, I am sending you this letter on behalf of the people who spend far too much time on computers. Some people @ MONTH1 say you learn about different cultures and interact with new people every day. The truth is, a computer doesn't help you; it actually hurts you. By spending all day on the computer, you will gain weight, lose great experiences in the outdoors, and miss out on life. Overall @ LOCATION1 is known as an obese country. This is because most people eat and don't exercise. Most of these obese people don't exercise because they are glued to their computer. While interacting with others, they continue to eat, most not even knowing why they are eating. If we want to erase @ LOCATION1 as being an obese country, then we need to get people away from their computer screens. It is actually our fault because we are not taking a position. We need to show people how bad the computer really is. Also, while people are on the computer, they are walking past the world. They won't come out, they won't know what the real world looks like. Imagine that you are an adult and have no idea about the outside world. Also, they might miss life changing exercises, the kind of experiences people @ CAPS1 would miss in life as a whole. We only have one life, so you better enjoy it. It would be so sad for someone to just go through life being stuck on your computer screen. I really feel bad for this person, again this could be fixed. All we have to do is remove the computer. If we do this, all the problems will be solved. Finally, if we get rid of the computers, we will be known as a new nation. Free from temptation and independent human beings. We will rewrite ourselves in history as those who made a change and got rid of computers.
Dear press reporter, People shouldn't have computers. Computers have a negative effect on most people. @ LOCATION1 has the largest number of obese citizens in the world. A lot of people spend their day sitting at a computer and working. Then they go home and use their own computers instead of going for walks or biking. Some people like to look at pictures of nature or birds on the Internet, even if there is a whole forest outside. Another problem with computers is their security. There are a lot of people on out of place computers trying to hack your computer. Viruses can sneak into your computer without you knowing it and search your computer for everything, even personal information. They can even monitor what you type, which could be passwords ! Lots of people have paid their taxes online and if there is a virus on their computer they could get their personal information! Plus, most people who pay their taxes online have to use their bank accounts online, so now. They also have the password for your bank account ! Computers are bad for most people. They make people unhealthy and can have their personal information hacked by a virus.
@ ORGANIZATION1, I would like to tell you that computers are very useful in our society today. Have you ever needed to know something about a state or place that brought bad news and you needed to get it ? Who did you turn to? I don't know a book, but the computer. Without it, how were you going to get your information. I think computers are beneficial to our society because they can help you learn and they could tell you when and where to register for activities. People interact with other different countries, states or continents. Second, how the computer could benefit our society. Computers could help us learn by researching an article or even expanding our general knowledge. For example, today my class and I go to @ ORGANIZATION2 @ CAPS1 to research information on seat belts on buses. Without computers, my class and I could not have done it without computers. If we had had books it wouldn't have been enough to give us all and it would mean we would have to share. With sharing, some kids @ MOIS1 monopolized the books for a long time, not allowing the other kid to get the information needed to write the document, which would lead to civil litigation in the class of these two. With computers, we have enough for every child in the class. And computers could help people acquire general knowledge more quickly. As you gain more general knowledge, you become smarter. Then the computer can help set up activities. Computers could help you sign up for activities like baseball, soccer, basketball, or a gym. With the help of computers, you don't waste time registering for the gym, whereas you could do it at home. There may be a waiting list to enter. You would have known if you had registered online. For example, my little brother plays baseball and my parents registered him online. All they had to do was take it to the place to register and show it off. I live in the town of @ LOCATION1, while others have had to register, register and pay. All of this could have been done online as my parents did not understand why computers could be of benefit to society by enabling them to gain knowledge and join in activities. Do you see why we need it for everyday life or just to get around? Computers benefit our new emerging society !
Dear local newspaper, Have you ever forgotten the book you needed for your homework ? Have you ever missed the last episode of your favorite show? Well, all of these things and more can be solved using the computer. The computer gives us everything we need. Whether it's news, games, or online chatting with friends. The computer is necessary for our society today. Countless times, I desperately need information. If I do a school report card on animals. I can just go to the computer and search for whatever I want. It is no longer necessary to drive to the city library and browse countless books and encyclopedias. I just think it's a waste of time, when you've basically got everything you need at twenty feet. And this is your home! No more searching for hours in biographies. If you need to know the state capitals, you can find them in no time. For me, it's a lifeline. Not only can computers help you with information, but they can also make school projects much easier. In my own experiences, I needed photos on school projects. Instead of drawing it, the internet can save you time and effort. All you have to do is print the photos! However, if you have an essay that is, say, supposed to be ten pages long, who wants to write all this down? With a computer, you can type it in half the time. Then, when finished, you can print it out, or even send it directly to your teacher. But, if it's not finished, you can save it to a USB drive and use it on any computer you want. All in all, this is a huge help. My last reason computers are good is that they serve instant pleasure. Computers have millions of games that a child can play for free. Also, it has many websites, like @ CAPS1 or @ CAPS2, which allow you to interact with your friends. If you need to tell them something, you don't need a phone. Also, if you miss some shows or want to watch music videos, there are websites for that. As a child, I am usually never home because of sports and school activities. If I miss anything on @ LOCATION1, it will almost certainly be on the computer. You don't have to wait a week for them to replay this episode. Who wants to do this? At the end of the day, I think computers benefit people all over the world. No more going to libraries, going out and buying games. The computer has everything you want for free. Basically I think the computer is a huge time and effort saver that every household needs. It certainly benefits society.
Yes, I agree with this expert's concern. I say this because real people use the computer for a long time and forget about their family, there are also all kinds of dangers online, and lastly your brain is not getting enough exercise. Don't you think this is all true? So if you still don't believe me, I'll prove it to you. First, people get addicted to computers and forget about their families. Instead of being on the computer looking for stuff like myspace or facebook, but they should spend time with their family playing games like @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 or @ CAPS3. I say this from personal experience it wasn't me it was my cousin @ PERSON1 he was so addicted to the computer that everytime his family tried to do something fun together, they always ended up fighting because he didn't want to go. Second, people may face a major danger online, for example when you go to those chat sessions where you meet people supposedly your age, but that might not always be the case every time. you see stories where old people try to act like @ NUM1 years old, but they just don't want to do bad things. So you may be faced with many dangers online. Finally, by starting with the computer, you aren't letting your brain get the right workout or exercise that it needs. You just let it be there, but instead you can read a book or do a word search puzzle ; these are all great ideas for your brain exercise. In a recent study, experts say people spend time reading and exercising their brains, but people who spend most of the time on a computer test fail. So don't you think I'm right? Don't you think that if you spend too much time on a computer, you have less time with your family. You may be in serious danger and your brain is not getting the exercise it needs. Have I convinced you yet?
I would like to state on my own behalf that I do not agree that computers are good for society. There are three reasons why I disagree. A lot of people won't enjoy the outdoors, @ CAPS1 people will be spending time on the @ CAPS1 computer, and a lot of people will gain weight from inactivity. When you sit at a computer you don't stop for a while, why, because you are having fun. when you're having fun you won't stop what you're doing, @ CAPS2 don't pay attention. Eventually, you will become addicted and play on the computer rather than going outside and having fun with your friends. @ CAPS4 will take all your time. @ CAPS2 when you are bored you find all you can do instead of being bored. A lot of people think it's a good time to go to the computer, but @ CAPS3 you are bored you will stay on the computer until you have something to do. My mom always tells me when I'm bored of not staying home because @ CAPS4 is going to get worse. There is always something you can do without looking any further. My last reason is that when you are sitting in front of a computer and you are fingers, you gain weight. Inactivity means inactive activity. @ CAPS3 you calories you will gain weight @ CAPS6 the weight is unhealthy and you can stop the problem just by finding something that spends your whole life on the computer. In conclusion, you @ MONTH1 mixed up thaught's @ CAPS3s, you still want to be on the computer all the time. @ CAPS4 doesn't matter @ CAPS3 you don't keep going all the time. But remember my reasons for not spending too much time. You are not going to enjoy the outdoors, find something else to do when you are and you will gain weight @ CAPS3 as you spend all your time on the computer.
In my opinion, I think computers have nothing to do with lack of exercise or sleep. I think it's up to everyone to decide to be on the computer for as long as they want. The person on the computer obviously doesn't care whether they are sleeping or not. When people are on the computer I think they don't play so much and start to put on weight, but that's their decision. In addition, when the time comes, they will find that they need to spend less time on the computer and exercise. However, they do need a time limit to be on the computer and a limited time to eat well and exercise. Being on the @ NUM1 computer, people don't have the chance to interact with family and friends because they want to be lazy and stay on the computer. Family and friends get angry and don't want to go out and after a few months they don't have any friends anymore. Nature is good, it smells good, it looks good, and computers keep people indoors all day! I think we should have more time outside. In addition, computers sometimes make children want to not clean their rooms, not to do chores because they are addicted to computers.
Dear local newspaper, I agree with @ CAPS1 that computers are not good for various reasons, such as putting a person's health at risk for not getting a lot of exercise or spending more time on a computer. computer than interacting with family and friends and unfortunately also this causes people to change their attitudes and ways of being. But if you want to know more than you will just have to read on. There are a lot of consequences that people have for spending too much time on the computer, such as people who become addicted to watching certain things or addicted to watching certain things or simply become addicted to the computer itself. A lot of people these days have to wear glasses and probably most of them have to wear them because of too many computers, and it must be really bad having to wear glasses the rest of your life. Additionally, too many computers are bad for a person's health because they spend more time on a computer than they spend exercising. I think people should spend more time interacting with their family and friends as it can also make you lose your friends and / or family because you are not giving them the time they need and friends and family. family is one of the most important things in a person's life. And to top it all. too much computer can change a person like changing their manners, way of speaking and attitudes. Well I have given you the reasons why I think computers are not good like endangering health, changing a person's life and causing them to lose family and friends now it's up to you decide the rest.
You need to collect information for a project that you are presenting to school, but how do you go about finding out quickly and easily about your topic ? Most people will turn to one of the most common technologies used in @ LOCATION1, the computer. The computer is used for quick and easy searches, for interacting and communicating with friends, and for entertainment. Some claim that the computer will prevent them from enjoying nature, spending time with family and friends, and exercising. But what if we don't have the computer? The possibility of research, etc. Would be much more difficult. For example: Computers help us learn almost everything quickly and easily. it could help make work for school or jobs less stressful. In addition, a computer is accessible under your name, so no movement is necessary. The computer has programs that are also used to prepare articles, essays, slideshows, and brochures for presentation purposes. If we didn't have a computer, research would be much more difficult and may require travel. Computers are one of the most common ways to communicate with friends and family. Websites and emails help you stay in touch with anyone in the world. You can write emails, access live chat or even webcam. Emailing is like sending a letter except that it is delivered instantly and costs nothing. There is also no risk of someone reading your mail. Live chat is when you are text chatting on the computer. The webcam interacts face to face, which gives the effect of speaking in person : the advantage of @ CAPS1 is that communication via the computer costs nothing. Finally, computers provide games for your personal entertainment, which helps kill boredom. The computer also helps improve hand-eye coordination, while staying organized @ CAPS2, images, videos and more can be placed in files and saved on the computer, allowing you to easily open them at time @ CAPS1. Computers @ MONTH1 take away from certain activities, but think about how much more difficult and stressful things will be without it. I think the computer has a good effect on people as well as being a useful technology.
Dear local newspaper, I firmly believe that computers have an important and beneficial effect on society. They have @ CAPS4 a lot of features. options and capabilities to use! Would you really like to stop your child, friends and family from using such an amazing invention that helps us every day ? The computer can help others communicate, educate you, and even prepare you for the future. One great option that computers have is the ability to communicate with others. You can set up an email or chat account to chat with your friends and family. Now some people might be thinking, “ @ CAPS1 doesn't use a phone to talk to others. " @ CAPS2 are many reasons why @ CAPS1 talk online can be better than using a telephone. I remember once a few years ago. Me and my cousin @ PERSON2 were alone in her house when the phone was not working @ PERSON2 came down from the stars to buy us sodas when I heard a crashing noise, @ PERSON2 had fallen down the stairs. Because the phones weren't working, I hopped onto the computers in his bedroom to quickly "chat" with my dad and tell him what had happened. From there my dad called an ambulance and @ PERSON2 was fine. @ CAPS4, not only are computers a great way to communicate, they can also save people's lives ! Another characteristic of computers is that they can actually educate. For example, if a student has to write a school article on @ CAPS3, then they will need to do some research. Internet explorer on your computer can open your eyes to a world of Kodedge. All you need to do is go to a search engine such as @ ORGANIZATION1 or @ ORGANIZATION2 and enter the topic you want to know more about. Before you know it, there are millions upon millions of websites that can educate you on whatever topic you want to learn more about. @ PERSON1, a high school teacher, says that "@ PERCENT1 some students in the school use the computer to help them with homework and research." @ CAPS4, there you go, the computer is a great resource for information. One final reason that @ CAPS4 Computers are beneficial to our society is that they can actually help you prepare for future jobs. Maybe one day your child will find a job in an office where they have to use computers all day. Company contacts will not hire you if you are unfamiliar with computers. However, if you know how to use a @ CAPS2 computer, then you have a good chance of finding a job that can support you and your family. Studies Now That “@ PERCENT2 of Businesses Involve Computer Use” Computers are becoming a more important part of society every second, so it's important to start learning more about them as soon as possible ! I think now it is very clear how important computers are in our society. They help improve communication, a great source of knowledge and help you prepare for a job. With each passing day, computers are helping to advance the future and help make the world a better place.
Dear local newspaper, I am writing this to let you know that a lot of people spend too much time on computers rather than enjoying nature. People say advancements in technology believe that computers have an effect on people. Many people have shown how to use computers, but don't forget to think about nature and the beautiful things it has in store for us. I'll say the experts are right that people spend too much time on their computers and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. I think at times a lot of family and friends see other family members on their mate so much on computers it's like they think they don't care anymore . Taking care of nature and your loved ones is such a big thing. @ PERCENT1 of my friends agree with me when I say that people should use electronic devices less as it can affect your brain or maybe your eyesight (eye vision.) @ CAPS1 more and more people should fire . @ PERSON1 at Yale University has conducted extensive research and proven that many computers that people use can be damaged by their use every time. I totally agree with him that there should be a time limit for something to allow them later to have time to enjoy and have fun with nature, but something different, like listening to soft music. I know you'll agree with me when I say maybe people should spend less time looking after themselves. Whatever I hope from you to agree with my position so that it may be possible to break this habit of going on computers and not having time for your family and friends is not a starting point.
Dear Experts @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 are concerned about the use of computers by the people of today. With this I agree, as many children and adults are counted and labeled as obese or overweight. Technology has advanced enough for machines to perform everyday tasks, proving how lazy some @ CAPS3s are these days. People are sitting at home in front of a computer screen, forgetting to spend time exercising, enjoying nature or going out and having fun with their friends and family. Having a computer clearly interferes with one's @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5 in real @ CAPS5, not the “@ CAPS4 @ CAPS5” chatting with others on the Internet. Publishing apps that connect people through the computer devastates the reason for leaving your home. Now, with the video, you virtually meet the other person, showing how lonely and individually you can be apart from others. While your friends are partying. You will be away, because I'm sure they won't have a webcam there. Another reason why a computer is not necessary is that many people overlook pure nature. When surrounded by the new digital age. The beauty of the outdoors is forgotten. Sure you can watch videos and look at nature photos, but is that really anything compared to the crisp clean help against your hair or the unique animal actions you see @ MONTH1 ? Plus, nature and being outside of MONTH1 inspires you to continue or start a diet, seeing how healthy and perfect the outdoors can be. It also serves as a great place to exercise. As we all know obesity is a factor in @ LOCATION1 and the world. But now the total weight is at an all time high, killing people and causing depression for many. in my opinion, I believe this is strongly related to the use of the computer. Especially with fast food that plays a role. People haven't realized the need to exercise more often. In conclusion, you can see how computer use has affected us as a nation, and in a negative way. The computer using @ MONTH1 should be "ok" when used in moderation, such as sweets or fatty foods. it serves as a way to pass the time, for a while, but also exercise ... Which one do you think would end up being a trusted solution ? Obviously, we need to stop relying on technology to help us and start our business again on our own.
Dear @ CAPS1, I believe people spend too much time on a computer. I believe it and I have reasons for @ CAPS7. @ CAPS2 The first reason is that people waste money on it. Also whatever they get from the computer you get from the book. And finally, the reason for @ CAPS2 is due to "@ CAPS8 crises". @ CAPS2 The number one reason people spend too much time on the computer is that they waste a lot of money on it. I believe it because of your electricity bill and your @ CAPS3 bill. People who have a computer electricity bill are always very high and for some reason they are forced to pay @ NUM1 dollars or more for electricity. This is also true due to the constant load of laptops or the operation of computers. They also need to pay @ NUM2 and odd dollars on the @ CAPS3 invoice to keep the @ CAPS3 connection. So that's a total of @ NUM3 and odd dollars at dawn. @ CAPS2 Second reason for this is that anything and everything you can get on the @ CAPS3 you can get books. I believe this because where do you think web builders get information from. Reading books also increases your knowledge so that you can quickly find an answer at any time. Another reason is that some websites are not always accurate with their information. @ CAPS2 Third and final reason for this is that we are all facing this "@ CAPS8 crisis". People @ CAPS7 are less and less active every day because of computers. This means that fewer people are physically active and less fit. And the @ LOCATION1 suffers. Fewer and fewer people are joining the military because of this crisis and the computer is unfortunately contributing to the global crisis. I look forward to the @ CAPS2 letter helping you see @ CAPS2's perspective on this topic. To show that people are spending too much time on their computers because it's a waste of money, all you can get from a computer can be obtained from a book, and because of the "crisis @ CAPS8 ".
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, I have heard the concerns of many scientists about computers. Computers brought us into @ DATE1 and made our society better, but they are damaging the health and education of our children. Because of computers, children and adults around the world spend less time with family and friends, they don't enjoy sports, and they experience health problems. Due to an increase in technology, children and adults are not spending time with their families. Computers ruin family relationships. For example, a study at @ ORGANIZATION1 showed that families with more computers in their homes communicated less. Children talk to their friends online or go to social networking sites instead of talking to family members in person. In addition, computers make it very difficult for families to eat their meals together. When the kids are on the computer, they don't want to leave. This obsession with technology makes it harder for families to move around and be successful in school. Computers are better educated children. Sports activities also suffer from @ PERSON1, fresh air more children They will be on sites all day instead of being on one. Sports teams because of computers. The electricity that powers the computers of this radiation. Being exposed to it could result in brain damage or death. When my aunt first bought a computer, she complained of huge headaches that kept coming back. This was caused by the radiation emitted by the computer. Obesity is another health risk. When children sit in front of a computer for many hours, their appetites increase. These children are eating because they have nothing better to do. While on the computer, users eat and will gain weight due to the loss of exercise. They could become obese and eventually become diabetic. As a result, there is less communication in families, loss of exercise, and health problems caused by computers. The consequences of misuse of this technology are devastating and could put lives at risk. So, I urge you to do all you can to use the computer less or face the consequences that result.
Computers are great they can help you with whatever you need. So you can shop, pay bills, even book a flight to go on vacation, but people are spending too much time doing it. They should only spend a certain amount of time there and not all day. Many people spend more than enough time on the computer People who have run often stay on the computer for hours and don't even realize it, they stay up all at @ TIME1 to work or play games. @ TIME1 for a while, it will eventually wreak havoc on the body. Because @ CAPS2 you are on the machine all day, so you are using little or no power at all. So you spend @ CAPS1 nights in bed turning around and around. Then it leads to horrible feelings in the @ TIME2, @ CAPS2 you do it @ TIME1 this is going to have a bad effect on your body. I believe that people who spend all their time on the computer will eventually become obese. @ CAPS2, you sit in a chair all day, then do no exercise. Then when you eat you are not burning the calories causing people to wait and wait too long because of which your body becomes very unhealthy and most likely will lead to health problems. When people are on the computer, they end up ignoring nature. They miss being in the wonderful warmth of @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4, or going out and playing in the snow and doing @ CAPS5, forts, or fighting with @ CAPS6. They even fail to go out and walk around, the reason is that they are @ CAPS7 @ CAPS8 inside their house with their tariff stuck to the computer. Being on the computer puts a lot of strain on the body. It can cause health problems and even problems in general. So people should just spend part of their day on the computer. The other part of the day they should be outside, going for walks, maybe playing with pets, children or friends. As long as they are out of their chair and not on the computer and exercising.
Dear local newspaper, Computers are a useful tool for writing a school report or something, but @ CAPS2 we really need these computers. When using a computer for a school project, @ CAPS3 can be a problem. One of the many problems that people face while using a computer is freezing, while completing a project and the @ CAPS3 on your computer can take a long time. Another problem is pop-ups, pop-ups can cause viruses, and when your computer gets virus @ CAPS3 becomes very slow. The witch brings us to our next slowness problem, when a computer gets slow @ CAPS3 is very digital. There are several problems and risks associated with a computer. One health concern is that you can become an hermet and stay indoors all day because you are too attached to the computer. Another problem is that you can become very obese because you don't exercise. One of the risks of using a computer is that you could end up with a faitbook, @ CAPS1, or myspase, and eat someone pretending to be someone not there and be kidnapped by an attacker ! There are other alternatives that you can do instead of using a computer. An alternative is that you can go to the local library and buy books on your subject that you want information on. Another alternative is to ask the teacher if they can lend you a class textbook. But the main aternation is the computer with old fashion books! So now @ CAPS3 is your choice, "@ CAPS2 do we really need computers or can we live without them?" @ CAPS3 is your choice !
Computers. They are an astonishing wonder of science which greatly benefits mankind today. But computers can be good or bad depending on how you use them. Homework can be made easier, connecting with others is easier, and entertainment like @ CAPS1 and video games are just a click away. On the other hand, computers can be distracting, addicting, and tiring. It is important to know the pros and cons of computers. For example, the @ ORGANIZATION1 search engine is an easy to use website that can be of great use. If there is a concept or issue that you are having trouble with, just enter it in @ ORGANIZATION1 and links to websites will appear that will help you answer anything you would like to know. There is also a website called @ LOCATION1. This site is a versatile dictionary, @ CAPS2, encyclopedia and translator. I even have an app on my laptop. But technology can also be fun. Social media websites like Facebook, gaming websites like @ CAPS3, as well as websites like @ CAPS4 can be very tempting and distracting when you have to do your homework. Procrasination is very easy to give in. But self-control is the only way to avoid this problem. It is also very important to schedule your time so that you can do both your homework and go to the computer. One thing that I find very useful on computers is an online manual. We are fortunate today that most large books can be formatted on a computer. Instead of carrying a @ NUM1 books text book, you can just use a @ NUM1 megabyte book on the Internet. This greatly facilitates travel to and from school. That, and manuals often use a lot of desktop space, but all you need is space that a computer will consume anyway. Studying is also made easier in this way. All the things a computer can do are great. But it can also prevent us from going out, exercising, and seeing real people in real life. This need for the computer can be bad. We are too connected as a society. Our status, feelings, friends, and position in life should always be updated. Distractions are everywhere. Facebook, for example, is very addicting. You are looking at a virtual landscape. Self-control is really the only way to leave the computer and enter the real world. Overall, computers are great, but you need to know when and for how long to use them. It has several advantages such as entertainment, communication and information. But all of these things can be just as entertaining as they are useful. Knowing this. Hope the company can think about the pros and cons of the computer.
For the local newspaper, computers have a huge impact on society today. People depend on them a lot, but the same people don't agree. I think computers have a positive effect on people. Computers are a lot of fun. They can help find and stay in touch with a long lost friend. In addition, they can be useful for homework. Please continue reading to see why I chose these resons. First, computers can entertain. There are thousands of games to choose from. Dress for education. Which are good for young children five to six years old. As he notes in the write prompt, he teaches hand-eye coordination. In addition to my first reason, computers help long-lost friends. There are websites that help you find people. For example @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 and Yahoo. These websites help keep in touch with the family. If there is no phone, there is always the computer. Finally, computers can be useful for homework. Sometimes you don't even need the internet, there's a built-in calculator! But a national website that is being used and the kids are getting better is edhelper.com. This website makes worksheets and helps with the child's level. In conclusion, I think computers have a good impact on people. They are entertaining, stay in touch and help with homework. Please take my reasons into consideration.
Dear Local Newspaper, To my knowledge, computers have had a detrimental effect on people of all ages. In my opinion, staying on the computer all day can make you miss out on outdoor activities. Plus, if you've been sitting in a chair all day, honestly, what's going to happen to you ? You will become less active. During past experiences, I have learned that if you get into computer games, it will become very addicting. The computer has negative effects on people and I think we should stop and think about what we are doing. Most likely, if you stay on the computer all day, you will actually participate in activities such as sports. Example @ CAPS2 @ PERCENT1 Americans are playing soccer. In the beautiful autumn, when the leaves are changing beautifully, you will miss playing football and the beating of the leaves because of the computer which you cannot take your eyes off of. Another breathtaking adventure that you miss @ MONTH1 is hiking. The hike can be amazing when you get to the top and see people like you (hiding potatoes) in houses sitting inside on the computer. Simple activities can be lost due to addicting game which you call fun. The computer is like a cause and an effect. You @ MONTH1 think you are playing on the farm or chatting on Facebook, but in the future you will miss out on the beauty of nature and sports. To connect @ CAPS1 with the lack of sport because of the computer that will make you fat. A recent study has shown that @ PERCENT2 of children are obese due to computer games. You @ MONTH1 think how, but I have a friend named @ PERSON1 and he liked to play next door and play sports until @ CAPS2 pulled out the computer. Now he's doing @ NUM1 books and he's only @ NUM2. Sitting honestly in a chair all day will prevent you from being active and cause you to gain weight. Do you want this to happen to you? Help me tell others how computers negatively affect others. Finally, playing on the computer or chatting with friends on @ ORGANIZATION1 can take you to @ CAPS2 example if you talk to your girlfriend in Spain who is there @ CAPS2 callage I guarantee you will postpone schoolwork, @ CAPS3 and others @ CAPS4 that Need to be done. In the end, it will be bedtime @ CAPS2 and you haven't done anything, whether it's because you're trying to reach @ NUM3 level or chatting with your girlfriend, you won't get anything. accomplished. If you're not yet, a scientific study reported that six hours on the computer a day @ CAPS2 a week can @ CAPS5 your vision from a @ NUM4 @ NUM4 to @ NUM6 @ NUM6. If you continue now @ MONTH1 doesn't look bad, but @ NUM8 hours staring at the computer can kill your eyes. Would you rather be blind or not use the computer because or what could happen ? All in all, the computer is a bad thing, because useful technology can make you miss events like sports. It also leads to being overweight, feeling like you are not getting active. Finally, the computer is bad @ CAPS2 your eyes and can make you procastonate. Help me help you to avoid all these harmful effects caused by the computer.
Dear editor, I believe people should have computers, the reasons are that it doesn't take @ NUM1 days to send emails. You can learn about faraway places. You can also talk to people all over the world. After reviewing these details, most people will likely agree. Firstly, it doesn't take @ NUM1 days to send an email, you can email someone and it takes five seconds to reach the other person. Whereas regular mail takes @ NUM1 days to a week to reach another person. When you email someone then email you support it saves the government money. Email is much faster than the mall or I like to call it post mail. Another reason is that you could learn about different countries far and near. Could you about @ LOCATION1 of your living rooms without computers. No you wouldn't. Without computers, would you be able to learn more about the Chile earthquake. No, you would. Compters are modern television for children. Finally, you can talk to people on the computer. There are many ways to talk to people such as Facebook, Myspace, Aim, and Vidio Chat. Computers are good for consumption. You can send an email quickly. You can learn more about foreign countries in your living room. You can also chat with people online. I think computers are good and so are you.
Dear @ CAPS1, Have you ever used a computer for anything other than business ? Well if not when you are not busy you should give it a try. The effect of computers on people is that it's a lot of fun to go on and play, useful for almost anything, and you can find just about anything from clothing websites to maps and everything. 'store location. There are three reasons why you should agree with me and those reasons are that people have the right to choose what they want, in this weather it is a bit cold to go out and enjoy nature, well they can interact with friends and families online on a website. People have the right to choose what they do because the government cannot choose for you because they are busy with other more important things. Moreover, in the constitution it says that the government cannot choose for us as long as we have the power to think. In this weather it is cold to go out, and nature is so much better in the @ DATE1 and the @ DATE2 where it is not too hot or cold and that is when the sun is good is when people should be enjoying of nature. With all the technology in the world today, it is better to take advantage of the technology in this world, also the technology that we have helps people like generators because in the old days people did not have electricity. generators. So I hope this letter has changed your opinion and thank you for reading it.
Dear journal @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 opion in thig is that, the computer is being used all the time. People use them to talk to their friends and family online. People also use computers for working from home online. And the last reason I say the computer is used is just for some fun game you can play. I am using the computer to see how the @ CAPS2 teams are doing. Now on to more on why. Computers are good for society because people use computers to talk to friends and family on @ CAPS3, @ CAPS4, and @ CAPS5. This is a good reason because we all have family. So I think that's a good way to talk to them. For friends, this is a good way because if they move, you can tell them about it. The reason this is a bad thing is because people like older men can use the computer for child pornography and talk to younger girls about sex, which is not correct. . Now let's move on to more about using the computer for homework. Reson computers are good for us because people can use computers there for homework. That's good because if you need to do something about our history, then what's good for it is good because everything you need is on a computer. Now let's move on to more about how the computer is good for society. @ CAPS2 @ CAPS8 reson is because the computer is good for fun things. The computer can have all the games you want, they have kids games, @ CAPS2 @ NUM1 years old, sister go to games you can match. Teenagers can play games on the computer. The account for me is cool because I can see how the @ CAPS2 football team is doing. Ho @ CAPS2 @ CAPS7 font. This is why the computer is good. This is @ CAPS2 opion on this is computers are in use all the time people use them to talk to friends and family online. People also use the computer for their homework. Finally last and @ CAPS8 reson is because you can use it for fun games for kids. And I can check how the @ CAPS2 teams are doing.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3, I strongly believe that people should spend more time away from the computer. Instead, they should exercise more, do more outdoor activities, and most importantly, spend more time with family and friends. I think the best way to get everyone to agree with me is to write a passage to explain why I think people should be spending more time away from the computer. The most important reason people should stop wasting time on the computer is to get more exercise. Getting more exercise can help you a lot because the less you exercise, the less healthy you are. More exercise could also be helpful because your health may prevent you from getting diabetes, and many people get diabetes from having a fit body. My last reason I say more exercise is good for you is that, if you exercise more, you wouldn't have to worry about all the illnesses and problems when you're older. Another way to spend your time instead of sitting on the computer is to be outdoors. Outdoor activities could be very good for you, because if you are not used to going out and playing a good soccer game with your friends, it would be great fun for you. I remember one time I started dating I had so much fun. My last reason I say more people should spend time doing more outdoor activities is because of nature. It would be really nice for you to walk around on a beautiful @ DATE1 day to smell the breeze and smell all the pleasant scents. My last reason I say you should be spending more time off the computer is to be able to spend more time with your family. Spending time with family is much more important than going on the computer with friends. I remember a time when my cousin and I were at his house and we really didn't know each other, but I got to spend more time with him and now we know each other a lot. My last reason I say you should spend more time with your family is because you could learn a lot about your family. So now you know the three reasons why I say you could do more things instead of spending time on the computer, exercising, doing outdoor activities, and spending time with your family.
Dear journal @ ORGANIZATION1, I strongly believe that computers have positive benefits for society. These technological advances can only enrich people's lives. One way to help the computer is for students to do their schoolwork online and view their teachers' pages. Another great thing about computers is that whenever people need information or details about a place or things, they can rely on the Internet to help them. Most importantly, they are a vital source of communication. People depend on computers for their planning and to stay in touch with everyone they know. Without computers, students would be much worse off. When a student forgets their homework, they can simply go to their teacher's online page and check what their homework was that night. Another thing that students benefit from is online textbooks. If a student fails to bring @ NUM1 books of books home, they can simply use their online textbook. Nowadays, the Internet is full of a lot of interesting information and educational sites. The teacher can also allow students to search for projects online and participate in educational activities online. Not only does the computer help education, but they are probably the most well-known information centers. If people want to find out more about a restaurant, store, or product, they can do it online. Also, a lot of people want to go to destinations but don't know how to get there. The Internet provides them with directions on how to reach their destination quickly and efficiently. An extremely important and useful aspect of the Internet is the ability to buy and order items online. Before someone decides to do something, they can find all kinds of information about the product and search for the lowest price. People can even order groceries from the new house if they are busy ! I firmly believe that the Internet is the number one medium of communication between people. For example, the manager of my football team always emails me the time and place of the next match or training. I would be lost and confused without these emails that I depend on. Businesses also rely heavily on the Internet to stay in touch with their customers, which keeps them in business. Using web conferencing saves a lot of travel and allows the company to be in business anywhere in the world. Above all, people rely heavily on social networking sites to stay in touch with their friends, keep up to date with the news, and have fun chatting with people. Without the Internet, probably half of the world's communications would be down and that wouldn't be good. Computers, without having a positive effect on society. When it can be an educational resource, it is very useful. In addition, it is the best known information database and is probably the most used. More importantly, without a computer, the world would be a mess without their primary source of communication. People know not to spend too much time indoors and he always knows when to go out, have fun and get some fresh air. Therefore, computers have no negative effect on people and they remain a vital asset in everyday life.
Dear readers, I understand that some people worry that people are spending too much time on the computer and it is bad. I disagree, computers can help keep in touch with family members who live far away. You can also see photos of things that you cannot see every day. Finally, it helps your schoolwork. I know a family that has a son who fights @ LOCATION1. He brought his laptop with him, so he was asked to video chat with his family. It seemed like he never left. Without it, his family would wonder how he was and worry. You don't need to have a family member at war to talk to them on the computer. Have you ever wanted to see what @ LOCATION2 looks like ? You don't have to be there to find out. All you have to do is search for it on your computer! If you live in a city with little nature, you can see what it is like on the outside with the computer. Seeing these sites @ MONTH1 makes you travel, traveling with your family brings you closer. Study shows that @ PERCENT1 of families who go on vacation have strong relationships. Having a computer is compulsory for school. This is the best thing to research. @ PERCENT2 of students who fail do not use a computer for their homework. There are also websites that you can use to study. There is a student at my school who failed most of his classes. He never used a computer. His friend suggested using one at home if he had any problems, which he tries. He used a computer to help him study for a test he had the next day. He ended up getting an @ PERCENT1 on the test because he was using a computer. It doesn't matter whether you are using a computer for homework, chatting with friends and family, or it is one of the most important inventions ever made.
Computers are very important, I don't know anyone who doesn't need them. But some people say it prevents you from exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. Do i agree? No, I don't agree with this situation because computers are a modern technology that people use. They say it keeps you from interacting with your family and friends, but a computer is the number one way to talk to your friends and family long distance, @ CAPS1 without a computer, how those people who work for a company will work them, and we still need a computer for research. A computer draws attention to many teenagers. Most of the sites we use because of the interaction with family and friends. The two main sites that people use are myspace and facebook. Everyone should know about these two sites. Nine out of ten people use it to interact, just think that if we didn't have a computer, we wouldn't be able to interact with our friends and family from a distance. My aunt has a facebook and her friends live in @ CAPS2, she interacts with them all the time they @ CAPS1 have phones but comp. have webcams so you can see the person too. Business people need computers, of course, mobile computers, which is why they have laptops. But like I said what people will do without a computer for work, they have your schedules, your notification sent by your boss and so much more the weeks when most people are working and the weekends we can go visit our house. family, there are most days in a week, and paid work, of course, you need a computer. Google is the number one search site we have. If you want to know what time a movie starts you will probably search the computer, if you have a research paper due of course you will use the computer. We need the computer for everything if I were to ask my dad what is the square root of the pie he would tell me on Google. This is one of the main things thin people do when they use a computer for research. So if you! Yeah I said you're thinking of a mockup. is a breathtaking size think again because it helps you communicate with your friends. A lot of business people need it to function and it is a good search engine. But here's a little advice don't spend it all !! Day on the computer, take your walking shoes to get the fresh air that you have all day on the computer, get outside and enjoy it in any way you can.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 computers hold proprietary information, I don't think they have a good effect on people. The majority of today's college students crowd around a computer while they can take care of their bodies. Like exercising or just going out. People need to enjoy the wonders of nature instead of sitting at a computer. Not only will computers have an impact on people, @ MONTH1 will also have an impact on family and friends. There will be less risky interaction time while going on a computer. Different websites can expose the wrong thing and get you in trouble. I firmly believe that computers have bad effects on people. In @ LOCATION1 today we are already loaded with obese people. @ NUM1 on @ NUM2 people are not in good physical health and the majority of obese people today report having a computer. Computers attract people and the same @ MONTH1 sits at the computer for hours. How about exercising or enjoying the outdoors ? Computers damage our bodies in some way by attracting us so that we can get out and enjoy nature. I will certainly argue this fact that computers have an adverse effect on humans. The computer changes not only the body, but the mind. My sister has a computer in her room and I can hardly see her. She stays up all the time, and when my mom calls for dinner, it takes more than five @ CAPS2 to get her away from her computer. Computers affect people because they take humans away from civilization. Friends and family are affected by a person's lack of interaction. It is disrespectful to take time away from your friends to play on computers. It ruins the social health of many people because the more they ignore their family or friends, those people will stop trying to interact with them. When these computer fanatics arrived, there was no one there for them. Computers certainly have an unhealthy effect on the people who use them. How would you feel if tons of your personal information were made public. Computers have a major chance to do this to you these days. Websites like @ CAPS4, mysapce or twitter have your information, and with a single click it can be exposed to the world. Computers are used to having this kind of effect on people. Some do not understand what they are doing and if the wrong information or a picture is sent it can negatively impact your career or education. Computers help people make bad choices and there is no question that people should give up their time on the Internet. Many agree that computers disadvantage many people in their own way. Whether it's taking their health away because they keep a lot of it inside, or if it costs your friends and family, computers are not good for your physical and social health. Computers can send information and they are risky. They will mostly have an impact on your future and a negative impact on everyone.
The effect of computers on people is that adults and children get a lot more attention than they need. The first reason is that most of them spend their time on social media. Others buy things or play games. Some of the people who are on computers waste too much time mastering technology. It is other ways that people can spend their time, such as biking or brisk walking. Another solution is that you can set out to learn skills or find a job in your city. Computers drain and waste people's minds every day. I think it's essential that people who can't get by look for fitness and mental health. Again, this could be a legitimate reason to be on computers and spend as much time as you want. People who abuse their computer access too much should think about it and find something else to do. I think it will be a good idea to have a time when the computers should be off for a day or a week. By this I mean the cable / enternet company should shut down the internet and cable for a week of pure exercise. It will make lazy people do something active. It will also be a good source of motivation for people who are on the computer or who watch too much television. Then it would make everyone fit and healthy if they tried. I understand the elderly or the elderly who need their computers for health care. It's understandable, but not everyone should be exempt. Computers and laptops need to be disconnected from the network to allow people to get up and do something useful or develop their brains. Everyday people are digitally sucked in. Some people in this world just can't get enough of it and they have to die soon. The government should make a legal law that you must do something that will actively benefit you. It should be someone from the state or local town who visits each house. Another way to do this is to have someone from every street in the state come from house to house to make sure the procedure is done. A lot of people are not going to like it and they will not obey the new law. It should be a punishment for anyone who does not comply. The second choice should be a loss of Internet service. This will drive them really crazy and in return, they should always be exercising. Sometimes it takes tough laws to change someone.
Did you know that computers are the number @ NUM1 for the best-selling electronic devices in the world ? I think computers just make our society smarter and smarter. Computers also help old friends and family stay in touch. Finally, I think they help society because computers teach excellent hand-eye coordination. Studies have shown that @ PERCENT1 of people who grow up with computers at home have high paying jobs ! Computers are very smart pieces of equipment, and if you know how to use a computer, you are likely to have a well-paying career. Also, most jobs, from doctor to police officer to cashier in a store all involve computers and in order to do these jobs you need to know how to use a computer. This is just one of the many reasons I believe computers will benefit our society. Second, I think this technology award benefits society because it helps keep in touch with family, friends, and workers. Have you ever had a moment when you think back and wish you could see your old high school friends or even live with family. Far and away @ CAPS1 computers are one of the most popular ways to do this with all the new websites like @ CAPS2, Twitter or even your old email website people stay in touch all over the world. Another way computers help old friends keep in touch with new computer video camera, family, friends and workers can actually see each other from different parts of the world. A simple post on one of these websites will make someone happy and might even make yours. Finally, I think computers benefit our society because they teach hand-eye coordination of other life skills. How do you think people can shoot a gun so quickly or how do you think a baseball player can swing at such a perfect time. All of these things revolve around hand-eye coordination which is best learned by computers. In addition, people can save lives by just one type of hurricane, tornado, but if they don't know how to use a computer, many people can get injured or die. These are just three of the many reasons I think computers benefit our society. So think twice about the negative comments people make about computers.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS1 using computers is a good thing. I say this because the web has a lot to do. For example, facebook, twitter, and myspace are all social sites. There are also video sites like youtube. In addition, @ CAPS1 learns to type quickly. Social networking sites are good for @ CAPS1. The teens got to talk to each other, make new friends, and post whatever they want. For example, twitter you can post tweets, facebook you can join groups and become a fan of something or someone, and myspace you can post. TEENS are a great stress reliever on the web. Videos are great when you're bored. Type in youtube and get a good laugh or two. Teens who go to youtube are getting more social. For example, teens can learn the new dance. In addition, on the video sites there is comedy. Comedy helps everyday life. @ CAPS2 helps life whether you work in an office or a brand. Teenagers learn to type to make their life easier. For example, @ CAPS2 fast is like texting. @ CAPS2 is like writing a letter electronically. So go to @ CAPS2. Ok, so computers help teenage life. Basically it's kinda @ CAPS3. Everyone should have a computer. Remember that social sites, video sites and @ CAPS2 make life better.
Yes, I think we should keep using the computer because it helps us to keep in touch with other countries in the world, it creates a balance and it also makes our life easier. First of all, computers help us stay in touch with other countries around the world. Without computers, we wouldn't be able to @ CAPS1 or send video messages to other countries about important events. Second, we need to balance computers and exercises and interaction with just sitting on the computer, but computers can help us interact with family and friends through email or video chat can. also help you keep in touch. Latest use of computers makes life simpler like how it is so much easier to write an @ CAPS1 not a letter and it is easier to instant message someone then call them also for school projects you can make your project so much better by adding pictures and different fonts write it by hand. That is why things are not a waste of time because they help us to keep in touch with other countries, they form a balance and it also makes life easier.
Dear @ LOCATION1, computers are a necessity for life. They benefit not only the community but the whole world! They provide education to anyone with internet access. Second, it is a form of communication. Plus, computers can be fun and entertaining. As you know, education is one of the most important things in anyone's life. Where would we be without a computer to help us? Think about how many times you've used @ ORGANIZATION2 or @ CAPS1 to search for something you didn't know the answer to. It's a lot, isn't it? I do research whenever I get a random question stuck in my head. Imagine how difficult it would be without a computer you can rely on when you don't know how to respond to something. Another thing is that there are now online courses for students. Some students have to research their homework and how to do it on their teachers' web page. Also, how do students around the world know what their homework is if they can't check out the @ PERSON1 homepage ? I check it almost every day when I get home from school. It's good that teachers care enough about posting homework. Without computers, we would have a higher percentage of students who would not do their homework. @ NUM1 on every @ NUM2 people in @ LOCATION2 has some form of online communication program. Whether it's @ ORGANIZATION3 @ CAPS2 or @ CAPS3, maybe even youtube, or just a simple email, pretty much everyone has one. How else are you supposed to talk to your friends after school ? What do you want us to call them ? So wwwe would be on the phone for hours! Anyone who has a teenager at home knows that. In addition, computers help deaf people to speak. They just type in whatever they want to say and it comes out. I remember when a lady came to our school who was blind and deaf and she showed how to use this special program. Another reason is that teachers and parents use email to talk about academics and their children. It is clear that communication is essential. Computers are therefore a benefit to society. There is no way anyone over @ NUM3 has ever played a computer game in their life. Unless, of course, if they don't have internet access. I know I used to play computer games, but they started slowing my computer down, so my dad told me I had to stop or I couldn't use the computer anymore. Oops ! Still, you can use the computer to search for tips on video games. Oh come on like you didn't! Or at least your kids have. Additionally, you can use specific programs like @ ORGANIZATION1 @ CAPS4 or @ CAPS5 @ CAPS6 to create a cover page for a project or presentation for your bodily business. In other words, computers are nice. As you can see, computers are extremely educational. They provide search engines to figure out everything you ever wanted to know. Like, foreign places or movies. Whatever. Also, we wouldn't have as much communication with people. How could we email friends at @ LOCATION3 without computers ? Finally, you can find fun in computers. They are beneficial.
Dear local newspaper, I don't know if I understand correctly, but are you honestly thinking of not advancing the technology ? Quickly think back that, because @ MONTH1 is only the worst mistake you can make, computers can provide technical coordination, they can also give you very useful knowledge. Finally, computers help us stay close to our family and friends. First of all, about @ PERCENT1 of people say they use the computer every day to learn more. It could be as easy as going to @ ORGANIZATION1 ! and discover the latest news. It's ten times easier than going to @ CAPS1 and waiting for the new stone you want details on. I took a survey and @ NUM1 students say they use their computers every night so they can read more in their social studies or science unit, @ CAPS2 Computer Advances away is like @ CAPS2 learning progresses, now is this what you want ? Second, @ PERSON1, the children's doctor says, “ Computers give children the hand-eye coordination they need to improve sports. »I agree ! Sports like baseball, soccer, and basketball all require good hand-eye coordination. Without hand-eye coordination, students will not do well and eventually drop out. I know if I had problems with sports for a long time, I would give up! If teenagers gave up the sport, they would have no way to keep them in shape ! this would lead to hundreds of children with an obesity problem. Finally, @ CAPS2 away from the advancement of computers means you are @ CAPS2 away from the connections of family and friends. Computers offer many sites such as facebook or myspace to connect with loved ones. You can also go to @ CAPS3 or sype to chat or video chat with them. Yes, maybe the computers are at @ CAPS2 for spending time with the family, but what about @ CAPS4 or @ CAPS5 in @ LOCATION1 that you have been doing for over a year ? Don't you want time too? You can set time limits for yourself so that you don't spend all of your time on the computer. This way you can take all your loved ones, would you like to be the one crushing the oceans of a kid who wants to talk / see his grandparents ? In conclusion, I remember talking and laughing with my friends on the computer when @ CAPS6 was sick so @ CAPS7 could cheer me up. Don't take that away from me! Keep improving computers so that I can deepen my knowledge, increase my hand-eye coordination, and see my distant friends and family.
Dear local newspaper, Too much technology! Computers have a negative effect on people. First, our country needs to exercise more, and not just sit still, second, we are not spending enough time taking care of our environment. And third, we lose the ability to communicate with the people around us. Our country has problems with being overweight. Most people blame fast food, but that's also because people sit around computers and don't think about keeping fit. Before the manufacture of computers, people were much fitter and healthier, we have to help our country get back in shape and take our attention away from the computer even for a short time, and we have to do exercise ! The next reason is that computers not only have a bay effect on people, but also on our environment. We spend too much time indoors with technology, and we don't even care about the world around us. Before a lot of technology, people used to plant gardens and trees, but now that thought barely crosses our minds. All electronic devices these days overlook nature, and that must change. The last reason computers have a negative effect is that people no longer communicate as well with the people around them. If we communicate so much with people through technology, we lose the ability to speak and communicate in person, and it ruins the relationships and bonds between people, like family and friends, so we have to start to care. of the people around us, and not always rely on technology. In conclusion, you can see the negative effect of computers on people. We need to exercise more. Also, we have to help our environment. And finally, we need to communicate better with our friends and family. We shouldn't get rid of the computers, but just walk away and care about the world around you.
More and more people are using computers on a daily basis, but I don't agree that it benefits our society. People spend too much time on computers and less time exercising and healthy. Plus, computer users spend less time with family and friends. As people use computers more, they spend less time exercising and staying healthy. Professor @ PERSON1 conducted a study showing that people who are on the computer for more than @ NUM1 hours per day are overweight and do not exercise regularly. He adds that if these habits persist throughout their lives, they will become obese and have a higher risk of dying of a heart attack before age @ NUM2. I have also experienced changes in the health of my community due to computers. Last year I had a friend who weighed @ NUM3 lbs and exercised regularly, but when he got a computer the following year he quit exercising and played @ NUM4 lbs it is now much slower and cannot do more than pushups. I don't agree that computers benefit our society because as people use computers more, they exercise less, which makes them unhealthy. Not only do computers have fewer unhealthy lifestyles, it also means spending less time with family and friends. Studies show that @ PERCENT1 of children who use our computer spend less time with their families and more time on the computer. This @ MONTH1 doesn't seem like a thing, but this study also shows that @ PERCENT2 children who spend less time with their families become lonely and kill themselves due to depression. I remember when a newcomer to our school he wasn't that kid and didn't have a lot of friends he was still having fun but when he came back the next year started and I found out that he had at the end of school and keep in touch with a friend of his and with his parents. So far that week from the rest of the students and not much. Then we got the @ DATE1 he wasn't at school and for the rest of the week he didn't show up either and finally the @ DATE2 and the teachers told us he was had fled and has still not been found. As a result, people who use computers spend less time with family and friends, which can make them depressed and lonely. More and more people are using computers on a daily basis, but I don't think it benefits our society. People spend too much on their computers and spend less time exercising and staying healthy. Plus, computer users spend less time with family and friends. I know the more people use computers, it's not better for our society, it's worse.
Dear @ PERSON1 the editor of Citizen @ LOCATION1, @ CAPS1 has been brought to my attention by some people around @ LOCATION1 that computers and technology are bad for us. I have also heard that people believe in technology. So the reason I am writing today concerns this issue is to express my beliefs. I believe this new technology affects our daily exercise, playing outdoors to enjoy nature, and interacting with friends and family. Now that the new technologies are with computers and the like, people are distracted and don't want to exercise. It will affect our youth because we will be fat, unhealthy, and sluggish all the time. @ PERSON1 we don't want this to happen to our young people because we are the future and if this continues the state and the country will suffer. Another reason is that it is good to exercise and not be on the computer or watching @ CAPS2 all the time because @ CAPS1 has been proven to give you more energy and you you will feel happier most of the time. Computers don't do that for us at all. One poll even says that @ PERCENT1 people have headaches and feel tired after using the computer. Exercise won't do it at all. Smell all of our new tech with @ CAPS2 and other giveaways, people really aren't going to play outside and enjoy nature anymore. I was asking my mom about it and she said, "@ CAPS4 these days don't go out anymore. I remember when I was your age and my mom kicked me outside at @ NUM1 am and I wouldn't be home until around @ NUM2 pm. " I believe it should still happen. Maybe parents should always do this with their @ CAPS4 and have them run around the neighborhood with other @ CAPS4. If we did this more often, maybe @ CAPS4 and the adults too. will just do it naturally and won't have to rely on computers or @ CAPS5 for entertainment. Don't you think it's a good idea @ PERSON1 ? My last topic is about computers and cellphones and how we don't really interact with our friends and family anymore. Nowadays, friends aim, video chat, or text each other instead of going to do something with them. It's not really healthy for us because we might not know how to talk to people in real life. Also, if someone is aiming at you or texting you, you really don't know what their tone is because you aren't talking to them face to face. Finally, I know families who are hurt by technology because that's all they do. They don't forget their emails and feel like they can't see each other. It is also not a healthy relationship with family members. @ PERSON1 I really hope I have convinced you that technology can only be used every now and then and not every day. Remember technology is bad because we don't exercise, play outdoors, and enjoy nature and really interact with friends and family. Thank you for your time.
Dear, I think computers are of great benefit to society and advance technology. They provide one-click knowledge and entertainment after a long day at work or school. Not only that, but people have found lasting careers thanks to the invention of the computer. So obviously computers have a big influence on society. Do you want to know when Major League Baseball was born? Or maybe you have a history report due the next day and your parents can '@ CAPS3 drive you to the library ? This is no longer a @ CAPS3 problem. Computers have evolved a lot since they were invented in @ NUM1. You can check your local news by having @ NUM2 electronic newspapers handy. Or maybe you want to venture outside your neighborhood and find out what's going on at @ LOCATION2 or @ LOCATION1. News isn't @ CAPS3 the only thing the internet is useful for. You can also go to one of the @ DATE1 websites for academic help or to check the progress of the scholarship. Or, you can just use the handy calculator that sits right on your desktop. What could be better? Of course, not all users have a computer for information. Many have it for entertainment purposes. In fact, @ PERCENT1 people use the computer for entertainment every day. What, with all the fun things you can do, who can blame them ? Social networks are at the top of the list. A huge @ PERCENT2 of Internet users use sites like @ CAPS1 or @ CAPS2. These sites are useful for finding friends you may not have seen in years or for continuing a conversation from @ NUM3 minutes ago. You can also use computers to watch the live stream @ CAPS3.V, or that new @ CAPS4 you received yesterday. That's right, @ CAPS3.V may not be needed soon ! And what would an account be without games? There are @ NUM2 on @ DATE1 scattered all over the web. It's awesome ? And finally, many people have found their careers on the Internet. Did you know that @ PERSON1, @ NUM5, was found via You Tube when his mom posted videos for the family to see when they could '@ CAPS3 attend proformance ? Of course, you tube is not @ CAPS3 the only way to make money. Tons of jobs are listed by employers just for the curious person to find. No more wondering city streets, now you can simply submit on demand or have an interview without ever leaving your own. Artists have also discovered talents, playing with @ CAPS6 or @ CAPS7. Not to mention professional careers directly involving IT, such as repair or special effects in cinema. So, no matter what you use a computer for, whether it's job search, entertainment, or information, it's a good idea to have them in your home. There is a time when @ PERCENT3 from @ CAPS8 uses them, and it's not just an excuse to sit still all the time.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 I would like to say that I love your story and the puzzles in your journal and think I have a story that you can use. These are people addicted to computers. I guess you are wondering what I mean by computer addiction. Well, I'll give you three reasons for this. My reason @ CAPS1 is that people don't spend a lot of time with their families. I say this because most of the time couples argue because the person who is addicted to the internet doesn't want them to do it. For example, let's say you have a turkey in the oven and you're in the computer, you forget everything until the fire alarm goes off. Another reason that people can be addicted to computers is because of all the online chat rooms that they have available. I know people who are addicted to online chat rooms and sometimes I worry about them because half the time they don't know who they are talking to ! It could be anyone, even a pedophile. My last reason is that some people don't care. Some people may be on the computer all day and night doing nothing but chatting online when they can give it a try or something useful or benevolent. You know I was addicted to the computer myself and because of that I almost failed all of my classes and because of that I don't use the computer to talk or anything like, but now I'm just reading my emails or writing my essay. And that concludes my or should I tell your next big story.
Lies! The computers we use in society do us no harm! They are a big step forward for humanity and only benefit our lives. They benefit us greatly for the following reasons : Computers are a source of knowledge, computers can help with advertising and business in many workplaces, and they are a very useful and easy way to communicate with someone around the world. across the street or across the ocean. Without a computer, computers only benefit the people of our society. First of all, computers are a great source of knowledge. Lots of people @ MONTH1 want answers to a question they recently encountered but cannot find the answers in a book or journal, so they turn to a computer and their problem is immediately resolved. Computers today contain all the information on every subject imaginable, from history to politics. Just find a site like @ ORGANIZATION1, type in the question and millions of responses are displayed to ensure a solution to the problem. Computers can also provide a place to search for a project or economic statistics if needed by school, business, or just for hobby. Times change rapidly and sources for world history and school subjects can easily be found around the internet. What you @ MONTH1 have been looking for in books and articles can be easily found on the Internet with the click of a button. Obviously, computers are a huge source of knowledge for our society. Second, computers and the Internet support many businesses in terms of advertising and profit. Whenever an internet visit occurs, there are many different businesses that are able to advertise their products and all of their business with pop-ups, sidebars, and websites. This clearly helps the workplace to grab attention. In addition to advertising products, companies can even sell their products online without doing anything. It can also help the consumer as they would not have to drive to the store and pick up what they need. All they have to do is select the items they want to purchase and wait for their arrival a few days later. Obviously, the computer and the Internet can contribute to the well-being of businesses. Finally, the computers we use today are a huge and easy means of communication. Contact with people from another street, city, state, country, can be established through the use of social networking sites such as @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3. You can send a letter with the push of a button without having to go to the post office and wait for a response. An instant message, which can be used on any of the sites mentioned, can also be made. This is where you can write something on the computer, send it to anyone, and get a response in seconds. Obviously, computers play an important role in communicating with each other smoothly. In conclusion, it is clear that computers are of great benefit to society without any side effects. Computers are a good source of knowledge, a business aid, and a great way to communicate. Everyone accepted this without hesitation, so you should too. Computers are the best thing that has ever happened to our society today.
Dear local newspaper, @ PERCENT1 from @ CAPS1 has his own computer. This shows that computers must have a positive effect on people if most people own them. I think computers have a positive effect on people because they give you the ability to talk to other people online, learn new things, and give you hand-eye coordination. My number one reason I think computers have a positive effect on people is that they give you the ability to talk to other people online. Some people do not have a telephone but do have computers. If you needed to contact someone, you could do so using a computer. Some people also have family and friends who live across the world. Computers are great for keeping in touch, nor will it cost you a lot for long distances like phones would. Because computers give you the ability to talk to your friends, family, and other people, it's a positive thing because it's important to do so. My second reason I think computers have a positive effect on people is that they give you the opportunity to learn new things. Learning new things using a computer has a positive effect on people because you don't have to travel and go to places to get information in order to learn things. You can do this with the click of a button. People could use the computer to learn anything or everything. Not having to leave your home to collect information about new things has a positive effect on people because now more people will be able to learn more because they have more time than they can. would do while traveling to obtain information. It's a positive effect on people because the more you know, the better. Having a lot of knowledge is a good thing and will do good things for you in the future. My third reason I think computers have a positive effect on people is because they teach people hand-eye coordination. Having hand-eye coordination has a positive effect on people because you will need it throughout your live. If you don't have good hand-eye coordination, that's a bad thing because you use it for just about everything, like driving, writing, and exercising. Computers give you the opportunity to learn eye and hand coordination throughout life, which is why it is a positive thing for people. I believe that computers have a positive effect on people because they give you the ability to talk online with people, learn new things and teach you hand-eye coordination. I hope this letter convinces you that computers have a positive effect on people.
Can you imagine how difficult life would be without a computer? I can believe that computers are useful. Computers help us do research, they keep us in touch with our friends and family, and they must be used in some @ CAPS1. The Internet is an easy way to do research. All you have to do is research whatever information you want and millions of articles will be just a click away. Using the Internet on a computer is much easier than browsing through books for something. It could waste a lot of time. The Internet can answer your questions quickly and directly. Computers are a great way to stay connected. Almost everyone now has an email. All you have to do is type a few letters and you'll meet some old friends. When you call someone, you cannot be sure whether they are busy or not. When using email, the person receiving the email can reply when they have free time. Computers are used in many @ CAPS1. Sometimes you are even forced to use it. Computers organize data by keeping documents in different files. Computers also have valuable programs that could help you in your career. Such as the word @ ORGANIZATION1. Using a computer would help you financially. Some of you might think that computers contain misleading information. The Internet is not always an honest place. By spending a few minutes checking your information on other websites, you will always spend less time than it takes to find the fact in a book. The computer is one of the greatest inventions created. This makes it easier to find connection with friends and your @ CAPS3 ! Use a computer @ DATE1 and your life will be changed for the better.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, In my opinion spending too much time online has a negative effect on society. People don't get the full social experience when talking through email, Facebook, and Twitter. Being on such sites took time that could be spent in other areas, such as family, friends, and school. They cannot enjoy the outdoors and exercise. While online activity can be helpful, spending too much time can be harmful. Interacting online can be a great experience for those with friends and family who live far away. But spending too much time online can hurt your level of social activity. In-person interaction is better than online because you see how the person you are talking to reacts to anything you say. Having a good, positive social environment is beneficial for you and your friend. Spending too much time on the computer can also hurt your social relationships with your family. For families who live far away, and online is the only way to socialize, online interaction is a great thing to have. But for your immediate family, you might miss out on their life and state of mind. Your relationship with your family could be compromised because you insist on using your computer. When you use the computer, you are probably also eating food. And spending time online takes time to burn off those calories. The level of obesity at @ LOCATION1 is increasing, the likely cause being overuse of computers. being outside is another thing that our lives miss due to computers, we don't live the beautiful nature life that our @ ORGANIZATION1 has to offer, online activity harms our health and prevents us from enjoy our outdoor life. In conclusion, being online too often abuses our social, our health and takes too much time in our life. Using the Internet is good for adults because they can pay taxes, work from home, and do many other things that are beneficial to themselves and their families. But for others, less useful sites are used to interact. Why not just call or meet someone, instead of using the computers ?
Dear local newspaper, I disagree with the effects computers have on children. Computers allow children to do whatever they want and they don't have to travel far to see certain things. Like if you wanted to see @ LOCATION1's @ CAPS1s you're not just going to get on a plane and fly there when you could get photos and information straight to the computer in minutes. This is fine if you want to see it in person, but you won't want to pay for plane tickets or travel very far when you can just see it from home. Computers have a lot of fun stuff like myspace, @ CAPS2, and games have almost anything you can think of as well. So why travel when you can see everything on your computer. I think the computer can be a little addicting sometimes, but you have to learn to get away from it most of the time, but it is very easy to learn things on a computer. Computers are used by billions and they are a great way to learn about the whole world and the things in it. It has informational websites like Google or Bing to search for whatever you want to search. Computers are almost everywhere in phones, I-pods, and even some are placed in cars like police cars. Computers are very useful to people of the world @ DATE1 I bet the people who make them will make new ones that can fit almost anything. They have computers in almost every building like hospitals, fire stations, police stations, and electronics stores like Radioshack. You will learn a lot more about computers than having to travel to places or to school. In my mind we should all have computers because they are fun and you can learn anything you can think of so we should all have them. So I think computers are very useful and can teach you a lot about things that are going on in our world today, so I don't agree with what scientists or people are saying about computers and the effects that this has on some people from @ DATE1.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 is convinced that this is becoming a big deal because people are spending all their time in books instead of communicating with friends and family, exercising or enjoying nature. Just like the expert who was tinkering then in his book called @ CAPS2 by Computers "Too much time spent on computers and not the cluttered hours gained can make you very gloomy." @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 why people should go out more this is @ CAPS5 they can have exchanges with their friends and family. I bet you didn't know that @ PERCENT1 of the kids from @ NUM1 to @ NUM2 are sitting on their cow or playing quick games like us. Another @ CAPS4 is that people need more exercise. In addition, the @ NUM3 of the country's leaders will be up to a little exercise, and this is mainly because of the computers. it or not, but jack cup thinks @ CAPS5 too, he said '@ PERCENT2 people how much nature will benefit from @ NUM4 more years and people now probably won't have a heart in there @ NUM5's "@ CAPS5 that's why I think computers are bad for people, but it's not just me it's @ PERSON1, jackup @ CAPS6, sisintsits and many percentages as well.
Wouldn't you say having a computer in your house is useful? It provides useful information for everyone. It can be used for personal purposes, for example to talk to friends. If there is a child in the house, he or she may have to search the Internet for something for school. If you need to get to a place or want to learn more about a specific person, a computer can help. If you have a kid who likes to jack up the phone bill because he likes talking to his friends, just tell him to use a computer! These are all ways to communicate via a computer such as @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3, @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5, @ CAPS6, and even by e-mail ! If you need to quickly plan a movie with a few friends, just email or message them at @ CAPS2. Now a @ CAPS1 you can text people right from your computer ! If you are worried that someone will not receive the email on time, just enter their cell phone number on @ CAPS1 and a text message. It's free too! Now that our world has become more technologically advanced, schools often have a tendency to tell students to search for something on a computer or maybe do an assignment posted on their web page. If a child doesn't have a computer at home, they will. Make it difficult for them to do their homework. Also, if a parent decides to start a business from a computer, they will be instructed not to increase their profits and to speak with customers. A computer can also make signs for a business or business cards. Need a route to a restaurant? Or maybe a local gym? A computer can help you find directions to almost the @ CAPS10 plane on earth. @ ORGANIZATION1 @ CAPS11 is a reliable website for getting directions. You can also learn more about specific people if you enter their name in @ ORGANIZATION1. If you need a phone number but don't have a phone book, you can use the @ CAPS12 pages to help you. So, now I hope you can see that computers are affecting people in a positive way. They help you keep in touch with your friends and save you money. They help students learn more and could potentially help you start your own business from your home. If you need directions or help finding a phone number, a computer can help you in several ways. Having a computer can give you a perspective on everything.
@ ORGANIZATION1 my name is @ PERSON1 and I just want to tell you that we should stop using computers because we don't exercise, we barely go out and we don't even talk or talk to our friends anymore or to our family. Local newspaper I think we should have a computer but not because a lot of people are not doing anything. A lot of people don't exercise because they pick up Facebook or play games. Many children don't even go out to see nature and play. Many families are all on computers and don't spend family time together with gofly kites. What I'm saying is, yes people love computers and go talk to their friends and play games, but it destroys parents and even families. I don't think I have computers. Also the local newspaper, we have to go there and the @ DATE1 and go does not happen. a lot of children go, they are on the computer. many parents go hiking, camping, swimming, and more, but they don't anymore. These people need a change. What I'm talking about is removing the computer or. One more thing in the local newspaper is that many children, children and parents need more time. Maybe if parents weren't all they chose, they could be sick or sick. Maybe they could go out somewhere to have two together like a lake or six flags. a lot of parents they get the computer because it's so much fun for them. A lot of people around the world are complaining about it. So I think everyone should be off computers. I think we shouldn't have a computer company because you don't exercise, you barely go outside and see nature and you hang out or talk with your friends and family, so I think computers are gone now.
Computers are good for school purposes, skills, and just for fun. Computers are a good source to have, now that's just my opinion. But I think computers are primarily for pre-teens and teens. Adults use them primarily for business. Fun uses provided by the computer are @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3, etc. @ CAPS1 is one of the most popular newsgroups on the internet, @ CAPS2 is another popular newsgroup. They both have the same features like chatting with your friends, updating your status every now and then, uploading photos, songs, etc. download music to your ipod. @ CAPS3 is a website where kids teens watch some of their favorite music videos. Itunes is the program where you can download any song, music video, TV show, or movie to iPod. Computers also provide microsoft @ CAPS5, publicher, powerpoint, etc. All of these can be used for school purposes. @ CAPS5 lets you type anything you want for school. You can type a test page @ NUM1 if you want. You can cut and paste images for any project you might have needed. You can change the colors, font size and font style on @ CAPS5. This use could be for a design on the front of a cover page for an essay or project. Publisher can also be used for projects. At school, you need to make a journal, flyers, business cards, etc. The editor allows you to do them. Powerpoint is a program where you can create different slides in anything. Computers can be put to good use for many different things. If people don't agree with this, then they don't understand that computers help children and adults with everyday things. Some children with special needs @ MONTH1 need the computer to communicate with others. The computer, I think, is a big help in the world.
Dear @ CAPS1, I think computers have a very positive effect on people. Now that technology continues to advance, there are many educational options available online, now you can interact with people without being physically with them, and you can play games that will enrich your life. First, I believe that computers offer a wide variety of educational options. You can consult your textbook on the Internet alone. You can also practice further with the many resources provided with the online manual. Without physically bringing your textbook home, you can view the book online. There are tons of additional practice and practice quizzes in the online manual that are great for studying. What's more, when you see on the internet, you can get real-time updates of the main events in the world. For example, the other day I went online and saw an article about the earthquake in @ LOCATION1. I didn't see any of this in the log, but the internet was so up to date that you can stay informed of something that happened just a few minutes ago. But if you choose not to use the Internet, there are many great learning programs available. Which are directly related to the development of your children's math and reading skills. These programs can give anyone a good start in education. Another opportunity that could be useful on a computer is the ability to interact with other people. Video chat, @ CAPS2, and using @ CAPS3 social sites are great ways to interact with people. When you are video chatting, you can have a chat with some in class on video ! Even most of them are not physically with you to speak. Instan messaging is a less direct, but still useful, way of talking to someone from a distance. You can share the news or just have a chat with someone you know. Finally, @ CAPS3 social sites such as Facebook and Twitter are a valuable way to connect with people. You can message, play games, or just talk to someone on these websites. They certainly take the best parts of the online interaction and put them together. Finally, there are many very useful online games. If you've always wanted to go bowling but never had the time, you can play a game online. Or if you've ever wanted to drive a stock car, you can play an online game. These online games are a great way to give yourself the opportunity to do something that you wouldn't normally do. Many games also help sharpen your reflexes and quick thinking skills. These could possibly drag on in situations where you need good reflexes and quick thinking. Games can be very useful when you need to prepare something. Online games are also for and enjoy too. Overall, I think the computer is a valuable resource in advertising, for interacting with other people, and playing useful games. After all, who could pass up the opportunity to better prepare for life?
Do you like technology? More and more people in this world are using so much technology and especially computers. But not everyone agrees that it benefits society. But I do. Because it can give people the ability to learn whatever they want to learn. Then it can give better communication to others who live further away from you. My last reason is that this technology can be a good way to protect this country. Now I agree that computers can be useful human witchcraft. When I was around @ NUM1, I loved playing on the computer, I thought it was just a game. But my dad told me not to use the computer, to use it for education. I have discovered that there is so much to learn with just one click. You can now use this technology as a tool, not a game. You may not want to go to the library to find a book, you can just search the computer for it. People like to talk to others, meet new people, or just connect with others who live in another country. One of the best ways is on the computer. I'm @ NUM2 and I have a lot of friends chatting on the computer, and I'm one of them. My family members live at @ LOCATION1, and I just can't get on a plane every day to visit them. So I just go to the computer and talk to them, this is one of the fastest and most fun ways to do it. @ ORGANIZATION1 has one of the strongest @ ORGANIZATION2 and @ ORGANIZATION3 in the world. You wouldn't believe the technology they have and how they use it. One of the best things they have is the "@ PERSON1". @ CAPS1 an airplane piloted by a remote control. It's like a fighter plane, but without a pilot! Whoever is controlling it can relax while @ PERSON1 does all the work now, come join me in saying computers are useful in this world ! From the above reasons, I assert that computers are useful because they give people the opportunity to learn whatever they want. It gives a way to communicate. Last @ CAPS1 a good way to protect this country. Technology is developing faster and faster and faster and faster. So take my word for it "don't overdo it, use it".
To whom it concerns @ MONTH1 : I think computers have a big effect on people. Computers are useful for homework, they let you stay in touch with family out of state, you can also look up directions and location information. Computers are good for last minute situations. Computers are great for homework because when you type a report it looks more professional. While you are typing a report, you can also search on your project at the same time. In some cases there are people who write very slappy on a painting where they cannot read their own handwriting or a teacher. A sloppy writer can use the computer to make his paper clean. If a child or parent cannot make it to the library for some reason, they can use their home computer. If you are a busy stay-at-home parent with children and need to work ; you don't have to go anywhere, just stay home and use your computer. If a child is absent from school, you can go to the school website and find out about homework. Do you have relatives out of state that you want to talk to? If so, wouldn't you want to be able to talk to them without an expensive phone bill ? A majority of people would say yes. Using the computer to stay in touch with family is not that expensive at all! Some examples are goals, emails and other networks and they don't throw money away at all for free. When there is a day when you have nothing to do, don't you just want to go somewhere to have fun? Don't you want to do something just to get out of your house? Well, if there is a last minute decision or situation, the computers are here to help. Before you go somewhere and want to learn more go to computers. Not only will you get information about the place, but you will also be able to get directions. Now you can go somewhere instead of staying home bored. In conclusion, computers have a great effect on people. It can be useful for adults as well as children. Teachers can calculate student averages easier and faster, and kids can do homework efficiently. You can also keep in touch with your friends. Overall, computers are helpful.
Isn't it great to cool off when you're outside? Wouldn't you feel like you were jumping into the crashing waves of @ LOCATION1 instead of sitting inside, looking at pictures of @ LOCATION1 ? You might think that computers are helping society today, but you are wrong. The human race has survived hundreds of years without computers, and we can survive hundreds more. Computers are helping society become increasingly lazy. We can get so much information from books if we do our best. Hand-eye coordination is important and we can achieve it through activities such as soccer and tennis. It can also be obtained through activities! Drawing, reading, and even playing an instrument can all improve hand-eye coordination while letting you explore your creative side. Some people believe that computers teach hand-eye coordination, and it is possible, but there are better ways to achieve it. It would take longer to get it from a computer than from an activity. Many people like to travel to all places in the world, but going to a foreign region without any knowledge is not at all smart. So what are you doing? Go to the most convenient source, the Internet. But what if I told you that anyone can put anything on the Internet? You might get information on @ LOCATION3 when you think you are getting information on @ LOCATION2. The most reliable source would be a book. Reading is very powerful, especially if you are reading from a good source. In recent times, children have made their living on the Internet. The only way they communicate is through online chat. Chatting online can / should never replace time spent in person with friends. Relationships with others online are never real. We use our knowledge on how to communicate with others. Internet is not worth it. So, as you can see, computers are no good. Thank you.
Dear @ CAPS1, computers are a technological breakthrough, in a good way. They are of great benefit to society. It's a way for family members to keep in touch, it makes your life easier by booking a flight and keeping a flight and in a tasty way they help the kids with their homework. They can bring people together. Number one, they're a great way to keep in touch. In my own experience I have a brother in college and when I miss him or need to talk to him I can always email him or video chat with him. Do you have someone you don't see every day? It can really bring your family closer together as you talk more, with your loved ones and with your friends. Friends over and go but you can still chat if you need to. In a time of pain, all you want is a friend. When the friends left, a computer probably helped us, too, just to get there. Booking packages without a computer would be a daunting task, waiting on the phone for hours, in the end with computers you can do it all in about five minutes. I had an experience when my plane was canceled but didn't know about it until she went to the computer and checked. So she just changed flights and we left, but could you imagine going the next day to find your flight was canceled and trying all day to catch a flight and maybe not. With computers, you can check every hour if you want. We must even say if there is a delay so as not to wait five hours at the airport. When it comes to travel, computers are a drag. Has this ever happened to you? Most likely. Yes, once you were happy you had a computer. On the other hand, it also helps your education. When class is over and your teacher is trying to scramble with his homework, most of the time no one mentions that all they want to do is scat. About nine or ten kids won't know the homework when they get home that night. I know this has happened to me. As an eighth grader, you probably forgot everything and just picked up the right people. You can use your computer. Most schools use some or one device, here at @ CAPS2 there are all teacher posts, grades, upcoming quizzes / quizzes and homework. It's one click away from everything we need. Everything is there, together. Most @ CAPS3 kuchers will be happier if their children come, with their homework and then without. Wouldn't you be? From fundraisers for schools to the lunch menu, it's all there. In conclusion, computers help us in everyday use. for special uses. It helps make the family stronger, keep us away, and do our homework for school the next day. Computers are an aid to society in a great and practical way.
I walked into my living room one night and saw my mom on the computer. I was like "she's still on this computer, isn't she working on doing it?" I said to my mom, "I think we should have an hour and two on the computer every night, or not at all." I told him that I think computers are a bad choice because you don't know who is on the internet and trying to talk to you. Also, it prevents you from exercising and spending time with family and friends. Internet / computers are very dangerous these days. You never know if someone is a friend or a predator trying to get you. Say if you were talking to someone and thought it was your friend, you are not sure for sure whether or not it is. I could be an older man or woman trying to reach you so they can probably kidnap you. Steal from you and worse. Now I watch the news and see a lot of kidnappings because kids talk to people on the internet and don't know who they are or what they look like. For example, when a girl was talking to a man and she thought it was her friend, it turned out she wasn't and she had a lot of problems. Maybe if she had met him she would have been very hurt and afraid of that memory for the rest of her life. Family is very important to most families these days. I have heard that spending time with family will increase your grades in school because by talking to them you learn new things. Unfortunately, this doesn't happen because people are so isolated from their computers that they don't spend a minute with family or friends. I have a friend who is still on the computer. She never spends time with her family or friends. She is so focused on the computer screen as on what is going on around her. Recently, she quit the computer and spent more time with her family and friends. Even her grades started to increase because she was spending more time studying with her mom and dad and then was on ... for example @ CAPS1 or myspace and not doing any work for school. In other words, she is very happy in life now and has changed from this experience she had. Most people think you can use your brain for knowledge and call it exercise. That's one way of saying it, but it's not an exercise for your body. People spent more time having their eyes glued to the computer screen than not going out to play or maybe going to the gym. The obesity rate in our country is increasing for many reasons and lack of exercise is one of them because people spend too much time watching TV and being on the computer. I have a little cousin who is overweight and should play sports and exercise. But does she, "no" ... She spends her free time on the computer in a stuffy room, instead of taking in the fresh air outside. She keeps asking me how I got and how old, and I keep telling her, I exercise and play sports so I can't tell you when. I keep telling her this but she never listens. To this day, she's still the same because she didn't follow my advice to get out of the computer and go play outside. I totally agree that we should only have two hours of computer every night or have no computers at all. For children, protecting ourselves from the wrong people in the world, spending time with family and friends, and finally exercising and staying fit with our bodies. I hope people will understand what I am saying and take action to persuade them in their own life and to convince others as well.
Dear @ CAPS1 or @ ORGANIZATION2, local newspaper @ CAPS2 @ CAPS1 or @ ORGANIZATION2 editor of the local newspaper @ CAPS4. I am writing a letter telling you about the effect of the computer on people in a society. I think computers help society learn and help people talk to others around the world. Computing helps society discover distant parts of the world, learn about the history of a region, and study animals and habits unable to reach without traveling. The computer allows @ CAPS14 to know more about an area that is difficult to find like @ PERSON1 and the cliff of @ CAPS5 in @ LOCATION1, @ CAPS6 to know more about the history of an area or towns in the 'old @ CAPS7 as @ ORGANIZATION1 in @ LOCATION2 of @ CAPS5. Help study animal species and the habits they might harbor like @ CAPS9 @ CAPS10 or the hasin in @ CAPS9 or species called @ CAPS12 @ CAPS13. IT helps society learn all of this. The computer also helps people talk to others around the world as you can organize confetti on your computer when you are at home, @ CAPS14 is easier to talk and ask questions with others while you are on vacation, and you don't have to pay to travel to a place to go to confession with others. You can confess on your computer from home when you cannot get to @ CAPS14. @ CAPS14 is easier to talk and ask questions about something important to your business. You can go to your computer and talk with other people without spending any money to get there. This is how the computer helps people talk to others around the world. This is how computers help society learn and talk to others around the world. @ CAPS1 or @ ORGANIZATION2 publisher of the local newspaper.
Dear Diary, People use computers in their daily lives, and having computers has become a habit for many people through @ LOCATION1. We use computers for research, writing articles, or just for entertainment, in all of these ways computers are very useful. But, like all good things, too much computer time can be harmful. Of course, they provide our lives with knowledge, information about the outside world, and connections with people from anywhere, but some of us get too attached to this virtual life instead of living our own real life. . It happens to a lot of people, some don't even notice what computers are doing to them. For most people life @ MONTH1 is tough and the real world is stressful so they retreat to the computer for a while, and for me that's fine, but when someone keeps doing that , it will become an addiction. Instead of relaxing while taking a walk or reading a book, they go to the computer, it wouldn't be good for their social life or their mind. In my opinion, minds need to think, they need to exercise by wondering about something or finding a problem. Of course, you think your brain is thinking while playing a stimulating computer game, and of course in some ways it is. But he could reach his full potential by doing something else that doesn't strain your eyes so much. Computers can be good, but not for everything in your life. Now what about your social life Computers can be a useful resource in many ways, but not if you let them become destruction. This @ MONTH1 happens by letting the computer be your constant companion. Nowadays, people have come up with online games where you can interact with other people. This isn't necessarily bad unless your whole social life is with those people online that you really don't know, instead of real people you see in school or meet on the streets of every city. days so what I'm saying is chatting with people online isn't bad as long as you put them as secondary friends and real people come first. Like I said at the start, computers are part of our everyday life, and that's not a bad thing, they can be very useful. But you have to control what you do on them and how much you use them. If you do this, you will likely have a much more balanced lifestyle. Make you and your friends and family much happier.
Dear Journalists, @ CAPS1, you may have heard on the new @ ORGANIZATION1, more and more people say that computers are good for society. I personally agree with them. I think they make people miss new things, miss meeting new people, and watch exercise. Time flies. Things can fly over your head and you might not notice them. Have you ever been on a computer for an hour. You might have felt like you were on @ NUM1 twinks. Lots of people did it for a whole day. You could have missed a year of stuff. New things like the new ipod nano with camera can be invented and you wouldn't know it. Also, the ipod. You can download books and read them there. There are also new things to try like the art of jumping from a single or bungee jump. You could go to a new place in the world. Travel to @ LOCATION1, @ LOCATION2 or even underwater. Even go to @ LOCATION2 and have a hot, melt-in-the-oven cheese pizza. My mouth growls just thinking about it. How many people do you know. What about on facebook or myspace. @ CAPS3 you shouldn't go to the park. Meet people. By simply going to a family home, you can interact. Everyone should be interacting with someone. Even two-year-olds need to interact with other two-year-olds. It's because they're learning to share @ CAPS2, you're not two anymore but it's good to know someone. Learn how others think too. You @ MONTH1 think your path is good and the other is not. This is called interacting talking. @ CAPS1, you might see in the news how many families have someone in the family with weight problems. Meny shows as the biggest losers @ CAPS3 that the channels are trying to help these people lose weight. But what is it ? It could be about not eating well or not excreting well. But the problem could be with computers. A lot of people spend @ NUM2 minutes on the computer, rather than @ NUM3 exercising. A simple walk around the lock can make you lose at least @ NUM4 calls. Others might instead stay on the computer and gain @ NUM4 calls. And some deaths are around by heart attack. This @ MONTH1 caused by current billing or weight. In addition to reaching for an apple, many Americans buy this food. I think we should still be using computers, but cut down on the time we use it, exercise, and eat more. You might think after reading this letter. Thinking that people won't listen to exercise and meet new people or places. But, the only thing we can do is incite at least one person. This person can inspire another person. It can go on and on. Little by little, we can help people do what they can do without using a computer.
Dear Local Newspaper, The question everyone is asking is whether computers benefit society. I used to think they weren't benefiting society, but now I think they do. I think this is because, a good place to get information, two we live in a technologically advanced society, and three you can keep in touch with people who are halfway around the world. So, are computers really benefiting our society? Computers are a great resource for me when I need to get information. For example, in my recent current social studies project, I needed to go to the computer to get some information on the topic. Also, if you need information about something and you cannot access the library, the computer has the same information. The computer is also useful when trying to find maps for a certain location or a phone number for a store. The computer is and always will be a great source of information. In @ DATE1, technology is an integral part of society. For example, the first computer that came out was this huge block that when you do something on it, you put a cardboard card. Now we have thin and small laptops. It is therefore essential to know how to use a computer to follow the @ DATE1. So, are you going to pass up the technology? Computers are one of the best ways to stay in touch. For example, if you call someone across the world, your phone bill will skyrocket. But if you go to a site like Facebook, you can talk for free. AIM is also another way to chat with people. Another free way to talk to people. What same person wouldn't want to talk for free to their friends and family around the world ? The reasons I have given you are valid reasons with details. Technology is like a train, will you experience it.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, I think computers do not benefit society. They do more harm than good in my opinion. People are not on the computer looking for people. They are on to check @ CAPS3, @ CAPS4, @ CAPS5. They need to go out and see the outside world, people need to interact with their family and friends. Humans who have too much free time. So they might get bored that they will create a @ CAPS3 account or if they already did, maybe they will have one of the games on them and eventually you will get addicted to @ CAPS3 and you won't you will never go away from it. Our company needs to encourage people to go out and only use your computer to check your email, add something to your iPod, and maybe check if you have a notification on @ CAPS3. If you really want to have a great life sitting in front of the computer, your whole life will not allow you to have fun like this. You have to live your life like you're going to die tomorrow. Go out, watch the big game with all your buddies. Go on vacation, escape with your family. Travel the world and remember every part. Wouldn't you rather be doing this than sitting in front of your computer ? We need to inform our state of this problem. There is a reason we are becoming one of the fastest countries! People don't leave their homes and get active. If people avoid their computers, we could be one of the fittest countries.
Dear local newspaper, The effects that computers have on people are not good. They can cause a lot of problems in your life. When you are on a computer, are you running ? No, you're just sitting there ; the use of the computer involves very little movement. You have to jump, dance, walk with your friends, anything! You can gain a lot of weight by sitting down and using the computer all day. Another problem that computers give you is being non-social. You can get addicted to a game or something like facebook / @ CAPS1 and be there all the time. You won't talk to your friends at school so much or hang out with them because all you want to do is go to the computer. You always think about this and nothing else in life. Computers can also be very dangerous. If you are on something where you talk to people you don't know, they may find out things about you and may hurt you. It's not at all about talking to people you don't know online. These are the many problems that computers cause. Believe me, I've been hooked on a game before.
School, family and sport, it's @ CAPS5 that I always tell myself. Children now live on the computer one day. @ PERCENT1 students leave school and go straight to the computer. Students should spend more time with their families, they should exercise more and finally focus more on their grades at school. My number one reason I agree is that most kids never spend time with their families. All children love to come home and sit at the computer all day. This is terrible because children never spend time with their families and show appreciation for @ CAPS5 that their parents do for them. For example, I just want to ask young children if they thank their parents every day ? The reason I want to ask this question is because they should be doing it every day. Also, my second reason I agree is that students need to devote more time and effort to school. Children should stop spending hours on Facebook, @ CAPS1 and @ CAPS2. Instead of going to these websites, they should be on a website like @ ORGANIZATION1 doing some research. @ PERCENT2 of students who go to school have either facebook, @ CAPS1 and @ CAPS2. For example, everyday I walk down the halls where I hear students talking about @ CAPS5 and the computer @ TIME1. It's ridiculous how many students don't finish their homework and hand it in late. Finally, my third and final reason I agree is that students absolutely don't exercise. A famous baseball player once said " you don't have to be strong, but you have to be fit and athletic ". @ CAPS5 that meant you had to be in good shape. @ PERCENT3 of students are not getting the weight they should be because they are obese and do not exercise. The only exercise students now get per day is their @ CAPS6.E. to classify. Even then, students quickly tire and run out of steam because they are lazy and always in front of the computer. They have to get out of the computer and do push-ups, sit-ups and just exercise. For example, every day I get out of school, do my homework, and go for a mile. To add to students, they must pass @ CAPS6.E. to classify. In conclusion, students shouldn't be spending so many hours on the computer and spending time with their families, as well as focusing on their school grades, and finally they should get out of the computer and exercise more and stay healthy !
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2's opinion on computers is good. I think they can help people with whatever they need. People can also contact other people. All computers are useful and not always have something negative about someone using them. Computers help teachers, students, employees and parents. They are not always there to help. Computers can also be used for fun. Games, music and videos are still on the Internet. Contacting other people is also a great reason computers aren't bad. People can still have an email for business and friends. Myspace, @ CAPS3, and @ CAPS4 are all websites that people can contact with others. Having a computer isn't always bad. When you do a story for the journal, is it handwritten? You also use the computer for work. Computers aren't always bad. People have to learn to limit their time. They can always have a positive effect on people when they need something. Information about anything is always on the Internet. Computers have been used for decades, and I think they will be used for many more. Back then, people used computers primarily for work. Now people of all ages can use it for all kinds of things.
Computers. An achievement @ MONEY1 the technology and science that all improve @ MONEY1 our lives. They allow you to explore the world with one click and chat with your friends. What could be wrong with that? I will tell you. I believe computers are ruining our society. Don't get me wrong, I like them, but they can be bad. People get along and never get off, you never know who you are chatting with online, and they can cause @ MONEY1 a lot of stress. Let me explain to you why computers can ruin lives. When the computer was invented, I'm sure that was not the point. To keep playing crazy games or searching the web at random. Some scientists have even studied the @ PERCENT1 @ MONEY1 over time, the more online you are the more likely you are to become obiece. This is not what @ LOCATION1 needs. You say you're going to play for a minute, but you'll keep playing "@ CAPS1" or "@ CAPS2" for days. People who have work to do with @ CAPS3 might never get along. Plus, it's just a waste of time @ MONEY1 when you might be outside playing a @ CAPS3 game. My second reason is that when you "chat" or "@ CAPS4'ing" with someone, who is it ? Research has shown that when you think you are talking to friends, it really is a @ NUM1 year old pervert looking to "have fun". @ CAPS5 eh? Also, while you are talking, someone might embed a virus in your system that might require @ MONEY1 to fix it. How crazy would your parents be? It could happen with every letter you press. Finally, stranger or not, some @ MONEY1 these people leave links to go to disgusting websites that you beg your parents don't see. My final point is that computers are proven to cause more stress. When you are on @ CAPS6 or @ CAPS7, nasty quarrels between friends can occur and affect you and your schoolwork, which affects your grades. For every @ NUM2 people when they join a social page, @ NUM1 get lower marks for this issue. Also, when your parents are online for a long time, the next morning they have to rush to get ready for work and get tired, which affects their quality work @ MONEY1. In this economy, I don't think we need more layoffs. Even simple things like virus or slow download can and will cause stress, in fact @ PERCENT2 @ MONEY1 @ LOCATION1 has stress problem with computers. I told you today why computers are bad. They are sucked in, stressed and hunted down. Now, not all computers are bad, you just need to use them right. These are the reasons I think computers can be bad.
Hello @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3 do you think computers have a big effect on people ? Well I'm sure @ CAPS3 thinks that using a computer has a big effect on people. I say this because people probably spend a whole day on these facebook, myspace gol websites, looking for word differences, directions to places, etc. If you think about it, this effect on people can ruin their eye and social skills. These people spend as @ NUM1 hours maximum on the computer. Looking at this tiny @ NUM2 inch screen can damage your eye site. This can cause you to wear glasses or possibly go blind. How would your life be without talking to a girl / guy or even your own family? If you waste your time on such sites eg: facebook all you @ CAPS3 is an instant message from the person. Maybe you should go out and @ CAPS3 something fun with this person. What do I hear about map it.com ? Don't be lazy and cut @ NUM3 minutes out of your day just to get directions. Use a real map ! Also, free @ LOCATION1 ? Go on! Use a real dictionary. So, I come to my conclusion by saying that these @ CAPS3 computers have a "big effect" on people. It gives them shortcuts in life.
Dear Le @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3, Computers do not benefit society. They make people antisocial, unhealthy, and do bad things. Internet is very addicting. I used to spend three hours online everyday. I had no exercise at all. Additionally, I was encouraged to eat unhealthy snacks online. It made me very unhealthy, I gained nine pounds in one week. Now I have dietbeats. I can't enjoy things like candy or running. I'll probably have arthritis in my hands when I'm older because I've spent hours typing. I used the computer in the dark, so I need contacts. Using the computer is one of the most unhealthy choices of all time. I spent so much time on the computer that I couldn't socialize. I missed a lot of activities with my friends and family because I was so busy online. I hardly spoke to anyone, unless it was by email. I have lost a lot of friends and relatives. My animals died because I didn't take care of them. I didn't really want to do anything other than go online. I missed job interviews and job interviews. To this day, I don't have a social life or a job because I spent more time socializing with the computer than with people. Computers have ruined my life. Computers encourage very bad things. Not just unhealthy choices and anti-social behavior, they discourage things against the law. A lot of drugs and weapons are bought online. People kill themselves or others because people have chatted about them online. People don't care about nature and destroy it. People are stealing to buy additional technology. A lot of car thieves happen because someone left the technology in there. People are playing poker online. People hack into bank accounts through the computer. Prostitution happens because of online chats. These are sex lovers who go online pretending to be people who want a date when they are rapists. Terrorists can communicate over the Internet. Computers are a threat to society. They turn people into scum and criminals. Computers must be wiped out before they bring about the end of the world.
Dear newspaper @ LOCATION1, I believe that computers have a very positive effect on people. Computers can help children with homework. Computers also allow people to learn new things. You can even communicate with friends. There are many great uses for a computer. Children have a lot of homework and without a computer it would be almost impossible to finish it all. At @ ORGANIZATION1, students receive a project almost every month. We need photos, information, and that needs to be taken care of. Computers are pretty much the only way to find pictures, information and make it clean. Kids also have a ton of homework and computers are very important for that. In science class we get a bunch of homework for each new unit and without a computer it would be really hard to do. You can also learn a lot of things you never knew by using a computer. There are many uses for a computer and one of them is learning. There are many educational websites on computers. If you are traveling somewhere and want to know more about this place, you can search the internet for it. Even if you read a book and come across a word you don't know, you can search for it and you will find it. Communicating with friends is also important, and computers provide many ways to do this. There is facebook, @ CAPS1 and videochat. You can use Facebook if you want to talk to friends or video chat to talk to friends as well. These things are great if you want to show off vacation photos or talk to a friend in another country. These are all great ways to use computers. I really think computers have a positive effect on people. They help with projects and homework, learn new things, and communicate with friends. Computers are great.
Dear, @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 Computers are useful, they have a negative effect on people. Due to advancements in IT, many people don't go out so much anymore. People are so busy with computers that they don't even spend quality time with friends and family anymore. Obesity is also a big problem. Computers are ruining people's experience with the great outdoors. Many people, mostly children, stay indoors all day to play video games on computers. Outside there are good things to do like going to the park or playing sports. Computers are just taking the kids away and now they can't have fun outdoors anymore and now is the time for the kids at @ DATE1 to stay indoors all day, instead of going to have fun outside. outside the camps. Today, families are broken up because of computers. Parents or even children don't spend much time together because of computers. As a result, the family begins to lose the bond between them. Families can also develop these means, young people are most likely attracted to computers, so it is either the son or daughter who is not in emotional or physical contact with the family that is the problem. Health is a big deal when it comes to computers. What happens are teenagers or even adults sitting in front of the computer playing these games or surfing the web, then having dinner and then continuing to surf the web or playing games. games. After time, things start to get worse and children gain weight and continue to gain weight, then become obese and unhealthy. It's a problem all over America is that technology continues to advance and young people will become very unhealthy. In conclusion, computers have a very negative effect on people. People don't go out as much anymore. Family relationships are ruined and people's health is bad ! If this does not change, the future of the Americas will be threatened.
some people discover remote places, get the latest updates on important news, and make shoddy work and handwriting look neat. All of these things are positive benefits that people have from computers. People everywhere are using computers to search for other places. Computers provide photographs of where they are doing their research. For example : I remember when I had a social studies project on @ PERSON1, and I had to explain why this is a great place to visit for its history. Beware, I never even heard of a place called @ PERSON1 @ PERSON1, but thanks to computers I googled "@ PERSON1 @ PERSON1 @ PERSON1", then the computer gave me all the information. and photos on the mountain @ CAPS1. Now I @ CAPS2 where and what the sheep look like @ PERSON1 @ PERSON1. Second, computers get all the latest news from around the world. I remember when the earthquake in Haiti first happened my grandma made it happen until she logged in to check out @ ORGANIZATION1 and when, where and the earthquake on the Richter scale. about computers was one I was not the best writer in the class, and I could write it or do it on the computer, plus we were graded on cleanliness, workmanship, and fluency. I chose to do it on the computer, it came out nice and neat with pictures. computers has a very positive advantage over people all over the world. now matter if it's for information, news or to make things clean.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1, do you know a child or teenager between the ages of eight and seventeen who doesn't live to go on the computer? Well, myspace, facebook, and goal are like an online meeting place. Children everywhere are logging in and not logging out unless the child's parent does. I firmly believe that computers have a major effect on people, my three reasons are people don't exercise, they don't interact with others, kids are scoffs that they'll sneak up they are researching if that was not the case. Websites and online games are like hypnotizing people and making them stick around for hours. Most parents think having their child on a computer to do research for an hour is a good thing; However, kids are and would sneak around to pay online by going to a website they weren't allowed to go to and weren't before. Sometimes the best thing for @ CAPS1 is to get some fresh air and interact with others. But with websites that keep people logged in for more than two hours, they don't look fresh and don't interact with others. Most of the time, people have forgotten and don't know what anything is except how a computer is because they play it so much. People grow up fast when you think about it, and people start to eat, drink, sometimes sleep in front of the computer. People stay at the computer and eat their, they won't exercise enough, they will start to put on weight and soon they will only stay at the computer because they haven't exercised to burn fat. fats. How do you see how computers have a major effect on people by not interacting with others, not having enough of them, and kids sneakily marry and will go to another website they weren't allowed to continue and if their parents came home.
Dear @ CAPS1, I don't think computers are something people should be using @ NUM1. Computers have something going for them where somehow they get addicting. People who gain weight every day because they sit at the computer and chat all day. Then there are these terrible people on the internet dressing up to look like a @ NUM2 year old boy when there really is a one year old man. Finally, nowadays people use the computer as a source for reading instead of books. I just think computers are ruining the lives of a lot of people. For starters, most people today get overweight because they watch @ CAPS2 a lot, or sit in front of the computer and eat all day. Once you start with the computer, you will never stop. Especially if you multitask where you eat and use the computer. The big problem is, people think it's better to sit at home than to enjoy nature for exercise ! It's really not good that people don't get out of the computer and start enjoying life. Second, not everyone online is who they claim to be and creates fake accounts like @ CAPS3 or @ CAPS4. There may be men who say there and really be @ NUM3. With all the posting of someone photos you with. Remember to be careful! Finally, people today use the computer to read books instead of going to the library or @ CAPS5 and @ CAPS6 (or any bookstore). I think all of these bookstores are going to go bankrupt because of technology these days. When I was younger and said I was going to read a book, I really read one. I did not read it on the computer. People need to reduce electronics. In the end, I think computers are a real waste of time. There is no reason why people should be on the computer instead of exercising. Everyone should stay away from malicious people online. Can we also start using normal books instead of online ones. I think computers need to stop taking over our world and start being there when we need them.
Dear Diary, Computers today have a negative effect on people. The precious time for daily exercise is reduced, you won't see your family enough, and some of the costs are outrageous! Owning a computer is definitely not a good idea. Is sitting all day your idea of a workout? Having a computer would be very bad for your physical lifestyle. Clicking a mouse and typing moves only your hands, not your whole body. A person who does not use the computer daily or for long periods of time would be healthier than a person who always uses the computer. I remember seeing an ad on @ NUM1 kids and how their life ended later in life just by using the computer as a "tween". Not only will you be in poor health, antisocialism is also likely. Many children, or even adults, spend precious family time playing sims @ NUM2 creating their own ideal family. This, however, is not acceptable. Spending time with your family is precious. When asked about the use of the computer, @ PERSON1 said : "You could easily get hooked with just @ NUM2 spins !" @ CAPS1 you are addicted, you and your family are in pain. They will stop inviting you. You don't want to lose the people who will be there for you, whatever. "@ CAPS2 !" your computer screams. You have another virus. uh oh, this is the removal of your material: all your school essays, important bookmarked websites and sentimental photographs. Do you have any idea how much it would cost even to try and recover that data? Well that would be a lot. I know you are probably thinking “ This couldn't happen to me ”, but in reality ; yes, it can store things on a computer is much riskier than having a hard copy. It will also save you more money. In addition, the devices use electricity @ CAPS1 they are even plugged into a socket! So when you get your electric bill don't be surprised computers can be very expensive which is why it is not worth having one. Computers are just another unnecessary thing in life. It will hurt your overall health, reduce family time, and cost you the same. It is a fact that you can survive without a computer. But without health? Well, you would be dead. I have you to consider my ideas.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, I'm a college student @ ORGANIZATION3 at @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5 @ CAPS6 recently you produced an article on computers where the good or the bad people I'm writing today to say that computers are beneficial to people everywhere. This is true because computers help people with hand eye coordination things to learning progress in our schools, well, it helps people communicate easily, @ CAPS7 please consider the following. First of all, computers greatly aid eye-hand coordination in the long run. This is true because people who play games on computers have become more adept at using their hands and eyes together. @ ORGANIZATION1 ullodhers from @ ORGANIZATION4 @ LOCATION1 "Computers help hand-eye coordination @ PERCENT1 more than putting your son or daughter on the football team" Computer games @ CAPS8 could help kids become more precise with their skills or those of any sport. @ CAPS7, you now know why computers help people develop better hand-eye coordination. Second, computers help people learn new things. Although people may think this is wrong, it is indeed true. @ ORGANIZATION1 a recent study at @ ORGANIZATION2 shows that @ PERCENT2 of @ CAPS6 schools use computers for research. book on him. @ CAPS7, you now understand that the computer is a useful learning test. Finally, the computer is a great way to communicate online. It's better than @ CAPS10 because it's faster and more than calling someone and speaking for them. @ CAPS8 is much cheaper than @ CAPS10 because you just @ NUM1 monthly payment unlike the phone. Where it starts to pile up. Inract @ PERSON1 or @ ORGANIZATION2 from @ LOCATION1 in a recent study that "@ CAPS10 is absolute now, with the internet people can chat at lightning speed." Finally, using email or Facebook is @ CAPS7 much better than Facebook phone etiquette that you know where you can chat with. @ CAPS7, these are my reasons the computer is good at communicating. @ CAPS7 Now you see computers are essential because they develop hand-eye coordination, they @ CAPS8 help people learn and lastly, they are a great way to communicate.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, there has been growing concern among experts that @ MONTH1 computers are having negative effects on society. I don't agree with that. Computers make your life easier, tell you about faraway places and people, and you can finally chat with others. I believe that computers can only benefit a society. As mentioned earlier, computers make life's hassle easier. With computers, you can plan your life with the @ CAPS1 output. This program allows you to enter data about where you need to go and reminds you when the time is up for that event. With this program, you will never forget where you need to go. Moreover, with the computer, you can collect information at extremely high speeds. Suppose you are doing a school research project on types of cars, you just enter cars on @ ORGANIZATION3 and get millions of results. it saves a lot of time going to the booklet and finding a book. It may take up to how. Finally, with a cutter handy, there are programs for people with special needs. New programs like @ ORGANIZATION2 word have a special feature called voice commands. This allows a person who cannot write because of blindness or a disability to tell the computer what to write. In an instant, it will appear on the screen. The computer makes life much easier for people. In addition to living lives, computers tell you about faraway places and people. the images on a computer give a direct glimpse of what a faraway place looks like. Instead of just reading about it, you can see it. According to Time Magazine, if a person sees a place, they'll learn more from @ PERCENT1 than from reading an encyclopedia. In addition to pictures, blogs give people an idea of how a person lives in this place on a daily basis and what they think about it. This is another first hand account of the place. Finally, ebooks on the Internet give you a great deal of information. Electronic books are books but in an Internet format. These books included encyclopedias that give statistics, pores and events that are far from the place. For example, if you are planning a trip, you can learn where to eat and where to be entertained. you can learn about places and people there with computers. Finally, with computers, you can talk to people all over the world. you can talk to friends. Have you ever moved and wanted to tell a friend about where you used to live? Now you can easily do it with video chat. You yourself cannot talk to someone you can see. I remember @ NUM1 years ago when I moved to @ LOCATION1 I lost my friends at @ LOCATION2 so I filmed them. Besides talking to friends, you can have a bussness eating all over the world without having to leave your town. For example, if a company wants to enter into a business deal with another company at @ LOCATION3, they can do so with the click of a mouse. This will save travel time and money. You can also talk to others online to get a feel for what happened. For example @ CAPS2 a few weeks ago a video chatted with many people at @ LOCATION4 to understand that the bad conditions were now after the earthquake. You can talk to people with ease with an available computer. In conclusion, I believe that computers are good for a society. They make life easier, teach people about remote places and the people who live there, and allow people to talk to others. Computers open doors to the world. Computers are a great help to society.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, you think computers are bad for society. It has come to my attention that a lot of people are concerned that computers are not very good in my opinion, I think computers are they help typing skills. Computers are also great for photos and pictures, and they are useful for finding information. First of all, the computer is very useful for typing. Other people not using computers take six years to @ CAPS3 young and old alike skills use very quickly. In fact, @ PERCENT1 of teens can type in minutes which takes @ NUM1 minutes. Computers have a great effect on many people with their typing skills. Computers make it so copier with so much image editing and much more, editing images from an expensive digital @ CAPS2 for free on your computer ? A computer does this for lack of information just to find the computer and find it faster. The computer that you can search for information makes it faster. For example, you need to @ CAPS2 a project on @ CAPS4. Instead of going to the library and spending more on a book on @ CAPS4, you can go to google.com and type @ CAPS4. So much information and so much faster. Get with the computers program. In conclusion, I think computers are a great invention. They make it easier to find information and typing skills. Plus, they make cropping and editing photos a lot easier, please take my suggestions seriously.
Some experts worry that people are spending too much time on their computers and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. I think the opposite anyway. I think of it this way because you @ MONTH1 have to search for something on the computer someday. Some jobs you need to apply by computer. Another thing is that a computer allows you to talk online with other people. The number one reason I think using a computer is good for people is that you @ MONTH1 have to search for something on the computer someday. What I mean by that is you might have to look for a job, you might want to wander away to find a vacation that you can take, or you might have to pay a bill someday. The second reason I think using a computer is a good thing is that some jobs must be applied for by computer. Such as stop and shop, fair price and save a lot. To add to that, it's good for society because if we use paper it kills more trees. The third reason I think using a computer is good is because it allows you to talk online with other people. Therefore, you @ MONTH1 need to contact a family member or even an old friend, meet new people or you might not like talking on the phone, then you prefer to talk by computer. Now I have told you all the reasons why I think using a computer is a good thing. @ MONTH1 need to search something on the computer, some jobs you need to apply for by computer, finally let you talk online with other people. These are good advantages. So I hope you will take my advice into consideration.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS1 is called @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 and I want to tell you why I am a bit against computers, there is a lot of things you can do in the world, visit places and go on boats from cruise. First of all I would like to talk about the things you can do, you can play basketball, handball, hang out with your friends. Also, you take your car and go out for a morning walk feeling the breeze. Then I would like to tell you about the places you can visit, you can visit your friends' house, your girlfriend / boyfriend, your family, do that, stop being lazy, computers do not help you in your life to stop being lazy. Finally, I would like to tell you about the cruise ships you can go far like @ LOCATION2, @ LOCATION3, @ LOCATION1 and many more. It's fun at a cruise ship captains dinner and meeting people from @ ORGANIZATION1 and sites from @ ORGANIZATION1. To conclude, I would say that people should stop being lazy on computers and have fun in the world while it lasts.
Dear local newspaper, I believe, myself, that computers are extremely important to our society today. Computers help people talk to people. Online and stay in touch with family and friends. Second, I think computers are important because they help learning, even online schooling. Finally, computers only serve the entertainment needs of people. Computers are one of the most widely used tools on the planet. Almost all families have one, some people even have more than @ NUM1. Let's face it, there are a lot of people traveling the world just trying to make a decent living for their family. Computers help them stay in touch, whether by sending them emails or even by video conferencing. It makes people happy and always keeps them informed about what their family members or friends are doing. For some people it might reunite the family, somebody looking for, I don't know, maybe their long lost brother, or something like that. Computers keep families together and you might get a little surprise every now and then ! My we should keep computers because we. Finally, computers can be just plain fun ! Maybe you are looking for some funny videos, go ahead and search for " funny videos ", and it will keep you occupied for a while. I know I love downloading music too, so why should other people be? If there's a song that comes to your mind, look for it and I'm sure you'll find what you're looking for. You @ MONTH1 are cooking and need a recipe for something, I'm sure your computer is more than willing to tell you what you want. All right, then, computers are one of the most important tools in this world we live in today. We depend on computers for many things, like keeping in touch with family, helping people learn things, and providing entertainment, to name a few. Computers can help with countless things.
I think you can never spend enough time on the computer, there is no negative effect computers can have on you, they only improve your life which is why. On the one hand, if you need to know an important date or time of fact. You can just search for it on the computer. The internt is an endless source of knowledge and you can learn pretty much everything you need to know just by searching for it on the computer. CAPS2 or those rooms, you can meet new people or talk to a distant friend or relative on the computer and you can even plug in a web camera and actually see them while they're talking to you something a phone doesn't. can not do. The computer is also a good source of entertainment. You can play a number of games on the Internet. You can even download consal games to your computer. Another thing you can do is watch full episodes of @ CAPS3 shows and movies, like you stumble upon a TV and miss an episode, you can just search for it. And one of my favorites is youtube. Whether you are watching random videos, watching famous youtube stars on your own videos, it's always fun. And finally, all the programs on the computer, there are endless programs that you can download, they can be fun like paint and flash or they can be important like worn books or knots. Every program offered by the computer is useful and fun to use, and you can use most of these programs to help you in the real world. Now, I have mentioned some of the many reasons why you can never spend enough time on the computer and nator can be helpful, but you can only do the things I just mentioned while taking a walk with nator, so don't you agree that computers improve our life more then they are unhealthy.
Some experts worry that people are using computers, not enjoying nature, and not going out. In my opinion, people should be using computers, but not a lot. It's @ CAPS1 to use the computer to chat with friends, search for stuff you haven't seen before. I say this because some people get addicted to computer games or talk to their friends all day. The next reason is to go outside, you can enjoy more things like sports, tag and other activities. Instead of talking to a friend on the computer, go to the park and talk to them or invite them over to your house. Another reason exporting is fair about people and computers is to learn about nature and learn how to do things. I hope you found my speech to be good and that you are continuing to read. My number one reason is that people get addicted to computer games and other computer features. The reason I say this is because some people get addicted to the computer it's @ CAPS1 to go there awhile but not too much. It is better to go outside, you look fresh, the weather is nice and cold. If you have a dog, you should go for a walk or take a walk with your friends. My next reason is to go out and play sports or run around playing tag. Instead of using, you can go to the park to play basketball or baseball. There are so many fun things you can do outside. You should go to your school and try whatever sport you are good at. This way when you are bored there is always something to do, instead of being home all day. The last reason I prefer nature to computers is to learn how to do something. It's better to learn things in real life than on the computer. Your dad can teach you how to glue bricks together to make a fireplace, or how to use a lawn mower to cut other people's backyards to earn money.
Dear editor, I have heard that you are seeking the opinions of your citizens on whether computers are bad or good. @ CAPS1's opinion is that computers are bad. I think computers are bad in three ways and I want to express them to you and hopefully persuade you to go to the @ CAPS1 side. It smells good in the daytime. I can smell the flowers, the grass and many more, @ CAPS1 The number one reason computers are bad is that if you use the computer too much, you can't get enough of nature. Nature is beautiful, it has @ CAPS2, green grass, rainbows (sometimes). You can walk the moons and just be yourself and be alone. In other words, nature is very beautiful and you have to get in there and enjoy it. If you don't like nature then maybe it is not late because soon it rains and then yes fems have stunning colors but what comes after fall winter. Winter is not beautiful, it is cold. You are working because you have to shovel the driveway and your car and it can get very tiring. The gaffe is that you can get these chorse. Oh not that obliges me. @ CAPS1 next reason computers are bad. When was a good run to smile. @ CAPS1 The next reason I think computers are bad is to spend all the work and no time exercising. Exercising is a great fun thing to do, it feels like you're going outside. Hang out with friends, any shore. One of the main ways to stay healthy is exercise. you can't really get unhealthy, and sick and he dies, die i have a friend who is useless. His body's computer keeps getting weaker and weaker, so exercise is the main part of staying healthy. there are many ways to get back in shape: cycling, running, walking, rog canate, climbing a mountain, etc. the car is going fast, tell your friend, "yo sup man", "not, you" "not much, just getting some exercise" "same here, even here" you never know who you can meet in the park now it was @ Friend of CAPS1. it's still here, as you might think, yes in the same park. I wouldn't have met him if I was crazy on the computer. Like I said, who was @ CAPS1's friend. But since I come here everyday, maybe I can meet a new friend every day. So @ CAPS1 last reason I think the computer is bad is because you don't have enough time to interact with your friends and family. I love the @ CAPS1 family but I interact with them. If they're exercising, who if I'm here on the computer. nobody can. In conclusion, I think the computer is bad because you can't have enough time to exercise, enjoy nature, and hang out @ CAPS3 with your family and friends.
Dear local @ CAPS1, I think computers are good for people. My first reason is that the kids might have to write an easy one for school. My second reason is that the child may have to look for important things. My third reason is that kids can get e-mail. My first reason is that the kids might have to write an easy one for school. Teachers mainly try to get children to type easily. When children write simple texts, they need to get information about what they are looking for. My second reason is that children might have to watch important things. They @ MONTH1 have to complete an online alpaction as the kids grow up, they want to find the schools they @ MONTH1 want to go to. High school kids look for collages to come in when they're like @ NUM1 or @ NUM2. My third reason is that kids can get e-mail. When kids check their emails, they're probably trying to see if their parents wrote them down. Additionally, some children do not live near their families, so they email each other online. My first reason is that the kids might have to write an easy one for school. My second reason is that children might have to research important things. My third reason is that the kids might get an email. Now I hope you like the reasons I wrote down as to why computers are good to have.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 a local college tech student is used to the max. Computers have helped us write essays more efficiently and complete research. However, personally I think this constant use of computers is having a negative impact on people. First, computers hinder people-to-people connections. @ CAPS4, @ ORGANIZATION1 help keep in touch with old college buddies, but no computer can replace face-to-face communication. From a hard and cold text, one cannot decipher the subtle connotations or the spirit. Bot, people are starting to replace seeing each other with @ CAPS3 networking. With the technological revolution came games like @ ORGANIZATION2. These games are addicting, @ CAPS4, our company laughs at "nerds" for spending too much time playing these trivial games, but it really is a serious problem. For example, in a recent study by students at @ ORGANIZATION3, "@ NUM1 teens on @ NUM2 who play computer games do not get the recommended amount of exercise per day." It's because these games are so absorbing. Time spent playing. Ultimately consumes all free time. This is dangerous, because gambling addiction can lead to delusion, @ CAPS3 inadequacy, obesity. @ CAPS2 a people, we are quickly learning that what was once so great is actually dangerous. If someone were to stare at a backlit screen for hours on end, their eyesight would definitely start to deteriorate. Vision loss is just one of the negative impacts of computers on our health. @ CAPS2 above, obesity is a problem. Now combine that with poor eyesight, @ CAPS5 @ CAPS6 impairment, and a negative outlook and you have a problem. All the illnesses caused by computers can simply be in less time on the computer and exercises. Naturally, @ CAPS2 a species that we should not spend so much time in a fixed position. This static state is a new phenomenon which poses major health problems. Overuse of computers robs us of our time, destroys our health, and hinders our interactions @ CAPS3. This makes computers a negative influence on people and their health.
I think computers have a positive effect on people. Computers are very important to society. You can still interact with your family and friends in the chat @ CAPS1 or @ CAPS2. The computer is also useful for applying to @ CAPS3 as you can search for @ CAPS3 you like. You can make excises @ CAPS5 and useful for testing @ CAPS5. If you have a laptop you can take it anywhere you want, you don't have to connect anything wirelessly, and you can connect to the @ CAPS6. You can search for items on the @ CAPS6 for your homework and other items. Buy things without having to go to the store. These are the reasons why computers have a positive effect on people.
Dear @ CAPS1, computers have been of incredible help to many people as they advance in their knowledge. But, a lot of people don't think about the negative effects of computers. Computers make research easier to find, and they organize data quickly and well. Computers make communication easier, but there are many negative and positive effects. Chat rooms on computers are a great way to communicate quickly, but they can also be dangerous. More and more children are spending time on computers, rather than exercising outside and communicating with friends and family. Chat rooms are commonly used by children and adults alike. Children use them to talk with friends, make plans, and catch up with parents. But kids aren't the only ones using discussion forums. Adults use them too. Some for good, some for bad. Adults sometimes have cats for their work to talk to their co-workers. They can easily communicate what has been done and what needs to be done in the office, such as what invoices have been paid. It's a good way for workers to find out what's going on outside of the office. There are many other useful benefits of computers. Some other advantages of computers are the computing functions. Computers are good at finding information quickly. Computers are useful for finding information for school projects. Computers can also take this information and organize it on graphics and computer programs such as Microsoft Powerpoint. The other advantages of computers are that they can teach hand-eye coordination. Typing can help the majority with this. Typing is another plus as well. If people don't have a great writing skills, they can use a computer to type in essays, homework, and school projects. This makes reading the homework easier for the student as well as the teacher. Computing has many advantages, but there are also disadvantages. More and more children are spending their free time on the computer, instead of exercising outside. It makes children less active. Being in a chat room all day is also a downside. Children today are using a new language in discussion forums as well as in text messages. They use abbreviations for words and phrases, like "idk" for "I don't know". This language damages the way children read and write. While computer chatrooms can be useful, they can also be dangerous. Children and adults alike enter chat rooms and talk to other people, saying invalid information about themselves. Like age. Some adults go to chat rooms and pretend to be teenagers. They talk to children until they find something like an address, phone number, school, and district. Once they have obtained such information, they can find out a lot more about children. it is extremely dangerous and unfortunately it is, and it has happened. As you can see, there are many pros and cons. I believe if people can find a balance among themselves, people will agree more with computers. In my opinion, computers are convenient, but dangerous. If children are more careful online and spend more time outdoors than on the computer, there would be less controversy. Parents would be less concerned about the safety and health of their children if children only used computers for homework and knew who they were talking to online. Also, what the kids are saying in the profiles. If all of that happened, there would be a balance, and I think people would be less drastically over a period of time, and people would be more comfortable.
Computers are incredible technology for life. It's amazing because the computer helps a lot of people and jobs. The people he helps are children in school looking for an area they need to find for a question on a worksheet. Also the jobs he helps us with the police, @ CAPS1.WAT and the @ ORGANIZATION1. This helps the police and @ CAPS1.WAT find where people are and where they will be. The @ ORGANIZATION1 uses computers to locate where they are going to attack or defend. without the computers we would not have found @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4. The bad thing about computers is hackers and the people who stick to their computers. They are obsessed with the computer and they are so obsessed that they sleep with the computer. That '@ CAPS1 is the parents' fault. These are the only flaws in computers. They make people fat and lazy because they only want to be on the computer. The computer is also a great way to reconnect with family and friends in years when you haven't seen them. The computer controls a lot of things like nuclear bomb, security, secret files, satellites, all @ CAPS5.A. @ CAPS1.A. and more. They control life for the most part. People shouldn't worry about kids sitting next to a computer all day because it's the fault of "@ CAPS1 the person" @ CAPS1, they ruined their lives and the parents' fault " @ CAPS1 for not controlling their child by staying away from the computer or parents not signing them up for any sport. It ruins their life by having no friends at school and all they do. do is go straight to the computer. It's @ CAPS1 a shame on the dad who was the cool kid, made fun of nerds and fight every month. Then dad looks at his son and is realizes his son is a nerd and lives near a computer, then the dad tries to help the son and practice a little. Then the dad keep trying, it's good parenting to try to do things right when the child starts going straight to the computer. Not the other parents who let their son / daughter use only the computer. These are my opi deny good ideas and bad ideas on computers.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, computers have a positive impact on people. Although people are not active outdoors, computers still benefit in a good way. Computers teach hand-eye coordination, are responsive, and you can interact with different types of people online. Of course, computers teach hand-eye coordination. There are many websites on the Internet that teach children to type. Typing helps children learn the alphabet, know what letters look like and show them where the keys are. In addition, there are other sites where the computer interacts with you. Finally, there are a lot of kids, even adults, who have difex issues and scramble their letters, but there is software where when you type it will say which letter you type. Therefore, the computer teaches eye-hand coordination. Have you ever been one of those students who wrote homework but got bad grades because their handwriting was messy? Using a computer is more convenient and will make your assignment as neat as ever. First of all, the computer is convenient because you have the answer to any question just by clicking on the button. Then there is no need to spend money and go buy a book to search for research, just search online for free. Finally, it's convenient for teachers and your staff, because if you need to send a document, do so by email. Getting a paper by email is much easier than receiving it in pen with samples. The computer is convenient in many ways. Computers allow people @ NUM1 to video chat and talk online. First, there are many families with at least one member living in a different place. The computer allows families to see each other online. Without ever leaving their state. Then there are other families who have a mom, dad, husband or wife in the military who haven't seen each other in person for years, but see each other online. Finally, many students and teachers teach and learn online. It's easy for most people with busy lives. So you can interact online. As you can see, computers have a positive effect. They teach hand-eye coordination. They provide online chat and are very convenient. So the next time you go to the library to find a book, stay home and do the same online.
I think having computers in a household is a good idea. They can play games, learn, talk, and more. Here are my three reasons why having a computer is a good thing. Having a computer is good for playing games! There are so many varieties to choose from. There are card games, board games, and even @ NUM1 games! You can play solo, but it can be more fun and easier to bring friends with you. As you can see having a computer can be fun, but it's not the only thing to do on a computer. Using a computer to learn is also wonderful. The computer can take you to places you have never seen, heard or visited before, or maybe a place you couldn't afford to go. You @ MONTH1 learn that in one place it is sunny all the time and in other places it is not. Another thing the computer can teach you is about animals. The animals have been there for us. There is still a lot that we don't know about them. Many scientists have spent their lives studying animals and put them on the Internet for you to learn more about. The computer can also teach you the hand-eye. Hands-on eyes are great if you're trying out a sport like soccer, baseball, and basketball. Plus, you never know when you'll need to grab something. My last reason is also very helpful. Being able to talk on the computer is good for using voice chat or instant messaging is your choice. By talking on the computer, you might make new friends who share the same interests and hobbies as you. And you can chat with them as long as they're online. In addition, while you are speaking, you can express your ideas and feelings. Sometimes you might just need to let off steam. Or maybe post an idea that may one day become famous. As you can see in the games, learning and speaking is easier to do on the computer. That's why I think.
Dear editor, computers are good for people because they really help them with their work, home work, and other things.
Dear Local Newspaper, Do you spend all your precious time on a computer ? On the computer, you are probably wasting every second searching or playing games. You shouldn't be spending a lot of time on the computer, it will just brainwash you. You shouldn't be using computers for a long time, as you should instead be exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with people. First of all, spending too much time on the computer is not good for you because you should be exercising. On computers, you cannot increase the fat you gain from eating. By jogging instead of going on the computer, you can lose weight and see the real world as the world behind the computer screen. Nonetheless, computers are fun like playing addicting games. but isn't it better to practice a real sport like football? In soccer you have to use your mind and a lot so it is much better than sitting or being dizzy in front of a computer screen for a long period of time. You don't like to play outdoor games ! Like playing cat or hiding, isn't it more fun than playing an addicting game on the computer screen? For me I think so. It is for this reason that I think you should exercise and then look at the computer screen. Second, you shouldn't be on the computer for a long time, as you should be enjoying nature instead. Nature is beautiful and refreshing unlike a computer. Yes, I know computers offer a lot, but do they offer the cool air to the outdoors, the warm earthly breeze of the animals living on the earth. I don't think so and neither can you. Instead of going to your computer when it's not raining you should play with your pets and if you don't have one put on a waterproof umbrella and go outside. Especially at @ DATE1 you should be outside enjoying nature, swimming, or bringing your annoying little siblings to the park. It is more often used than going on the computer. Most importantly, you shouldn't be going on the computer because you're better off. Interact with living people in person. On the computer talking to people, you are not going anywhere on the computer chatting with people, it is impossible to read someone's expression. So get off the computer and hang out with your family and friends. Get into a fun conversation or debate. Make new friends when you're at the mall or discovering a new trail in a park. Do something other than interact on the computer when you only see typed words being returned to you. Step out into the world, interact not only with people, but with the world, not with the computer screen. In conclusion, you shouldn't be spending most of your precious time on the computer. It is not necessary for you to spend all of your time on the computer when you could be exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with people. I firmly believe that people should be outdoors rather than at a computer. So what are you waiting for get out of that computer and take a hike !
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4, The average teenager spends @ NUM1 hours on a computer a day ! People spend too much time on their computers. They don't exercise as much these days. Plus, they don't take advantage of all the wonderful nature it has to offer. Most importantly, people who spend too much time on the computer don't see their family and friends. These are the reasons why people shouldn't spend so much time on a computer. Since people are spending too much time on the computer, less and less exercise. A recent poll shows that @ NUM2 in every @ NUM3 @ CAPS5 is overweight. If our modern society didn't have so many distractions like computers that maybe people would be bored and maybe be outside. Back in @ DATE5, only @ PERCENT2 of the @ CAPS6 population was obese. So why in @ DATE6 has this number skyrocketed to @ PERCENT1 ? Back then, electronics weren't popular, so for fun, kids regularly played outside. Now, it's rare for a kid to be motivated to let go of the mouse and go play kickball with neighborhood friends. Children prefer to sit inside an air-conditioned hoose who go out and have a healthy fun and sweat. Computers prevent people from exercising, so their effect on people is negative. With computers being so popular, people are less involved in nature. Our society doesn't take the time to notice the cool breeze on a @ DATE4 @ TIME1, or the waves crashing on a warm @ DATE3 @ TIME1. They don't take the time to appreciate how beautiful the foliage is at @ DATE2, or now it feels like snow covered in cold weather @ DATE1 @ TIME1. People prefer to sit in front of a computer for @ NUM4 hours to do our world wonders. People do not respect the natural beauties that nature has to offer. Computers keep people away who enjoy the joy of nature. Computers manage people's relationships with family and friends. @ NUM5 years old @ CAPS7 would rather talk to his girlfriend on the computer than hang out with this @ CAPS8. Children do not organize their priorities enough. As it stands, adding a computer to the mix only makes things worse. People have accounts on social networking sites like Facebook and sometimes they are very filled with drama and cause trouble. Friendships are easily ruined and the cause is usually some sort of misunderstanding. It is very sad but true that children would rather watch goofy videos than visit a grandparent. Computers are bad for people because they ruin their relationships with friends and family. People should spend less time on the computer. Computers are a major contributor to the dramatic increase in obesity rates. Children need to get healthy before it's too late! In addition, people of all ages should be aware of the natural beauty of nature, but computers are against it. Most importantly, computers ruin many relationships with friends and family. The cause of stress and unnecessary drama. As you can see, the computer has a negative effect on people.
When you were a kid, did your parents let you play all day on the computer? Well my parents won't let me and I think that's not fair. I think it's not fair because being on the computer has a lot of benefits, like teaching you hand-eye coordination. Another advantage is that when you are on the computer, you can chat with people through webcams. Plus, with a computer, you can do homework for something that requires you to do research. And of course when you are on a computer you can watch your favorite movie or TV show like @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 or @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4. Are these not great advantages ? As an adult, @ CAPS5 is pretty sure that you enjoy doing a lot of things in the comfort of your own home, well when you have a computer you can. One way to keep in touch is to chat online like via webcam or my favorite @ CAPS6 which stands for instant messaging aol. Surprisingly, another thing you can do is work online by setting it up at work or telling your boss how to do it. By the way, you're an adult who didn't go to college when you had @ NUM1 because you had to do a good job. If you have a computer or a laptop, you can go to school online and the best thing is that you will be in your warm bed without any worries. Don't you think this is a good way to spend your @ DATE1 @ TIME1 ? When you're a kid my age with a computer all you want to do is play games online with friends. Well that's what kids have to do these days, but our parents don't let us play too much. The only time they let us stay long is when we maybe do a school project. But when you're a kid, besides playing games all day long, we also want to learn more about things like @ LOCATION1 or the @ CAPS7 @ CAPS8 that's what you are. Most people would agree that when you have a computer you can just book a hotel online and walk to the hotel. Of course, what my parents do, every time they are on vacation they look at everything online like the hotel, the and the. yes having a computer is useful. Another thing you can do is watch movies online when you are on a plane going on vacation, as I do with my laptop. But what I love most is watching shows because every time I watch different episodes of @ CAPS9 @ PERSON1, the time flies so fast that a flight of @ NUM2 hours only seems @ NUM3 hours. Finally, I explained to you why having a computer is a good thing. One of the reasons is that you can do a lot of things on the computer itself. A second reason is that you can do a lot of schoolwork with it, like doing a research paper or going to school online. And my last reason was you can book things online without going anywhere wasting gas. So now it's your turn to decide whether having a computer is a good thing or a bad thing.
Dear local newspaper @ CAPS1 I think children should be allowed to use computers here. So they can talk to the relics on the other side. The @ CAPS5 @ CAPS2 they want. I have family members at @ LOCATION1. I talk to them everyday because I have a laptop and they say that. I have relics at @ LOCATION3 I believe them because I have an email there. They told me about my mom living at @ LOCATION2. So I asked her, she said yes it's true and I looked up to where my mom lived. Through the computer, I also learned that @ LOCATION3 has one of the @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 in The @ CAPS5. So I asked my mom @ CAPS2 that I could go to @ LOCATION3, she said yes. So I went with my sister and we even visited some family members and dot @ CAPS6, I can tell you that was exactly what it looked like. I pecked very high covered with trees. Birds @ CAPS7, scwerwels climbing trees, what surprised me most was that there was a house on top of the mountain. For sale I would have liked my mom to be theirs because she will love it. So every time we go down there, we rent that house out using the computers. Finally, you can even search for people on the internet. I have a herd that almost died. So when I got home I went to my laptop and looked at what I did and it didn't say anything about. That, but he said one thing that surprised me. Plus, he said he was getting a divorce. Of his wife, I think the peorson said how. That he almost died, most misfires have read it. So now I'm looking for all my fraverit people. Thanks to computers, now is the time to accept @ CAPS2 that people should have computers to use to learn about @ CAPS5 or just think of what everyone else is saying. So I hope you are having a good chick. But before you choose, think about it.
Dear, @ ORGANIZATION1 the big black or white rectangular shaped box with lights and beeps, the computer was a smart idea ! But why do you ask? I will show you. This device can teach you new language, skype can let you talk to @ CAPS1 on web or phone !, (but you still need to pay @ MONEY1.) You can surf web or laugh on youtube, who needs to go out and buy stuff when on ebay or amazon, just order and it's done, (but you still have to wait.) why go to the blockbuster to rent movies when you can go to netflix and order a movie and the keep as long as you like, no late fees, no driving to the movie store, more of that please !. Then back to the web, @ CAPS2 you have an @ CAPS3 or built-in camera on your laptop or netbook, you can video chat with @ CAPS1 and your family around the world !, @ CAPS2 you are the kind of person who like video games so boy you will love this !, @ CAPS5 ~~ @ CAPS6 can download games like sim's, spore etc. then you will love the @ CAPS6. MACs also share great things like Finder, Safari, Dashboard, etc. So that's all I have to say about @ CAPS8. And now you are probably asking which computer should I get ?, @ CAPS9 @ CAPS12 friend to @ ORGANIZATION1 @ ORGANIZATION1 you have the option to choose @ CAPS8 or @ CAPS6, but it's not @ CAPS12 disision to choose your computer, it's yours so go out there and create an investment for a computer today !. but i have not finished yet, you can also choose laptop, desktop or netbook. having a lot of business trips, it's a good idea to have a laptop handy. a desktop is good @ CAPS2 your home and work are online on the web or just like the comfort of home a desktop is for you !, and lastly, the netbook is good @ CAPS2 you are on the move a lot especially when you are on vacation, and it fits nicely in your lap or on a table or @ CAPS2, you don't want to get up to use the computer, just grab your netbook and you are ready to go. I almost forgot that all netbooks come with a built-in @ CAPS3 so @ CAPS2 you're on vacation and you don't have a phone or computer, just go to your netbook and go. well that's all i have to say thanks for reading
Dear newspaper editors, I believe that different websites have different effects on people. For the review, @ ORGANIZATION1 has news of what's going on in the world. Other websites that all have different types of games might be bad for some people as some of the games don't vary rightly. Most educational websites are designed to help people learn. A person can learn so much with a computer. You can buy and sell a ride you own and get multiple rides on one website. A computer can be used for many different criminals.
Computers are one of the best advancements in technology ever. Not only are computers fun, but they are also very beneficial to society. First of all, computers are a great way to communicate with other people, whether it's instant messaging, email, video messaging, or services like @ ORGANIZATION1. @ DATE1, computers offer many learning possibilities. There are thousands of websites with information on your research, from simple things like baking cookies to even more complex research like the number of stars in the sky. Last but not the least, computers simply make your life easier by helping you meet your daily needs. For starters, computers are a great source of communication. I remember a time when my dad would go to @ LOCATION1 on business. Because it costs so much money to pay for international mobile phone service, my dad couldn't call with his cell phone. Instead, my dad called using @ ORGANIZATION1. It was great because it was just on the computer. In addition to facilitating live communication, computers also help communicate news, a few weeks ago the house was out. It was to shout @ DATE1, so my family had no way of doing it. From our cable company, we were able to search. School was indeed our computer, we were the world. In addition, computers offer more opportunities for learning. As well as being a great source of communication, computers are great for research and research. For almost all of my homework that required research, I used a computer. Sometimes you can even find library book articles online. Some people say the library is always the best place to find information, but I disagree. More than half the time the internet has enough information for what I need. Studies show that @ NUM1 people on @ NUM2 say that computers answered their question better than any library book. Plus, computers make life a whole lot easier. Computers make life so much easier. From typing and research to communication and even travel planning, computers help make day-to-day tasks much easier. When my cousin was in high school, she was assigned a @ NUM3 word essay for her homework. First of all, it's painful to have to count all the words and also, more importantly, it's not fun to have to write so much, so my cousin decides to just type it. It saves time and it's much cleaner. She finished her typed essay in @ NUM4 hours while her loving friend finished in @ NUM4 @ NUM4 / 2 hours because she wrote it by hand. It's you on the computers are esier. In conclusion, computers are beneficial because they are a great source of communication, they offer a lot of learning possibilities and they make life so much easier. Thanks for reading, and I hope I have convinced you to agree with my position that computers are one of the best technological advancements ever made and why they are so beneficial to society.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, I agree that computers have a positive effect on people. I agree, because being on the computer teaches you hand-eye coordination, helps people discover faraway places and people, and lets people talk to other people. Being on the computer helps teach people hand-eye coordination. Thus, the computer assists in hand-eye coordination using the mouse and keyboard. For example, when using a computer, you don't need to watch your hands while using the mouse. It helps with eye-hand coordination because you can see where your hand is without looking. Another example is the keyboard, because by learning where all the keys are located, you memorize them. So soon you can type without looking. The computer also helps you learn. When you go to the computer, people go to the Internet. On the Internet, people can find information about distant places or people. So, because the computer has different links and websites, it helps children and adults all over the world to get information quickly. Without the computer everyone would have to go to a library, but what if they didn't have the right information? Then you would need to trace all over the place to find a book. That's why a computer is handy. In addition, the computer allows people to stay in touch with others further away. An example of this is that there are chat rooms or groups that people can join. So, if a relative or friend is more distant than one more or if they are in the street, the discussion forums facilitate the conversation. Also, thanks to these discussion boards and groups, a lot of people are happy knowing that they can still talk with an old friend or relative instead of losing them never seeing or talking to them. This is just another example of why the computer has a positive effect. So, with the computer examples helping to teach hand-eye coordination, it is easier to get information and the many reasons and examples of the computer having a positive effect.
Dear Local Newspaper, Computers don't stop you from exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with friends and family. Your family can set time limits on the computer if they think yours. Spending too much time on it. If you have time limits, people will have a certain time when they come and go from the computer. For example a child is on computer @ NUM1 and you cannot remove it, time limits will stop this. The kid is on a game and if the time limits are turned on, when your time is up, the computer will automatically log off. That way your child won't be able to come back until the next time. The computer can do a lot of things, you can play online games and chat with friends. Chat will allow you to talk to your friends through the computer and you won't need to call them. Online games will still let you talk to your friends, but you can have an avatar that you can dress up in and be creative with. For example, an online game can allow you to chat and make friends,
@ CAPS1. The computer is a wonderful thing! However, the effects it has on people can be bad. Think of it this way, it has magnetic forces that pull people in and keep them @ CAPS3 for hours. These magnetic forces prevent people from exercising, prevent them from spending time with family and friends, and most importantly, if they are not careful, they can put themselves in cyber danger. I spoke with @ CAPS2 from @ PERSON2 and he told me that @ CAPS3 are so many people on their computers, people are not exercising enough ! "@ CAPS4 people are not exercising enough , their body grows and becomes obese. This happens a lot to average people. The @ CAPS2 and I thought of some good ideas while I was @ CAPS3 and we think that for a week at @ DATE1 we are going to live without Electricity! Computers are very useful, they help disseminate important information quickly. and facilitate conversation with your friends and family. Even if you talk to them, you don't learn any new social skills. Typing on the computer is great. different from speaking in person. Usually you type "u" instead of "you" or "r" instead of "are". Talking on the computer is great ! " said @ PERSON1, "But seeing my family and talking to them is much better." @ CAPS6, @ CAPS7, @ CAPS8, and many other tourist websites can put you in cyber danger! The cyber danger is @ CAPS4, you are having trouble on the computer. It can happen @ CAPS4 you put bad pictures of yourself or other people, @ CAPS4 you talk to someone you have never met before, or you say something really mean to that girl you do not like. These situations can all put you in a very difficult situation. Even if you have a webpage and put it in private, @ CAPS3 is still a way to enter. @ CAPS3 is also known as cyberbullying. Cyberbullying is @ CAPS4, you are being bullied or bullying another person through the computer. Don't think that no one will know that @ CAPS3 are covers stalking ways between people. I really hope you all take this @ CAPS4 into consideration you are thinking about sitting in front of your computer ! Go out, spend time with your family and friends and watch out for cyber danger ! "@ NUM1" goodbye ! "
Many people would disagree that computers benefit people. But I think computers are extremely useful because they're a good way to learn, they're fun to use, and it's also a good way to talk to old friends. I know there are people who use computers a lot more than they should, but computers are still very useful. Computers are a great way to learn because on a computer you can easily tell what @ CAPS1 is @ LOCATION1. But if you weren't using a computer and went to a library, it could take hours to find the right one and find out what was in the book. You can also find out about the news faster without writing to get it broadcast on the news channel. Computers are much better than having to go to a library because with a few clicks you can find what you want and do it. Computers are also fun because you can play little internet games that could easily take @ NUM1 extra minutes than you might have on a break from work or before school. And even some games exercise your mind like solitaire, it's fun but difficult. But there are some games that people tend to overdo because they get addicted. But most people have never prayed to a game like this or only play it once in a while. Finally, computers are a good way to keep in touch with old friends because there are many ways to talk to people online, for example if when you were in high school your best friends moved out you should still talk. to people on a chat room. you can send SMS. or a video chat where you see them face to face. In conclusion, I think computers are useful because you can learn, play, and talk to people. Computers are the best anywhere useful.
Dear @ CAPS1 local @ CAPS2, I think computers have a positive effect on people. @ CAPS6 do you think there is something positive about people? Well i will give you @ NUM1 reasons why you should say "@ CAPS8" @ NUM2) teach hand eye coordination @ NUM3) to learn and put your @ CAPS3 online @ NUM1) you can talk to people of the whole world. These are @ CAPS1 @ NUM1 reasons. @ CAPS1 The first reason is hand-eye coordination. If you have hand-eye coordination you can @ CAPS6 anything. It can help you find a job and even play a sport you love. It is important to have eye-hand coordination because at @ DATE1, everything is done by computer and cell phones. This is the first reason for @ CAPS1. @ CAPS1 second reason, how the computer can teach people. The Internet is full of websites explaining how to get your @ CAPS3 online. And you can take courses online. There is a dropout rate of @ PERCENT1 and @ PERCENT2 of these kids don't have @ CAPS3, so they go online to take their classes. The computer can really help you. This is the second reason for @ CAPS1. Finally, people go online in chat rooms to chat and meet new people. Meeting new people is great for @ CAPS6. You can find out where and how the person lives. Chat rooms are cool. You can go online and talk to your friends without wasting your phone minutes. The computer can help in several ways. @ CAPS1 last reason. OK, I'm done but @ CAPS6 do you remember the question I asked you? (@ CAPS6 you computers are a positive effect on people?) @ CAPS7 @ CAPS6 you think? Hope you say "@ CAPS8, this is a positive". But anyway, those are @ CAPS1 @ NUM1 reasons why. PS Hope you will buy a computer after reading this !!
Dear @ LOCATION1, @ CAPS1 everyone knows that the technology is more and more advanced every day. This is a good thing and it might help people who are facing everyday issues like @ CAPS19, getting a problem answered and @ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS2 working. The more advanced computers get, the more advanced people are. For starters, computers can help people communicate, just imagine someone on the other side of the world. you can use websites like @ CAPS3 and email to communicate quickly by typing. I @ CAPS4 like @ ORGANIZATION2 can quickly send live videos to you all over the world. Without these technologies, we would never see each other's faces and we would only use phones. with the @ CAPS5 book, you can also @ CAPS6 @ CAPS7 like never before. Have you ever been in the situation where you can '@ CAPS15 @ CAPS6 @ CAPS7 ? Well I have @ CAPS7 which can be easily downloaded in a matter of minutes. Previously @ CAPS10 was traveling very slowly, @ CAPS8 we can only find out a few minutes after this happened, thanks to computers. Computers can relay information at practically lightning speed. It is also much easier to find the @ CAPS10. All you need to do is @ CAPS9 the mouse a few @ CAPS18 and you find yourself the biggest @ CAPS10 resivior ever. Their is international @ CAPS10, @ CAPS11 @ CAPS10, and so much more in the palm of your hand. @ CAPS10 also travels @ CAPS12 on the internet then on @ CAPS10 @ CAPS14 or @ CAPS15.V. They are also online @ CAPS10 @ CAPS14 such as @ CAPS16 @ CAPS17 @ CAPS18 and magazines like Time. Have you ever felt sick and didn't @ CAPS15 want to leave your house ? Well how you ran, do all your @ CAPS19 online. It's no longer about going to a store to buy furniture or clothes, you can just log into a computer and have almost any store at your fingertips. Buy a whole @ CAPS16 @ CAPS20, a @ CAPS16 sofa and even your groceries in just ten minutes. You can even buy houses or cars online. @ CAPS19 on the internet has truly changed the world in more ways than anyone could have thought fifteen years ago. For @ CAPS21, computers have made life easier for almost everyone who has them. @ CAPS1 Computers are getting smarter, maybe they can also do amazing things like work for us and automatically buy something for us if we run out of @ CAPS22. The @ CAPS23 are endless.
Dear local newspaper, I have heard too much about this problem with people on their computers. In my opinion, I think people shouldn't spend so much time on the computer for several reasons. There are reasons I think people should spend less time on the internet and more outdoors. One of the reasons I think people should spend less time on the computer and more time outdoors is so that they can exercise more. When you exercise, you can lose weight. You can also feel lighter and better in your skin, you will be more active. Another reason why you should spend more time outdoors than on the computer is that if you don't you will get very, very, very lazy. If you don't go out to play or exercise, you will tire. Also, you will get cranky and want to do what your parents tell you to do because your mind will be on your computer screen like that. My last, but not the least, reason why we should spend more time outdoors than indoors on the computer is because we may miss out on the family fun that is happening. past. Since people are so much on the computer, they miss out on parties and social events. They @ MONTHS1 also miss family dinners and movie nights. If you don't want to miss out on the fun, I suggest you take more cuclasses and stop being a lazy couch potato. As you can see there are many reasons why we should spend more time outdoors doing activities such as biking, going out to eat, or even a nice heart walk while walking the dog. . I really hope my opinions mean something to you. And I also hope you agree with me. Thank you for your time.
@ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS1 not advancing in technology ? "Asks four-year-old @ PERSON2. There are countless reasons people spend way too much time on technology we already have, like the computer. @ CAPS9 to waste time on this device, people don't exercise, enjoy nature, and spend quality time with friends and family.When you are on the computer for an hour, how many calories do you think you burn ? According to a study done at @ ORGANIZATION2, one of the best universities in the world, you burn only @ NUM1 calories. To maintain a healthy weight, you must burn at least @ NUM1,000 calories per day ! The average @ LOCATION2 citizen, @ LOCATION1 spends @ NUM3 hours on the computer so it's @ NUM4 calories. Even though they were doing aerobic exercise for the rest of the day, they couldn't burn enough calories @ CAPS9, you can only burn @ NUM5 calories per hour at class average aerobics. If people cannot maintain a healthy weight they have become obese, if they are obese they can have heart attacks, and if they have a heart attack they could die! @ PERCENT2 of the obese population of @ LOCATION4 dies of a heart attack. Without a doubt, computers are like poison, if you use them you will get sick - but if you use too much you will die. Imagine - birds chirping in the trees, deer sipping water from a beautiful cold pond. In the distance, a fox playfully pursues a butterfly. If you are in @ PERCENT2 from @ CAPS2 who have actually seen something like this with your own eyes, you are in luck. "@ CAPS3 comrade @ CAPS2, I painfully state this fact. The rainforest of @ LOCATION3 is being cut down as we speak. It's @ CAPS9 the @ CAPS5 never go out and don't feel the fresh air and see how beautiful the rainforest is. We have to stop them! " pleads former @ CAPS6 @ PERSON3 in an internationally televised speech. Too bad that only @ NUM6 on each @ NUM7 @ CAPS2 can relate to the child's message. @ PERCENT3 from @ CAPS2 have never been out in the wild. @ CAPS9, people say who cares about nature and the rainforest ? "@ CAPS9 of this the rainforest is mercilessly destroyed and animals lose their homes. When a swimming pool was given to @ PERCENT3 of people who never go out to enjoy nature @ PERCENT1 of them replied that c 'was @ CAPS9 they are too busy spending time on the computer. The computer is a monster - it is killing our planet. " Love @ CAPS3 mom. I @ CAPS10 every day before dinner, ”says eight-year-old @ PERSON1 sadly. Using computers kills the time that could be spent with loved ones, even if you communicate with them on the computer. A @ NUM5 year old cancer patient, @ ORGANIZATION3 was on his deathbed what he wished he could change in his life, he replied, "I wish I didn't use computers as much as I know the world better. @ CAPS3 family and friends ! @ ORGANIZATION3 passed away late that day. Do you want to carry this heavy burden with you until you die? No you don't. In rehab, @ ORGANIZATION4 has asked patients @ CAPS1 that they started taking meds in the first place, @ PERCENT4 replied that it was @ CAPS9 that they did not feel the love of their family. After responding, they were asked @ CAPS1 that they didn't feel love, @ PERCENT5 of them replied @ CAPS9 that the people they love were too busy on computers. Unless you wanted to put a loved one out. hospital, do not use computers Obviously, computers are technological devices. s terrible. Yes, they help with coordination, but would you rather be quick, not enjoying family and nature, but being able to catch a ball or be healthy, loved and loving? "
Computers are very useful in many ways. I believe that computers can have a very big impact on you. @ CAPS5 can get you to @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 and cheap @ CAPS3. The computer can @ CAPS1 you in several interesting ways. The quick wat @ CAPS5 can @ CAPS1 is @ CAPS4 helping others plan @ CAPS4 vacations by giving them money. Also @ CAPS5 can @ CAPS1 knowing how to do different things like @ CAPS6 if you get lost or show yourself how to get there. The second way to help is by donating @ CAPS2. The computer can give you a lot of @ CAPS2. I am using @ CAPS4 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS7's computer. @ CAPS5 also gives me @ CAPS2 about a @ CAPS8 college that I would @ CAPS9 that I would like to attend. The last way the computer helps sound with the box from there. If you @ CAPS10 online, you can do this on the computer. I have @ CAPS9 this machine because you don't need to buy something that just came out @ CAPS4 the very expensive @ CAPS12, you can just @ CAPS10 online and @ CAPS11 @ CAPS5 @ CAPS4 one @ CAPS12 minus Dear. Also @ CAPS13 mom wanted @ CAPS11 new @ CAPS15 on the reseller but @ CAPS5 was expensive so went online and bought @ CAPS5 cheaper than what we would sell @ CAPS5. This is how the computer can come in handy when you need @ CAPS5. That's why I believe this computer you.
Dear, local article @ ORGANIZATION1 I think computers benefit society, because if a student needs to write a report in Europe, everything will be fine. A computer to provide the most accessible information is projected on it at home. Computers are a great way to meet people online so that you stay social and not. They also teach hand-eye coordination. So your eyes are better off than they can see anything. I also believe that IT benefits society because it could motivate students to take a test or pass the school year and use it. Computers are also great knowledge and can make children better at a subject like history or science, you should agree with me as local @ ORGANIZATION1 newspapers sometimes get information from the internet and with our computers @ ORGANIZATION1 would be slow and. Computers also have positive effects on people because they teach them the dangers of things and there could be more of them and, and computers give a strong grip to the finger to be much faster, and computers are the fastest way to know the @ ORGANIZATION1 or the weather, like there is going to be a snowstorm, you could check if you have school.
Dear local newspaper, Have you ever thought about how computers affect human beings? The impacts ? The results? Education? I believe computers have a positive effect on people. Computers allow people to talk with others online, have the ability to educate in certain areas, and teach hand-eye coordination. Who says the only way to contact or communicate with someone is by mail or by phone ? The technology brought about by the use of computers allows people to talk online with others in a quick, easy and enjoyable way. Have a question you need to ask a friend, but someone else is using the phone? Write a letter! Oh wait, letters can take today and your question is urgent! The computer is an easy alternative to communication. Let's say you are an amazing singer with a great voice and more than anything you want to find an agent. Computers are so technologically advanced that they can find you an agent in no time. Email, websites, @ CAPS1 and more are all ways to contact this agent. Computers are a great way to communicate. The mind is an extraordinary thing. It can be filled with knowledge while having the ability to learn and understand more. Reading books is a fantastic way to learn, but the internet has so much more to offer and you don't just read one great author, but tons of great authors. The computer allows you to learn about distant places and important people without having to make that trip to the library. Have you ever heard of online colleges? They are advertised on @ CAPS2.V. all the time. Some people @ MONTH1 think that learning at home, lying in bed with a laptop in front of them is a fun way to learn. But what about being comfortable and not being intimidated by someone else around you? Computers can help you graduate from college in a comfortable environment. Hand-eye coordination is a great and wonderful thing to have. With video games, computer games teach you exactly that. Parents @ MONTH1 think that we kids are wasting our time playing computer games, but we are actually putting our minds and hand-eye coordination skills to the test. Computers are essential for psychological learning. Hand-eye coordination is taught to us through games and in such a way that we play without even knowing it. Hand-eye coordination allows us to catch a ball or play sports, and computers help us do this.
@ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS1 Studies have been carried out over the past few years showing that people of all ages spend @ PERCENT1 of their free time on computers. It is becoming a problem throughout our state and our country. Computers consume everyone's life. An anonymous source claims they are using their computers to contact old friends. Study shows that phone use has declined because adults and teens prefer to email or instant message a friend. This results in a sitting position in front of a computer screen waiting for a response. @ PERSON1, a student from @ ORGANIZATION2 says, I go to the computer once or twice a week. I don't use it a lot because I would rather have fun with all of my friends than be locked in a room all by myself. t. It's just sitting in front of a screen talking to people you don't even know very well @ MONTH1. When you sit down on your computer chair and start emailing, you aren't exercising. The @ CAPS2 movement people normally do is get up and go to the bathroom. Then they are back in a chair, making minimal movements. @ PERCENT2 people who sit at a computer end up obese because they don't burn any calories. Since they don't release a lot of endorphins, so they're not very happy. If they got up and went outside to exercise, they would be fit and happy. Often, teens feel more powerful when using a computer. They find it easier to break the rules their parents set for them. Teens also find it easier to bully other children through the internet or social media. @ NUM1 on @ NUM2 students from @ ORGANIZATION2 middle @ ORGANIZATION2 admit to being the target of malicious bullying online. @ NUM3 on @ NUM2 admits to being bullied, and they sure don't want to be bullied on facebook or myspace where everything is posted on your profile for your peers to see. Teens should have limited time on the computer so that they don't do anything they will regret in the future. Therefore, adults and teens should know that using a computer is okay, but they should not abuse the luxury of a way to quickly find information or contact a friend in a foreign country. This generation should be reminded that their whole life should not be spent on the computer. Probably less than @ NUM5 minutes a day should be spent checking your email or instant messaging a friend. Then you should go out and hang out with your friends and family. "
@ ORGANIZATION1, With the recent development of @ MONEY1 technology in today's society, I know there is a lot of @ MONEY1 controversy with computers. Many people think that computers are good for our society. While others disagree. I think technology can be both good and bad. Technology offers great advances in our world. But people are less familiar @ MONEY1 with the outside world when they surround themselves with technology. But I think we can find a balance between the two points of view. Having computers has made @ MONEY1 a lot of progress in today's society. Look at modern medicine, it would be nothing without today's computer technology. We can look at the military today. Computers virtually run today's armed forces. But who knows where technology can take us. Our society could continue to grow considerably with the help of @ MONEY1 computers. But then again, we might all wonder where would we be today without computers. So @ ORGANIZATION1, as you can see, computers have greatly helped our society to improve and grow. But with all @ MONEY1 this technology, we still have to find a balance. It's live today @ CAPS1 going @ NUM1 hours a week on computers. People don't know the world outside of @ MONEY1 their computers. Our state puts @ MONEY1 every year for our parks just so we can ignore them. Also, with the increase in the time spent on the computer, people are not going out. They don't exercise properly. You @ MONTH1 even notice that if you use the computer too much, you will miss more interactions with your family. So while computers can be very useful, you need to be able to turn off the computer and do the real important things in your life besides computers. computers can be both good and bad. But I think you have to find a balance between the two. Computers are useful in our daily life, but at the same time, we also need to realize that sometimes we need to take a break from our computers. Let's face it without computers today we wouldn't be able to function. Entire businesses revolve around computers and if computers were to disappear @ MONEY1 @ MONEY1 people would lose their jobs. But also ordinary people, for example teenagers, do not need to be on the computer four hours a day. These four hours could be spent with their families. We have to find a balance. For example, you could say that for every hour you spend on the computer, you have to spend that same hour going out, spending time with your family, etc. Computers are useful, but we cannot abuse them. So, at @ ORGANIZATION1, computers help our society thrive. But at the same time, we have to learn when we have had enough time on the computer. So I believe we can call for a healthy balance @ MONEY1 computer use.
Dear local newspaper, Computers are powerful machines in our world. Most people are in the east sleeping and drinking from the computer. It is when these people are forty years old and living with their moms, most of the computers are used by teenagers and corporate employees. The computer is a tool that must be used in everyday life. We all know and remember when we were "sick" just so we could go to the office with mum or dad to draw and spin around in the office chairs. Well, while we were busy playing mum and dad were busy too. They chatted with their boss, made copies, held meetings, drank coffee and, most importantly, spent half the day working on the computer. It could be creating a spreadsheet, designing logos, editing someone, or getting new customers. About ninety percent of workers use the computer to do their job. they have to send work to other companies over the sea or just on a float. Computers should be used to perform most of the tasks in @ LOCATION1. In addition, today's computers are beautiful because they have the Internet. The internet makes it possible to talk to people all over the world and to search for information such as news, the nearest bridle store, the biggest mall, the biggest racing circuit near you, and a pizzeria near you. . The internet can do a lot of things for you. I know in Granby you just have to read the newspaper, but instead of using the newspaper you can just go to your computer and check the news. Look for the weather forecast, celebrity gossip, and the crash spot your mom told you about. The computer can give you excellent information, but only if you know how to use it. One thing I think is great is that you can watch TV. and movies directly from your computer. Then you don't need to buy all those high-priced channels to watch movies. You can see your favorite shows and movements. A great thing is that teenagers spend the majority of their time on facebook, twitter or myspace. Some of the perks you get from these online sites are that you can chat with an old friend and show them a picture of you and your family. You can let people know what you're doing or tell them you're sad because your dog is dead. You can just use the internet for just about anything. Finally, you can buy music on the computers. You don't have to go out and spend @ MONEY1 on an album, now you can buy a single song for a dollar. You can buy a lot of things on the Internet, from clothes to food. This is why the computer
My opinion is that the longer we stay on the computer. The lazier we get. One of the reasons I say this is that a computer is actually a very practical person. The second reason is that people stay at home sitting on the computer, outside of the exercise. The third reason is that people sit at home and do not enjoy the fresh air with their loved ones. First, the reason I say a computer is a very practical person is because it does most of the things a human can do. This can lead to a person being very lazy. Also just sit in the house and go to websites. It has a great effect on the life of a human. Computer technology has addressed a huge population of recae. It really misses half of their day. Second, people stay at home on the computer apart from exercising. It is very unhealthy for a person to sit in front of a computer all day. The person has to eat so, basically, he eats and sits down in front of the computer. It can get out of hand because the computer allows people to honor food online. So, there is just one example of people who don't get exercise and are lazy. You have to get your ecersise everyday. So people who don't have their diploma have to start. Instead of sitting in front of the computer all day. Third, a lot of people around the world have a lot of love that they care about and love. "But" they don't have time to be with them because they are still on the computer. The computer shouldn't take you away from your outdoor life. Okay so what you can talk to your friend and family on the computer. It's never like seeing them in person. Go out and have fun and have fun with your family. Because the computer is just words sent by SMS. It's not like we're saying it. I guaranteed you that. If you're spending time with your family, you'll want to start over. As you go out, exercise and interact. In conclusion, if you're still on the math, that's no good. Just take a few hours out of the day and get some exercise. Go out and have a wonderful day. Because the computer only makes you laze (@ CAPS1 YOU). If you're still on the computer, just make sure you get your lesson and spend time with your family. It will make you a better person!
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, computers have both negative and positive effects on people. Many people before us have lived everyday life without them. While there are many positive effects that computers have on people, the negative effects far outnumber them. For example, generations have lived and died without computers and it has not affected them. Not only that, but many children and adults at this center are obese due to increasing technology. Many people become obese because they were born with this technology and after years, if not days, sitting in front of their computer they become lazy. They see the computer as a necessity, not a form of entertainment. Even though computers keep people in touch and keep them updated with their lives, it is the only important reason for a computer. As a student, I use my computer for my homework. All I do on my computer is either type a piece of paper or print a search. I could do these things with paper and pencil and ask people what I'm trying to find out. This is important because it shows that people don't need to be indifferent to computers when they can do whatever they need without them. Finally, computers are unnecessary when we have cell phones that keep everyone in touch without computer games, chats or profiles. Additionally, phones are safe so they can't get viruses and strangers can't look at your personal information to find out where you live. In conclusion, computers are not healthy, keep you seated, free from exercise, and are not essential.
When you use technology, it's usually work-related. A computer is used at work for writing essays, doing power points, and doing research, when people use them for Facebook, myspace, @ CAPS1, and other oovoo live chats and websites, it's more for their pleasure. I only go to Facebook when I check my hockey schedule, most kids use it for talking. Then there is oovoo and the online video chat used to talk with friends, but why not just call. When I think of facebook or oovoo, or even myspace, it reminds me of inappropriate photos that kids and adults post. I think it's very inhuman and very dangerous to post because once it's out you'll never get it back. For example, I am always outside when it's hot, during the winter I can understand that I go to Facebook, but during the @ DATE1 there is no need to go out and have fun. Children wonder why they are gaining weight. If you quit your computer and stop eating twinkies, you'll notice that you just need to be active. some parents of kids don't really give a flying faldoodle what their kids do all day. They don't care if their kid weighs @ NUM1 lbs. at the age of @ NUM2. They don't care if their kids are sitting at the computer eating all day. If I could tell you what it must be like to be a couch potato, I would, but I never go to the computer except for homework. I used the computer just at @ TIME1 I typed all my homework except my math. I didn't play a single game, didn't check my internet email or anything, just worked my best and got it right. I conclude this with the fact that using a computer is not a bad thing, using it repeatedly and not exercising is. A computer shouldn't need to be used for fun, it isn't created to do so, so it is created to make your life easier. People pay money to buy an expensive computer and motem and all those expensive tech accessories, to make their life easier, nowhere in this essay did I say play games because it isn't. not the case. Playing games can be done outdoors, it doesn't need to be indoors, and it certainly doesn't need to be on a computer. To make everyone's life easier, kids, get out of your lazy butt, get out some twinkies and stop playing on the computer.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 Diary, Have you ever wanted to see your @ CAPS3 who lives across the country ? Well, computers can do it. It is positive to affect people in many ways, for example by allowing people to connect with their family or friends all over the world or by letting everything be easy to find what they @ CAPS4 many people are isolated people and preventing them from talking to their family / friends I am helping them by chatting or typing with them. People can now talk to loved ones from the comfort of their home without having to worry about their appearance. The computer also has phone bills because of your mom calling @ LOCATION1 continue chatting and chatting with her it's just @ CAPS5 you can see the computers Some people also think computers give people much more access, but it lets people know what they are looking for in my fall @ NUM1. or people @ CAPS6 you can see computers let you find the information you have the time @ CAPS7 computers without or keeping people away from family
@ ORGANIZATION1, I think we should educate the folks at @ LOCATION1 about the dangers of overuse of computers. For example, people who use the computer consistently spend less time doing other things in general. Also, the longer you stay on it, the more you use it, and this habit is addictive, which can be difficult to break. Finally, people who still play computer video games are starting to lose touch with reality. Computers are turning this nation into a bunch of stupid lazy people. If you have children, what do you think they do most of their life with. Maybe they're going out and exercising, or their brain is being sucked into a computer screen. Most children at the age of @ NUM1 have used a computer for more than @ NUM2 hours. This shows that children spend more time using the computer than anything else. I had a friend named @ CAPS1 who was using the computer @ NUM3 and eventually he was so weak and skinny from lack of exercise that you could snap his arm like a twig. Please if you don't want your kids to be like @ CAPS1 tell them to get up and go outside and play. You probably think that using your computer every day isn't addictive, but computers can be as addicting as drugs. Scientists have found that using the computer for an hour every day can be enough to be addictive. In fact, if we could scan people for addictions, @ PERCENT1 of the @ LOCATION2 population would be addicted to computers. This means that in @ NUM4 years, the worldwide dependency on computers could be @ PERCENT2 or more. Do you want to live in a world where almost everyone uses their computer @ NUM3 I don't. Video games are one of the greatest advances in computer technology, but also one of the deadliest. If you have a computer, you will have video games. Small doses may be fine, but playing nonstop can cause serious problems. Due to the whimsical content, people might start to lose sight of the reality. For example, scientest tested a video game on children, and now @ PERCENT1 believes in zombies. Now they can no longer play the game as it could cause serious brain damage. Just to make sure you get my point, let's recap. No more computer means lack of exercise and social interaction, you can easily become addicted and lose your sense of reality. I sure don't want to see you or your brilliant kids brains turned into mush by computers.
The innovation of computers was a big leap in discovery. Unfortunately, the negative aspects of this magnificent invention detract from the novelty. With the computer came a plague of not exercising and a disinterest in, perhaps even an inability to enjoy nature. In addition to this destruction of the mind, this monster is the cruel cause of many declining relationships because who has time for friends and family in the middle of an internet game? As unique and intriguing as the computer may be, it slowly destroys the mind. The increasing interest in a monitor tends to lead to a decrease in the attention paid to exercise as well as a decrease in the amount of exercise performed each day. While playing on the computer, the mind @ MONTH1 races but the body remains motionless, the @ CAPS1 activity is in progress. Indeed, for some, the addiction is terrible enough that the person only moves to eat, go to the bathroom, go to bed or when a parent demands it. All the food of the day is deposited in the stomach and little or not at all is burned. Meanwhile, in some of the most severe cases, the person is so fascinated that bedtime is pushed back later. Sleep is essential for the body and mind, and going without it can be damaging. Nowadays, the computer interferes with the sleep and exercise the body needs. Even nature suffered from the advent of computers. Fewer people came out to admire its beauty. Nature is a wonderful teacher on the circle of life and the natural way of the world. Often parallels can be drawn between the savage and the tame. Attached as people are to computers, they cannot experience the world to the fullest. Some claim that flora and fauna can be found online, but seeing an image is different, almost misleading, than being next to the plant, able to study it from all angles rather than in a still form. The experience is not the same. Plus, the computers are inside, so the real world is hidden. Even today with laptops, if one were to be taken outside, the user would focus on the screen, not on its surroundings. Computers have severely reduced the admiration of nature. Even family and friends suffer when computers are nearby. Many people barely pay attention to the conversation when they focus on the screen. They tend to only pretend to listen half the time. Even when chatting with friends online, the conversation is disjointed as the attention is likely focused on another part of the internet. Often times, in conversations with no computer nearby, the mind is focused on something from the start of the day. Relationships are hurting and computers are at fault. Computers are sucking up society more and more every day. Much of what is done on the computer, such as studying distant places, can easily be found in books. Computers have resulted in a lack of exercise, less time with nature, strained relationships, and a generally unhealthy lifestyle. Through it all, they did not return much to society. Why does the world continue to put up with computers and their negative effects on humanity?
Dear @ CAPS1, more and more people are using computers, but that's not a bad thing. The student comes home from school tired, bored and does not want to go out for exercise. Students prefer to go on the computer. When students use the computer, they can chat with their friends, listen to music, or explore faraway places. First, the students were chatting with their friends on the computer. When it is winter, the students cannot go out and exercise. Students can grab their laptops and go to their warm, comfortable bed table to chat with their friends. Maybe a friend can help with the homework. Going out in the winter can make students sick and miss school days. Second, students like to listen to music. Music is an important part for a student because the words of the music can be expressed. Students @ MONTH1 dance to their favorite song. Dancing is exercise and adults say we need more exercise. Students can also play very soft music rather than not doing homework at all. Third, students can learn about distant places. When I'm on the computer I type www.google.com and want to know more about a place I want to visit. Other students may want to learn more about places they have never visited. Italy, France, @ LOCATION1 and many more places people would want to visit. They would like to know more about the places before going there. In conclusion @ CAPS1, more and more people are using the computer, but that doesn't have to be a bad thing. Yes, students should exercise, but all the time. When the students go to the computer, they can chat with friends. Second, students can listen to music. Third, they can learn about distant places. @ CAPS1, it's not a bad thing for students to go to the computer.
Dear Diary, I know that the debate about the usefulness of computers to society is very hotly debated, but for me the answer is obvious. The internet is an extremely useful invention, used in all schools and only annoying when misused. I'm not saying it's @ PERCENT1 needed for every home to have one, but it's a luxury most people have. The combination of computer and internet is probably one of the coolest ideas ever. It is basically any one click information. Websites like myspace and facebook allow you to connect and reconnect with old and new friends. In addition, the ability to create your own web page is very useful when you are trying to promote a bisnuess or a business. Not only that, but the Internet also makes it possible to buy clothes online without having to go to a store. I know it's useful for parents, like many who hate driving to the mall. Second, I can guarantee you that almost all schools in the country have a working computer with Internet access. The computer was just a huge step forward for education. These are many websites for educational purposes only. These are websites like this for kids and adults of all ages. Nowadays, many teachers do homework where the Internet is essential. Tests such as the blue tape test are also taken online. I can tell you right away that mantis teachers would be torn apart without the computer. Finally, one of the most important issues. The disadvantages of the Internet. Even though myspace and facebook are for good, they also have a dark side.
Dear @ PERSON1 editor, I think computers have both positive and negative effects, but more positive ones. For example, when people come home from work or school, they immediately go to the computer, check e-mail, work or play games. I think it's good to connect with friends and learn more about the far away nature and the people we can't see, but too much will be bad. I know this will be bad as it can cause lack of exercise and the computer can cut you off from your family and friends if you are at it too much, I think it's okay to go on the computer for a while. limited time each day, but also spending time outdoors with family and friends. The computer is good because of all the amazing things it offers and the things you can learn. I myself like to play video games on it like bubble spinner but at the same time i will be on facebook, facebook allows me to connect with my friends and family while bubble spinner helps with eye-hand coordination, when the projects come in, I usually do all my research there, collecting information on each site. I also do all the writing on it so that it doesn't look messy but rather clean and neat. The computer also offers videos of almost everything on TV and otherwise like youtube or google videos. The computer allows me to see nature, to talk to my friends and family, and to see things, like videos, that I will never see in books. These show that the computer has a positive impact more than a negative one and that we must take advantage of the new technologies at our disposal and not waste them. The computer is a great place to come home and relax. People say you don't exercise enough, but we have a gym and school breaks and we burn out at work which is enough exercise for the day. Computers are a nice device to have and are used by almost everyone on a daily basis. So it can't be that bad to deprive you of nature and family because it allows you to see it anyway. The effects it has on people are good because of the knowledge and communication it brings. Hope you see my point of view.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 are very dangerous for modern society and the way we are connected to it. So I think these atrocious things should be eliminated very well. There are good reasons to think such a thought, it is at this moment with such a breakdwon eviormetal that we have to get closer to nature while it is still there. Today our interaction is very weak when if you talk about talking to the person and because of the computers it makes @ CAPS3 all the more lazy while sitting around doing nothing. Finally, @ CAPS2 is harmful and expensive not to highlight the fact that the environment is already in the process of collapsing. The way nature runs, we will all die eventually, not thanks to computers. First of all, how good today is @ PERCENT1 of @ CAPS3's own computers. In USA there is only @ PERCENT2 of nature with beautiful forest, but like people say they will be gone forever due to the expansion. So be one of @ NUM1 on @ NUM2 who instead of standing aside is watching the great things the earth has to offer. Then these computers our little robots that really invade the world and it becomes very dangerous with how much it destroys the ability of humans to breathe. a horrible addiction. Finally @ PERCENT3 deaths are due to overload @ CAPS2 imagine all the lives that could be saved if they were just going to breathe every @ NUM3 twinks I mean on average @ NUM4 hours a day you watch a @ CAPS2 take time off make a goal for say @ NUM5 hours. This addiction will kill us and no one knows how to talk about it. Second, millions more millions live in the @ LOCATION1 @ NUM6 keep on their computers for ours at a time when you would think that only out of every @ NUM7 people ended up being killed the rest by chatting on the @ CAPS2 and letting their life flow out the window. Now the interaction is harmful as you already know but you forgot @ NUM8 a day to do elligal things on the internet like download music which they shouldn't be they could be put aside until 'to @ NUM9 years for this discussion on an iteraction, with the police. Finally a web interaction like myspace they satisfied sex effenders that might come to your house at some point and take you away would you like that to happen you could never see your family in every @ NUM10 people @ PERCENT4 are kidnapped because of myspace alone stand out of danger. It is harmful work. Finally the dangers of a world like this with the way the government wants to mess you up. These people are seen as crazy and dangerous with laywars who want to get you. Someone on @ NUM11 cannot track payments. Then have you forgotten about those other @ PERCENT3 who don't have computers, they live life walking with @ CAPS4 bordering on myth. Last but not least, those persistent @ PERCENT1 without computers are likely to die within the next @ NUM12 years due to a deadly poison that the calculus sends to your brain. In conclusion, this world can be one of the most angry. So come and get together, ask a friend to go for a run every now and then. No friend is going to talk to your family instead of one of these virtual meetings. Just keep in mind the dangers of the @ CAPS2 world and how they want your money. Now what we need to do is attack the robots. People should go and get some obesity from sitting all day and losing @ NUM9 pounds or more. Remember the world would survive if you destroy this zombie room @ CAPS2. Get out, go on a road trip, save the lives of mankind, your friends and family.
Dear readers, @ CAPS1 brought to my attention that there is a debate about whether or not computers benefit society. This question is debatable, but I really think computers don't help to see the big picture. I don't think they benefit our health or our social actions because computers keep us inside when we could be outside. Every day when I come home from school I find myself right inside and at the computer from there I log into @ CAPS2 and @ CAPS3. And my exercise in the next @ NUM1 hours or so is only in my fingers. What I mean is there's a whole world outside of us that we just get off our computers and play outside. Statistics show that the children of @ NUM2 spend more time indoors all year round than they do outdoors today. "@ CAPS1 is ridiculous how much things have changed in just @ NUM3 years." @ PERSON1 a pediatrician told @ LOCATION1, "they all need their exercise." @ CAPS1 shows how many people are on computers now, @ CAPS1 is starting to affect their attitude and control their lives. Sometimes checking the notifications on @ CAPS3 can be more important to someone than spending time with family or friends. Mom of teens from @ NUM4 says "They all go to their rooms, close their doors and continue @ CAPS3 and @ CAPS6 until dinner and then they go back." In this case, they just log into their computers and forget about everyone. I think @ CAPS1 has gotten out of hand how addicted people and teenagers in particular are to computers. 1 / @ NUM4 mom says she sees her child drifting away from the family because of a computer. You @ MONTH1 say that when on your computer there is someone you talk to, and even though the penpals are great, you really should go out and do something ! You talk to your friends, but it's not the same as being with them. On my recent trip to @ LOCATION2 to go skiing, I found some of my friends to joke funnier when you were with her and not just sitting in front of a computer. We had a blast! Now, I wish I had met her. Also @ NUM6 arguments now have something to do with computer misunderstanding, @ MONTH1 people get the wrong message when you send something to them or take @ CAPS1 the wrong way. The truth is, computers are starting to take a toll on our society and even ruin relationships. If we just get off our computers and get out, we can turn the tide.
Dear local newspaper, I am writing you a letter explaining why I think computers are not a good thing to have. My three reasons for this are that if you are on the computer all the time, you may gain weight and become obese. You'd rather be on the computer than spending time with your family, and finally you won't have any friends to talk to. Please read on to hear my story. First of all, if you're still on the computer, you're not going to get up and go out for a bit because it won't matter to you. In addition, you will need to eat and when you are out you will want to eat more. Then you will start to get overweight because you don't want to exercise. Second, you would spend less time with your family. You would think you are going to date them later. So you play more and get hooked. Thus, you and your family would become separated. And you would be alone because you abandoned your family just so you could play a game on the computer. My last reason on this is that you won't have any friends. I think you won't have friends because if you are on the computer all the time you won't even bother to go to the park to play or go to the gym, to try to work out. sport, then you will not meet anyone. The only friends you would probably have are friends on the computer. That you will never meet in real life and socialize with life pretty much there and who to hang out with. In conclusion, I think it is not a good idea to have a computer because you can become obese, you will spend less time with your family and you will not have any more friends to talk to. I hope you enjoyed this letter and are taking it into consideration.
Dear local newspaper, In my opinion, computers are everything, they give you so many things for you to do like play chess, listen to music and even download your favorite movies. First of all, computers are a great source of communication, because if you have a distant relative who lives at @ LOCATION1, you can talk to them online. You can do this by e-mail. Instant message and @ CAPS1. Second, computers allow you to search the web. So if you need to find directions to your destination or want to get information about remote places like @ LOCATION3, @ LOCATION2, @ LOCATION4 or my favorite @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3, you can because the web allows you to. . Third, they are a great source of entertainment. Well, because you can watch episodes of your favorite @ CAPS4.V. show or you can watch music videos. Additionally, you @ MONTH1 enjoy listening to music from your computer for personal entertainment. I think computers are great. I use them myself as an example. I love downloading music to my iPod from my computer. Then I can enjoy music from my ipod. Last but not least, @ CAPS5 computers have a great effect on the majority of people. I believe if we didn't have @ CAPS4 computers, our world would be @ CAPS4 the same. So I say keep the computers here to stay. They complement us all.
I think computers have a bad effect on people. I think for many reasons and I will tell you a few. One of the reasons would be not to exercise on the computer all day, it will only get worse. Let's say if you were @ NUM1 and when the computers came out you bought one and used it everyday instead of being in good shape. Then, if you don't exercise, you will get bigger and bigger. Another reason if you only use computers for research I say this because there is no reason to go on your computer all day, a good reason to go would be if you have a sort of project for school or work instead of just using your computer for facebook or myspace. Then there is a sort of diesese that can happen to you if it does the same thing multiple times. You don't want to do this because if you don't use the computer a lot and play a sport like soccer, baseball, or any other kind of sport in one place. Also, if it is a surgical operation and it will prevent you from doing almost everything with that hand. My last reason is on the computer your viruses connected to it. If you do this then your computer will lose everything on it. Then you have to get a new computer and everything in between. If you bought a new computer and someone can hack your computer and get all the info from it. The information then they like how. And if you don't know a person, you don't know what they can do. So I hope you don't buy something that has some really bad virus like that. These would all be the reasons why you shouldn't overuse the computer and why it doesn't really help when you are doing research or any kind of work or in a work related way.
@ ORGANIZATION1, more people are using @ DATE1 computers, but that's not necessarily a good thing. Spending too much time on computers affects your activity level. As well. Children stay awake later on the math, in turn lowering their grades. Finally, spending too much time on the computer decreases the time spent with friends and family. First, spending too much time on the computer affects your activity level. The more time you spend on a computer, the less time a person has to do something active, like exercising @ PERCENT1 people spend more than @ NUM1 @ NUM2 hours on the computer per day, if @ NUM3 hours or so were used for exercise or sport which decreased in number to @ PERCENT2 according to a recent study. Doctors said that at least @ PERCENT3 of overweight parents spend most of their time on the computer, limiting their time exercising. The amount spent on the computer has been shown to decrease activity level and affect the number of overweight and obese people all over the world. If we want to become a healthier country, we have to indicate @ CAPS5 the writing time spent on computers. Additionally, children later stay awake on computers and score below @ CAPS5. More time spent on @ CAPS1 or anywhere on @ CAPS2 means less time studying, which means lower grades. Children spent an average of @ NUM3 @ NUM2 hours on the computer each day, while children spent @ NUM6 @ NUM2 hours each day. A student at @ PERSON2 saw his grades go from @ CAPS3 + to just @ CAPS4 + @ CAPS5 with less time on the computer and more. This studnet also felt more because they have more computers. This tests and quiz. Computers clearly have a negative effect on grades and schoolwork. Finally, computers limit the time spent with family and friends. A student, @ PERSON1, said she spent more time with friends now that the computer is not on all the time, @ CAPS5 doing this, I have a better friendship with all my friends than before . “A child who uses the computer all their free time spends @ PERCENT4 less time with friends than someone who uses it sparingly. Families also suffer. If a family member spends all of their time on computer, the other family members will have less relationship with them because they don't talk or do anything together and probably won't know what is going on in their life or if something is wrong. relationships with family and friends Overuse of computers does not benefit society. They affect people's activity levels, student grades and, most importantly, people's relationships with family and friends. to make our country a better and healthier place, we owe the time spent on computers. "
In my opinion, IT benefits society, here are my reasons, I can talk with my friends, I can do my homework, or I can do other things in the computer. First reasons, I can talk with my friends or I can talk with my family on facebook or myspace or on msn or I can see my family in the msn camera the camera helps me a lot because lik my family is at @ LOCATION1 I chat with them all @ DATE1 instead of sending pictures and videos or going to visit @ LOCATION1. Next reasons I can do my homework on I can write a big letter on I can do a lot of work in the computer is and easy. Last reason I can do a lot of things like find a question or do a project on it.
Computers are a nice item to have, but they're bad if you don't know how to control your time. Lots of people @ CAPS3 days don't get enough exercise and the lack of healthy people is costing taxpayers millions of @ CAPS1. Additionally, people don't enjoy life as much as they would if they weren't using a computer all the time and there are a lot of people who have cut themselves off completely from family and friends. I'm sure when you finish reading this you will be one hundred percent convinced that the effects of computers on people are bad. For starters, many people spend too much time on a computer instead of being outdoors or running. This effect on people is something we need to start controlling because a lot of people are very overweight and don't exercise enough to be healthy. Because so many people carry weight, it costs taxpayers millions. For example, @ CAPS2 @ PERSON1 talks about healthcare, and a simple solution to cutting costs is to get people to exercise. More often to stay healthy. As a technology affecting our lives, we used to remind ourselves that being healthy is more important than sitting in front of a computer all day. Besides the people who don't enjoy life so much, you only live once and life is special, so why sit around all day? I have a lot more because they spend everything there @ CAPS3 are so many things to do in life that will bring you fun than playing on a computer. need to be and i can tell you that your life will not be uplifting you. Finally, computers have made a lot of people when people get too crowded a major view when it comes to family and friends. While computers are an easy way to communicate with people, they shouldn't be the only thing you use to talk to friends and family. So, as you can see, computers force us to lead healthy lives because our health priorities are why too low. They also prevent you from enjoying life to the fullest and can separate you from your friends and family when left unchecked. I'm sure I persuaded you not to spend so much time on a computer. So the next time you use a computer, think about all the things that you miss in life !
Dear Diary In my mind, the computer benefits us in different ways. Computers are fun, computers help us educate ourselves, and the health and safety goals are awesome. People love entertainment. Computers are a lot of fun. In electronics stores, computer games are sold. These games are generally good. Instead of having games that are bad for the brain, most computer games are not. My friend @ PERSON2 bought a computer game last week. @ CAPS4 says @ CAPS3 is great fun but does not harm the brain. Everyone loves watching @ CAPS1.V. On computers, people can now watch @ CAPS1.V. Not only is it fun, but @ CAPS3 will save you money because you don't need @ CAPS1 @ CAPS1.v. Now users can download @ CAPS1.v instead. shows and movies on their computer. @ PERSON1 just got a new computer for his birthday last week. "@ CAPS3 is so much fun watching @ CAPS1.v. On my computer and @ CAPS3 is so easy." @ CAPS4 explained. Learn from @ PERSON1 Hope you can learn how fun computers are. At school, we use computers all the time. If we didn't have computers, we wouldn't learn the same. On his new computer @ PERSON1 can do all his projects and homework on @ CAPS3. Before @ CAPS4 got his computer @ CAPS4 had to write all his papers and when @ CAPS4 finished @ CAPS4 spent too much time writing that @ CAPS4 couldn't do the rest of his homework. Now @ CAPS4 cannot type @ CAPS3 and continues to do all of his other homework. If you think it's amazing, read this. Research by @ ORGANIZATION1 revealed that @ PERCENT1 of children with computers are smarter than before their computers. "I used to get all @ CAPS5 when I didn't have a computer. Now I get top honors on my newsletter because of my computer." @ PERSON1 says. Hope people can now be like @ PERSON1 and buy computers. Do you want to have a smarter world? Computers open up a whole new area of health and safety. You @ MONTH1 are learning a bit about genetics. @ CAPS3 would have taken about @ NUM1 more years to crack the code for genes we didn't have computers. All the information scientists gleaned from the Human Geno Project can cure cancer and other diseases. Computers are also safe for the safety of your children. New technology can keep up with kids. If something unfortunate happens and your child is missing, a computer can help you find them. A new mother lost her child on the last @ DATE1 while having lunch in a park. She knew she had a chip in the child's body. She opened her laptop and found where her child was. Incredible on the right. Hope everyone can have a computer for health and safety reasons. Hope you can now see computers benefiting society from health and safety to school education. Without computers, we couldn't be where we are today.
Dear @ CAPS1 or @ CAPS2 The purpose of this letter is to find out how computers have changed our lives for the better. They have improved our society. We changed our way of life and made it easier. I am convinced that the computer was one of the greatest inventions of all time. Computers have had a very vital and positive impact on society. For example, education has grown considerably since the computer. Teachers and students have benefited. Students can now research the intrenet and learn about different places, elements of history, how to read and write better, etc. Computers have also played a major role in entertainment. From reading online news to watching movies and listening to music, computers keep us entertained. And computers help us connect with friends and even meet new people. Other than that, computers make life easier. People can get degrees by learning online learning another. Searching is also easier than with computers, you can pretty much anything than with computers. Some people say that computers keep people from interacting with their families, but in fact, you can still do that on Facebook. The computer also has our lives. From helping small businesses thrive by making it easier to place and receive orders to help disseminate information globally, computers make it all possible. As I have shown, computers have benefited society and have had a positive effect on human beings, by educating individuals to stay in touch with relitives, computers have left their mark on improving human life. our way of life. I hope this letter helps you show that computers are a necessary part of the 21st century.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, I think having a computer is very positive. I know teenagers use computers a lot, but if parents really mind it, why do they have computers in their homes? @ CAPS3, I can tell you @ NUM1 why. They are great sources of information, they are a good way to talk with your friends, and they give you information about places you might not know. First of all, I would like to say that computers are a fantastic source of information. They can tell you anything! It's also useful because if you're working on a project and your mom can't get you some books from the library, then go for it ! A computer is just an easier way to find information. Did you know that @ PERCENT1 of parents who donate a computer to their family don't regret their decision ? That's almost all of @ LOCATION2's parents ! @ CAPS6 as you can see it would help kids with whatever they are studying. Second, we teenagers today use computers to talk with our friends @ ORGANIZATION1 email @ CAPS3, I think it's much better than sending @ CAPS4 ! Why would you want to wait for your cousin's letter @ LOCATION1. When you can talk to them in seconds! And that makes paper if you come from @ CAPS5 to buy, I would like to say that having like this once I was working and looking for a place to stay when we went to we ended up finding a great hotel, for a cheap You can also go to the guest card if you @ CAPS5 to someone. @ CAPS6 for all those who are not important to computers. In conclusion, I think that having a computer is a very important thing for @ NUM1 reson they are a very good source of books, they help us to communicate with friends and for each information on for @ CAPS6 leaving you the opinion with you, hope you learn something better and choose the right one
Almost all families have access to a computer. They have become a part of life and a way to be a part of life outside of your home even though you have to stay home. Computers are a source of vast knowledge from millions of sources. They have already caused an exponential progression. Overall, computers have a positive effect. on a rainy day, @ NUM1 students will be spending time on their computers. among these students, @ PERCENT1 will be on sites such as AIM (@ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3), @ CAPS4, @ CAPS5 or @ ORGANIZATION2. Even though they can't use their phones or leave the house, they can communicate with friends old and new. Teens and adults alike use @ CAPS6 to talk to friends they haven't seen in @ NUM2 years. People will talk to each other more, build more relationships, and have better conversation skills. More than @ NUM3 sites used by teens are based on @ CAPS8 networking. Being able to easily have a conversation with someone miles away is a sign of huge progress. @ ORGANIZATION1 is a multi-million dollar business. @ PERSON1, has for @ ORGANIZATION1, says that sites like @ ORGANIZATION1 have skyrocketed in popularity during @ DATE1. More and more people are depositing their @ PERSON2 dictionary to type the word in @ LOCATION1, where it is accompanied by a pronunciation and found more easily. Students use computers to obtain report card information in @ CAPS7, @ CAPS8 @ CAPS9, @ CAPS10, or @ CAPS11. Information can be found in any subject. There was a survey to see what is used most often, books with a specific topic or computers for information or various topics. Computers are used more and more. They are faster than books and it's easier to find a resource on @ CAPS6. And say that the view of special interest or exceptionally useful can be added to your favorites. Computers are more convenient than books. Images of science labs where space shuttles are sent to the moon have @ NUM4 main component computers. The additions of @ ORGANIZATION3 show that they are getting smaller and smaller computers. There's a laptop that fits in an envelope and a touchscreen handheld that can almost fit in your pocket. You can type papers and homework to make them more readable. Computers can even mark tests. Advancement is centered around computers. Before computers, so many things we do now seem impossible. But computers open up a whole new world of possibilities. Typing is faster than handwriting in some cases and documents can be saved electronically. If our country continues to move forward at this rate, then it is possible to have computers that do household chores such as taking out the trash or doing the dishes. There may be computers that talk to you like a real conversation. People can learn more and more information and personally progress in intelligence. I look at a computer and think about progress. There are some things about computers that are not ideal, but overall computers are good for society. In a computer, you have access to old and new friends and information from millions of sources. Above all, computers represent progress and advancement. I don't see any direct harm from computers.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, The use of computer benefits society because of the positive effect on people. Such as good hand-eye coordination, the ability to learn more about distant places and people, as well as being able to talk online with family and friends. Did you know that teens who often use computers compared to those who don't have higher test scores ? This is because they are able to look up definitions faster, research and learn whatever they need right at their fingertips. Plus, families and friends who live across the country can stay in touch through email, video chats, and Facebook. It's fascinating to realize that using the computer can increase your hand-eye coordination. You're probably wondering what it is like and think I'm crazy, but there are legitimate reasons. Since I play basketball, volleyball, and softball, hand-eye coordination is extremely important. A cold, wintry @ DATE1 @ TIME1. I was working on a long story post and a @ CAPS1 essay which meant countless hours on the computer. At five o'clock I went to my basketball culture, @ CAPS2 the best game of my life was playerl. Then a week later we had another game but this time I went straight from the church. Therefore, I was not playing as well; missed a lot of passes and shots. It proved to me that things use computers, my hand-eye coordination has improved. Can you imagine being able to learn more about people in faraway places, their cultures, ethics and religion? Well now that is more than possible thanks to advancements in technology. In the story, we were researching the global hunger crisis in our allied countries. With the knowledge of this hunger, I was able to start a fundraiser in my church. @ PERSON1; @ CAPS2 teens like me don't eat for @ NUM1 hours. Research has proven that @ NUM2 children in African countries die from malnutrition every day. Now that this has been brought to my attention, I am going to work four hours a day to give these innocent children even a portion of what I consume. So, through the use of computers, I was able to learn more about the pain that these children are going through and now it is my. Do you have family across the country that you can rarely see? My aunt and uncle live at @ LOCATION3 and they were just lucky enough to have a beautiful baby boy, @ LOCATION4. As we are only honored by their presence about once a year, we begin to miss each other. But now, through skype, email and facebook, we are able to stay up to date on the success and growth of @ LOCATION4 as well as @ CAPS2 where they recently traveled. Also @ PERCENT1 because the teenage population of @ CAPS3.S spends at least four hours a day @ CAPS4, tweeting or using Facebook to stay in touch with their friends. Recently I moved from @ LOCATION2 to @ LOCATION1 and keeping in touch with my friends there is extremely important to me. These are the people I grew up with and have known since birth. Using computers allowed me to stay in touch with distant friends and relatives. To conclude, due to the improved hand-eye coordination, the ability to learn about distant places and people as well as the ability to communicate online, with other people, the use of computers benefits society. Through the Internet, people can find out about places @ LOCATION2 for cycling and exercising while enjoying nature. Moreover, when family and friends want to spend time together, they have to plan the logistics and without email and be online, it becomes almost impossible. Thank you for taking the time to read this and I hope you will take my opinion into consideration when discussing the subject of IT.
Dear local newspaper, I think you are wrong !!. I strongly disagree with this letter. People need computers to do research. Also helps us stay in touch with others. Another thing is @ CAPS1 can get whatever you need. First, @ CAPS1 needs a computer. @ CAPS1 needs a computer to help us with our research. Instead of grabbing a book, you can go online. It's faster and easier. Besides, you can search for information about any place or any project and it will help you. This is the great thing that @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 has information. Then the web @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 is also used to keep in touch. For example, instant messaging. You can also chat on @ CAPS5 or @ CAPS6. You can even go to the chat room. But just keep in mind who you are talking to because it could be a stranger. Either way, you can use the Internet @ CAPS7 to easily talk to people or to "keep in touch". Finally, @ CAPS7, you know the internet is used for research and conversation, but also for getting whatever you want. You can go online and get photos, games, videos, music, or even directions to a place. In addition, the Internet is used just for fun. I mainly use it for ypoutube, @ CAPS5 and to search for images on google. You can search for virtually anything online and it will probably be there for you. In conclusion, the web is used for research. Also to chat. Well, for practically anything you want. This is why @ CAPS1 should have internet because you can still go online but have fun outdoors. But maybe people should cut back @ CAPS8.V a bit. Now do you see why I chose this side? Maybe in the future there will be a way to go to the computer but be active there.
Dear editor, I believe that computers are an important part of modern life and are available as everyday. Often times we don't even think about using computers, it just becomes part of our daily routine. We use computers every day in several ways, sometimes to keep in touch with a distant friend, discover and discover faraway places, or @ MONTH1 to practice hand-eye coordination. Computers are so beneficial to our lives that we may not be able to live without them. Most people have had the experience of a friend or religious movement, when this happens all hope is not lost because with the use of your run keep in touch. Many computers these days have built-in webcams that allow you to receive more than just email. With these systems, you can actually get a picture of your fried person or your relative. Even Oprah Winfrey uses the webcam feature on computers to make people "skype" on her show. Besides that, there are plenty of other ways to stay in touch even if your computer is older. These relatively new " social media series " include Facebook, Twitter, and many more. Every morning when I wake up and I'm on Sportscenter I always talk about what's famous on the post or twitter pages. It's just another great use of computers. In this economy, not many people spend thousands of dollars to go to a heavenly beach, but with the use of computers you can go there virtually. Computers are great in this regard because they allow you to learn and experience many expensive things. For example, if you wanted to learn something about India you wouldn't need to go to the local library and check out a book, you could just type there are many like this that give you access to the information you may need. This also turns out to be valid if you are studying in the distance while you are studying. The computer is just a great way to get information without having to leave your house. Hand-eye coordination is an important skill that many people lack. It allows you to throw a baseball, play video games or even drive a car. Many computer skeptics believe that using computers is not beneficial, but a recent study by @ LOCATION1 news and report found that people who use computers have @ PERCENT1 better hand-eye coordination than people who use computers. computer users. When driving, you often have to operate the car, turn up the radio volume, and hand out goldfish to your kids at the same time. Hand-eye coordination is important and this skill is further developed through the use of computers. In conclusion, computers are beneficial for both hand-eye coordination and communication, as well as obtaining information or a topic. Computers are one of the most important of all time and are precious in many ways.
I think using the computer is great. You should heed my advice, people should use computers. Computers are a great way to communicate. People can connect with others from all over the world. My dad moved to Brazil so we communicated via @ CAPS1-mail, @ CAPS2 and even facebook. It is the easiest and cheapest way to communicate. If I call someone from another country it would cost me a lot more, but if I email them @ CAPS1 it is cheaper. Studies from @ LOCATION1 University show that @ PERCENT1 people think it is easier to use a computer to communicate. Plus, you can do it instantly to get the information anywhere within milliseconds. Computers are indeed the best way to communicate. Another thing computers are used for learning for. Many people around the world have learned different languages from marriage sites or programs that offer good instructions and lessons. I have learned to play the guitar with many online courses and programs. Many people depend on computers for information and learning. My mom is a secretary in an insurer brokerage company. Without computers, customers could not learn about the various policies that exist and they could spend more money than needed for insearence. Without computers, scientists couldn't do much research or learn more about plants or rocks. Computers make it easier for them to study and learn @ LOCATION2 and all. Doctors wouldn't be ready to do half of what they can do without a computer. They discover different diseases and fractures using computers. @ PERSON2 said she couldn't help so many people without the use and help of a computer, she says she learned @ PERCENT2 from what she knows from websites that have body information human. Even teachers say they build better teaching skills from websites. Modern builder and designer @ PERSON1 says he discovered different building designs that are sturdier and stronger than he used in his building today. Hope you can see how great computers are and how much they help our citizens today.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 do you think this is the best technology made so far ? The computer! They are the best technology because you can do anything on the computer. My friends say computers are a @ ORGANIZATION1 the best technology because the internet can help a lot @ ORGANIZATION1 things like you have a research paper. Research has proven that computers have a positive effect on people. My mom says computers are one of the toughest tools in the world @ ORGANIZATION1. @ PERCENT1 @ ORGANIZATION1 my friends say computers are one of the best @ ORGANIZATION1 because you can get help on the internet for homework. They say for people to talk online with other people. They said they can interact with family members who live far away. They also said that being on the computer has brought more @ ORGANIZATION1 teens onto the streets and into their homes. Dr @ ORGANIZATION1 has done extensive research and proven that being on the computer teaches you hand-eye coordination. Another thing he proved is that since computers were invented the rate of violence has dropped because more people are spending time at home on their computers rather than on the streets. He also proved that since people started school, success in school grades has increased dramatically. He thinks they've increased because instead @ ORGANIZATION1 students reading a long, boring article about someone or something can just search the internet for it. He said that using the internet also saves more time. My mother syas when she was younger, the computer gave her the opportunity to learn distant places. My mother said that the internet would also allow you to learn more about people's customs rather than reading books because some books have not been updated yet and you would also like to know more about their new customs . My mother thinks that using the computer has a positive effect on the world. @ CAPS1, you do a good job writing at your job. My friends say computers are useful, research has shown that computers have lowered the percentage of violence, I also think computers have a positive effect on us. I know you will agree with me when I say that having computers has a powerful effect on people, it makes their life easier.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 @ PERCENT2 people would agree that computers are useful and that having them helps to know the place better from afar. They also allow people to talk to other people online. Finally, computers are important people @ CAPS2 who work with them. there are several reasons why i think computers benefit our society. Do you know that computers give people the ability to learn about places faw away. Sometimes people don't know when they want to leave the country. With a computer, you can organize everything. Some people like my family like to go visit family in other places eg @ CAPS2, once my mom told me we were going on a trip to @ LOCATION1 to visit our family, she m 'said she already had the tickets on the computer. I was very happy when we went and saw how beautiful @ LOCATION1 is. Some people like to see new and beautiful places. Such as, @ LOCATION3, @ LOCATION2 and even @ LOCATION4. Let me explain how computers allow people to talk to other people online. Most people have myspace and it keeps kids my age in touch. Also, Facebook you can and the people you probably haven't seen in a long time. Example from @ CAPS2, I once searched Facebook and found my old best friend @ PERSON1. I was so happy because when she moved I thought I would never speak to her again. I'm @ PERCENT1 positive that everyone in this world has a yahoo you can find people really fast and talk to them. Would you believe that there are so many jobs and responsibilities that require you to have a computer. Like scientists, they must all have computers, otherwise they wouldn't be able to invoke all of the great things they are making. In addition, secretaries have assignment dates @ CAPS2 for their bosses. Example @ CAPS2, a secretary @ CAPS2 doctor must be able to give and change appointments. Finally, students who go to school and especially do collage without a computer, they will not be able to do their homework. Most people would agree that computers have a positive effect on people. @ CAPS2 the reasons they give the opportunity to learn more about faw away places, allow people to talk to other people online. Computers are very important to the people who work with them.
Dear Diary, @ CAPS1 being able to find information about anything with one hand. Computers benefit people because they can talk online with others. People also have the advantage of learning about faraway places. Finally, you are able to find a lot of information quickly and easily. Computers benefit society. Moreover, with computers, people can easily talk online with others. All @ ORGANIZATION1 students use the computer daily to video chat with friends or relatives via instant messaging ! @ ORGANIZATION2 discovered that computers brought families together because they could see each other virtually when someone was away. @ PERCENT1 from @ CAPS2 use their computers to talk with others online. You could see why computers are bad, but @ CAPS5 they benefit a lot of people every day. @ CAPS1 walking into a room where people get to know computers is helpful to @ CAPS6 as they can learn more about the premises. Computer says "Computers are information in a compact form" @ CAPS3 on @ CAPS4 people use the computer to learn about distant places. Lives @ LOCATION1 have discovered that using the computer to learn about distant places rather than using several, Some may use why books should be used, @ CAPS5 computers are. Finally, computers are awesome because they teach @ CAPS6 to be better, @ PERCENT2 people have found them after using the computer for an hour. @ PERSON2, @ PERSON1, says "The computer can help develop stronger reflexes." @ CAPS6 could see why the computer slows down reflexes, but @ CAPS5 they improve them. Computers are of great benefit to society. Computers help people talk online with others. People can also learn about faraway places. Finally, the computer strengthens hand-eye coordination
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 people use computers more ? No, they @ CAPS2 no longer use computers. Computers have many benefits for society, but they also have many negative effects on the people who use them. People spend more time on computers and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. First, people spend less time exercising. Most athletes need to stay fit and healthy to play this sport. I'm a wrestler and a baseball player, but if I don't spend time a day working out or staying active. I'll be out of shape and weaker once my game or my next game arrives. I'm sure Olympic athletes train and stay active on a daily basis so they can be stronger and faster than anyone else so I'm not sure why people sit at home in front of the computer all day. Second, people don't take the time to enjoy nature. Nature is one of the most beautiful things on this planet. Whether you are walking on a mountain or on a lake, nature is all around you. Personally, I like to hunt and fish. Every summer, @ DATE1, fall and sometimes winter, I take the time to get out, enjoy nature and have fun, just like many other people around the world. Not everyone who is sitting at home on the computer can take advantage of this gift that has been given to us. Third, people will not take the time to spend time with family or friends. If you use the computer all day, you can't go out and be active with your friends, or take a bike ride with your brother. If you're on the computer, you hang out with a family friend that could be used as a fishing trip or a walk in the woods. If you are not spending time with your family because of something you are doing on the computer, then you are just one person. You will not have anything of value in the life of your family and you @ CAPS2 will always be able to take the time. Finally, people @ CAPS2 use computers more ? No, they @ CAPS2 no longer use computers. Computers take the time to exercise, enjoy nature, and interact with family and friends. There are good things about computers, but the less time you spend on them the better for everyone.
@ ORGANIZATION1, Au @ DATE1, more and more the most recent technologies are presented to the public. Computers, @ CAPS1 bars, phones and more are getting the most high-tech software and machines at @ CAPS8, some of the most wonderful things are happening. Today there is a cell phone that lets you turn off the lights in your house thousands of miles away. This technology may be the best thing that has ever happened to the world. Some might say so, however. But I'm here to argue the @ CAPS2-sayers. With the new computers, people can talk to people all over the world. Dreams can also come true for people who never have the chance to follow @ CAPS3. In addition, the questions that were asked can now be answered. I have a number of cousins to @ LOCATION3 with whom I speak only if I visit @ CAPS3, which is very rare. Thanks to programs like @ or @ CAPS4 CAPS5 @ CAPS6 I can converse with cousins @ CAPS7. Some people say that @ ORGANIZATION2 can @ CAPS8 kids like me want to spend quality time with family @ CAPS7. Well @ CAPS7's brother is going to @ CAPS10 in six months and I'm going to want to talk to him. With phone companies haunting their customers with scary prices, the @ CAPS7 family won't want to stay on the phone with him for @ NUM1 hours and will have to cut their savings. On @ CAPS7 @ ORGANIZATION2, there is an app called i-chat which allows me to talk with @ CAPS7's brother and see him as if he was at home with me. @ CAPS7 dad discovered @ CAPS4 and decided to give it a try. As of now, he's reconnected with tons of his @ CAPS13 high school friends returning to the game. Maybe you can find a special friend that you almost forgot. Or you can find out what's going on with your sister who lives at @ LOCATION1. The @ ORGANIZATION2 also allows the less fortunate who can never afford a plane trip to discover a place they have always wanted to go. Internet offers virtual tours of places like @ LOCATION2 or even places @ LOCATION4- @ CAPS14 can be explored without leaving your home. Also @ CAPS15, a website with millions of videos, includes tutorials for dances, sports, tricks and more @ CAPS13, you don't have to break the bank for paid lessons. Another good thing about @ ORGANIZATION2 is that it offers mostly reliable information. Sorry, I was unable to complete the paragraph and conclusion @ NUM2.
Dear local newspaper, I heard that you are doing a poll to see if people believe in computers or not. Well i am someone who does that because they can talk to their family and friends on sites like facebook, myspace and goal. They can also exercise on the internet because if they go to youtube they can find different kinds of positions that they can do. Today more than @ NUM1 people use computers and it's like @ PERCENT1 adults and @ PERCENT2 children use computers, which means that today more and more children are participating in athletic sports. Adults use computers for their work capacity and in schools. In newspaper stores they need a computer just for typing the daily newspapers and if there is no press then how bad the guy is. Since people are coming home from anywhere, and they haven't had the daily newspaper, you can go online and watch it. For students, computers are so important to us because we can talk to our friends and when we need to search for something we just go to the internet. In some schools, they have very large books for different classes to take home. And it's bad for your back, so schools have released the books online. For those who love sports, you can search for your favorite team and see if they won this game of the week. There are also virtual sports games that you can play on the computer. When you first move out of town, you can go to Google and see where a good city is to live and a good school system that you would like your child to go to. But there is so much you can do online and on computers. So thank you for letting me help you with your decision.
Dear local newspaper, I just heard that people spend too much time on computers than with family and friends. No @ CAPS1 is not true, just listen to the reasons why in a computer you can find the people you are looking for. In addition, @ CAPS1 can always help you with something you need help with and you can do different types of activities. If you read on you'll see all the typical reasons I think people don't spend a lot of time on computers than with their families. (@ NUM1) @ CAPS2 The reason I think people don't spend a lot of time on the computer is because the computer can help you find a family member or friend. My second reason I think it's because you've never met this family member and want to get to know them. My last reason I think is because @ CAPS1 is truly someone you really love and need in your personal life. These are the reasons why I think they don't spend too much time on computers. (@ NUM2) @ CAPS3 The reason I think people don't spend too much time on computers is that @ CAPS1 can help you with many areas that you need help with. My second reason I think they don't spend too much time on computers is that you can do your homework and @ CAPS1 can help you with @ CAPS1. @ MONTH1 The last reason is if you find something really difficult that you don't know, @ CAPS1 helps you. (@ NUM3) @ CAPS4 I think people don't spend too much time on computers because you can do different kinds of activities. My second reason I think it's because when you're having a @ CAPS5 party and you need invitations, the computer can help. My last reason I think is because if you want to move to the state or country @ CAPS3 you can see the place on the website and then you can go. These are the reasons why I think the computer is very useful. (@ NUM4) Hope after reading all the typical computer reasons like @ CAPS1 can help you with a lot of things, you can search for people, and you can do different activities, which I really convinced you, too I hope you really liked and enjoyed reading my letter.
There have been debates over whether computers benefit or destroy society. Computers only help the growth of society. Computers allow people to interact with other people, see and discover other places and people, and teach hand-eye coordination. Computers help people more than they hurt them. First of all, computers allow people to meet and interact with other people. There are many popular websites that allow people to chat and communicate anytime. Before computers were invented to talk to someone, you had to meet them face to face, or send them a letter and wait a very long time for a response. Now users can just enter an email and click send. Just like that, their message is sent to another computer for others to read and enjoy. Another advanced computer technology that has developed is image sharing. All that one has to do to view and show their photos to everyone is done simply by plugging in a camera, uploading your photos to your computer, and posting them to a site like @ CAPS1 or @ CAPS2 bucket. Anyone in @ CAPS3 would say @ CAPS3 that computers are very useful. Second, computers are important because they give people the opportunity to learn and experience people and places that are new to them. In the old days, if you didn't have @ CAPS3 about something or someone, like a movie, you never @ MONTH1 about them. Computers have websites and searches like @ ORGANIZATION1, which allow you to type anything and instantly find all @ CAPS4 information and images or that topic. These technological advancements have given many people the general knowledge they really need @ MONTH1 in any given situation. If you missed the best part of one, you can easily go to a computer, research it and the importance of computers in everyday society. Finally, the hand-eye coordination of the computer which is vital in everyday life. Typing on a computer in his spare time is a skill that will be in demand everywhere. In fact, many @ MONTH1 employers hire you based on your keyboard skills, those who are qualified enough for @ MONTH1 even learn to type without looking at the keyboard. While computers are not meant to replace your friends, family, and @ CAPS5 air, they are very important tools that give you skills that you will use for the rest of your life. Anyone with a high level of education would see the benefits of using the computer. In conclusion, computers are essential to function properly in many situations. They allow you to chat and send photos to loved ones, learn about people and places far away than you @ MONTH1 and not @ CAPS3 on other things, and help you improve hand-eye coordination. Computers are very useful pieces of equipment.
Computers affect a lot of people. I fully support technological advances. I support this because computers can allow you to talk to people who are far away from you. Computers also teach hand-eye coordination. In addition, computers allow you to learn more about countries around the world. By reassembling everything, electronics should continue to progress. Say your best friend has moved to @ LOCATION4. You won't see her, but you can talk to her on the computer. Nowadays there are many websites that you can chat or you can also webcam chat like ovoo. For example, in seventh grade, I went from @ LOCATION1 to @ LOCATION2. I was so upset to leave my old friends. Turns out I was fine. I just made more friends when I moved. I would make plans with my friends chatting on Facebook. Therefore, computers help you a lot to keep in touch with your friends all over the world. Computers boost your skills for everything. Hand-eye coordination is the greatest skill that computers teach anyone. When you watch an adult type, most of them can type without looking at the keyboard. This is an example of hand-eye coordination. Hand-eye coordination is very useful in sports. In basketball you have to dribble and look ahead. Kind of like typing. As we can see, computers help with hand-eye coordination. Google gives you answers for everything. If you have some research to do, most people use Google and Google is on the computer. You can find out more about @ LOCATION3 or @ LOCATION4, you name it, you can type it into google and you can learn all about this country. For example, last year everyone had to choose a state and learn some things about it. Most people used computers. Computers are truly the best electronic devices in the world. There are many electronic devices that affect people. But it's the computers that affect people the most. Computers allow you to talk to your family and friends around the world. In addition, the computer teaches you hand-eye coordination skills. Finally, the computer teaches you about many countries. In conclusion, computers should be advanced.
Dear residents of @ LOCATION1, @ CAPS1 has drawn my attention to the fact that there has been some controversy over whether computers are a good thing and / or useful to society. I firmly believe that computers are a very useful resource that makes everyday life easier. Computers can help us in many ways, including making learning easier, helping students to be more successful in @ CAPS4, and being a great teaching tool. One of the reasons I support computers is that they make learning easier. You might ask hao a screen and keyboard can make learning easier, @ CAPS1 sounds crazy, but it's true! Let's say you are an intermediate @ CAPS4 student who has been assigned to write an article on a designated topic ; @ CAPS2 Instead of spending hours and hours looking for the right information in a library, you can just google the subject of your topic and @ CAPS3 ! You have exactly what you need to know in front of you in seconds, pretty cool, right ? Still don't think computers are useful ? What if I told you that @ CAPS1 allowed students to do better in @ CAPS4 ? That's right, computers allow students to do better in @ CAPS4. Websites like edline allow teachers to post their students' grades very quickly. How is this useful ? When you take a quiz, your traitor should grade on @ NUM1 quiz ! And with things like absences, weekends, and vacations, the day you pick up your quiz is still delayed. Sometimes kids don't get their quizzes for two weeks after taking them ! By the time you get @ CAPS1 @ CAPS1's time for a chapter test with @ PERCENT1 from your grade and you just found out that you didn't @ CAPS2 on any of the sections ! This reduces your ability to do @ CAPS2 on the test. But if your grade was posted on the internet a few days ago, you will have more time to study and know what to study, and you will do @ CAPS2 on the test. As you can see, computers are very useful for students, but are they also for teachers? The answer is yes, computers are a good teaching tool. Has this ever happened to you? No matter what your teacher explains to you, @ CAPS1 just seems to speak another language ? @ CAPS2 what if they show you a cool youtube video explaining @ CAPS1 ? Would you learn better with a visual in front of you? I would of course. Computers are also great for teachers as @ CAPS1 gives them the ability to email other teachers if something goes wrong and get the latest information on @ CAPS4 and what's going on. Do you understand why computers are useful now? Hope you realize how useful computers are because they make learning easier, allow students to do better in @ CAPS4, and are a great learning tool. These are just a few of the many reasons computers are useful and I hope you will continue to use them in our community.
@ ORGANIZATION1, computers have great benefits for our society. Whether it's because it helps people do their jobs. Or it allows people to communicate without phone numbers. Maybe that's because it helps students study. For all of these reasons, computers are of great benefit to our society. Have you ever had a paper assigned one day and due the next? If you think back to what helped you finish the document ? It was most likely a computer. In a recent @ PERCENT1 poll of college students say they wouldn't get the good grades they get if they didn't have a computer. But, computers don't just help students, they can also help adults in the work community. I know I have made friends over the years who have drifted away and lost touch with. With a computer, it is easier to find these people and start talking to them. With different types of programs, you could most likely find anyone. Whether @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3 or @ CAPS4. Nine in ten adults said they found many of their high school friends through computers. In addition, computers are a way for students to study. Students could find search engines and search for an article. Or they could play educational games. With a computer, if a student forgot their homework, they could most likely use a computer to find out what the job was. When I went to college to investigate, @ NUM1 students on @ NUM2 said they would check if it was on the computer before asking a friend. So, as you can see, computers have benefits for our society today. Three just happen to help people get their jobs done faster, they help you keep in touch with your friends, and they help students study.
I think computers have positive effects on people. People can find important news online, and you can connect with people you don't see often. Also, you can order anything in the online world. These are three reasons why I think computers have a positive effect on people. Computers let people know about important news. If there is a blizzard, people can find out ahead of time and stock up on food. If there is a burglar going around, people can find it and lock all the doors and windows. And by knowing all of this information, it helps people plan events, like birthdays. Finding important news is very useful and practical. And @ PERCENT1 people, are less of a disadvantage if they know the news. Another way that computers have a positive effect on people is by allowing them to connect with people they don't see often. This provides an easy way to share events that have taken place and just have some time to talk face to face. With video chat, you can show a newborn baby or a newborn baby. You can share whatever you want with people you barely see. Experts say friendships last longer if you talk to each other often. and with computers it is possible. A third way to help computers is to let you order anything in the online world. If you need a Japanese for someone in Ohio, you can order it online. If you are elderly and can no longer go to the grocery store, then you can order online. I've seen that people who can order everything online don't have to drive a lot, saving time, money, and gas. It's also very convenient and less stressful than waiting in line to purchase an item. These are just three ways that state-of-the-art computers have had a positive effect on people. is that you can discover important news, connect with people you don't see often, and you can order anything in the world, which is why I think computers have a positive effect on people. people.
Dear Local Newspaper, Computers have a huge positive effect on people. I support technological advances. It's @ DATE1 ; we should no longer be looking for information in books or writing everything by hand. Life just got easier for everyone. Anyone can use the computer to communicate with friends or family. We can learn things faster by using computers. Working citizens use computers to help them with important tasks ! Everything is done on the computer! Computers are an excellent source of communication. Having an @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 or @ CAPS3 account allows you to chat with people all over the world. It's much easier to talk to someone online for long periods of time because you won't have to pay for phane minutes ! Even @ CAPS4 chats are available to computer users. Having an @ ORGANIZATION1 or @ CAPS5 allows you to video chat with someone. It makes you feel like you're actually there in the room with you. If you have a close friend who has moved across the country, these means of communication would be very helpful ! You cannot have these accounts without a computer; therefore, we need computers! Computers have made our generation very intelligent. We can easily look up facts about anything on the computer. Now if there is something we are interested in we can just search it on google. In the past, we didn't want to look in a book, so we forgot about it. Kids can get homework help online if they're too shy to ask another person. At this point, we might even be taking college courses online ! Being able to attend college from home can be very helpful for some people. Computers help us in our education. Adults who go to work every day really need to use computers! people working in the medical field use computers to keep track of all of their patients. Now @ CAPS6 uses computers to organize lesson plans and print reminders for their students. Scientists use computers to research things for their experiments. Engineers use programs on computers to help design what they are going to build. Wvwn computers allow you to advertise your small business or business to the whole world. Computers have a really positive effect on employment in our society, which is good for our economy! Computers benefit us physically, mentally and socially. Certain computer games can improve our hand-eye coordination. We can learn a lot from computers ! They really make us smarter! Computers allow us to communicate with our friends and family from a distance. Sites like @ CAPS7- @ CAPS8 even give adults a chance to find their soul mate online! The positive effects of computers on people are endless, but we must learn not to take them for granted.
Dear Diary, I often think of the effect of technology on humans. The human race has discovered a lot, but our greatest breakthrough is technology. New machines are robots that are being built all the time, and our knowledge of machines and artificial minds is growing rapidly. The most used machine is the computer. People use it for all kinds of things, communication, awareness, learning, and entertainment. Some experts are concerned that people are spending too much time on computers, and they totally agree. Computers can be useful, but they are overused. People spend more time looking at the screen than exercising and interacting with friends and family. Computers are also not always reliable or secure. First of all, the biggest computer users are teenagers. Young adults spend hours on websites like @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, and @ CAPS3 communicating with their friends. At their young age, exercise is very important. Obesity in children due to lack of exercise is becoming very common, and this is because young people are glued to their computer screens. The average child needs @ NUM1 minutes of exercise per day, and many get very little. I say computers are okay, but only in small doses. The growing mind and body need movement and exercise. If internet use among children and adolescents is not reduced, there are concerns that there will be many more health problems in the future. Although it is very easy to communicate quickly over the Internet, sometimes it can do more harm than good. Children who spend hours at @ CAPS4 or emailing their peers spend less time with their families. I have heard parents say that they barely see their children because they always do their homework. In addition, the @ CAPS5 to @ CAPS5 conversations are fading. Thanks to the Internet, people no longer have to meet and talk, @ CAPS6 turns on their computers which is a waste of energy. Why not just go see your friend @ CAPS6 to type all day ? Finally, computers have as many disadvantages as they have advantages. There are a lot of dangers at @ LOCATION1. Online predators hide like many newcomers, and your personal information and identity can easily be stolen. The risk of any of these things happening is very high. Prevention is better than cure. So if you think about it, we really don't need computers to survive. You need to exercise, don't worry about chatting online. In addition, it is very important to interact and be part of your family, and less internet usage will reduce the risk of identity theft or any other problem or virus. It's your time now. Go out, chat @ CAPS5 to @ CAPS5 with a friend and the Internet with your family. You can be healthy, happy and safe without constantly typing on the keyboard.
Dear Diary, I think computers are a good thing, people use computers for business. Computers allow you to interact with people who are far away. They also allow you to do research. That's why I think computers are good. Computers can be used for many different things. They can be used for business. Some people work from home on computers. They can also be used to interact with distant people. You can interact with someone who you don't see on a daily basis. Computers can also be used for research. You can research a school project or other businesses you interact with. Computers are good. Some people use computers for business. You can also interact with people who are far away. You can even do research on a computer, which is why computers are good.
Dear local newspaper, I have been asked to write a letter stating @ CAPS5's opinion on the effects computers have on people. Some experts worry that people aren't spending enough time outdoors, but most people don't spend enough time outdoors, but most people support technological advancements. Meanwhile, computers are becoming more and more popular. They are very helpful in many ways. They allow you to learn new things, are great for school and work, and they can keep family and friends connected. Computers have a positive and useful effect on people. For starters, computers help you learn new things. If there is ever a question, no one knows the answer to "@ CAPS1 it!" @ CAPS1 as well as many other search engines are an easy way to find what you are looking for. For example, one day a few friends of the @ CAPS5 family came over for dinner. the discussion led to the question " who is @ CAPS6 playing @ CAPS3 in @ CAPS4 ?" " @ CAPS5 little sister typed" @ CAPS6 from @ CAPS3 in the movie the @ CAPS4 "and @ CAPS9! This is @ PERSON1. Just like that, computers help to get quick answers to questions. Computers also help you learn new things like typing. just learning how to work them is a new skill. A recent poll shows that @ PERCENT2 of people in nursing homes who learn to use the computer have much better brain function. However, there are much stronger reasons why computers have a positive effect on people. Additionally, computers help people with work and school. Computers help you send emails for work, create slideshows for presentations, and keep calendars so you can be organized and on time. @ PERCENT1 people use computers in one way or another to work.
To whomever @ MONTH1, I believe computers benefit society. Computers are a wonderful household item to have that makes life easier in so many ways. Computers allow everyday families to see new places, through photos online, and people, through the Internet. Computers also provide a social network across a community, state or even a country! Finally, a computer is another resort to try to accomplish something, because there is always something on the Internet that will help you. There is a famous quote that says "the greatest coin in the world is the possibility of improvement". In my opinion, computers could make this room a little smaller. While experts say computers force people to spend too much time indoors and not too much time seeing nature's wonders outdoors, the computer can prove them wrong. The Internet is a vast ocean of images, words and sounds. The computer is the element that organizes it, for your entertainment. There is a picture of just about anything imaginable on the Internet; from the palm-shaped islands of @ LOCATION1, to the frozen tundra of @ CAPS1 in @ LOCATION3. You can see penguins in the southern ice cap and rice fields of @ LOCATION2 from a bird's eye view just by moving your fingers. It is also possible not only to see places, but also to see people from afar ! Today, people email each other photos. People actually share their memories with each other, thanks for the computer. I hope what I just explained now helps me do my. Computers are only there to make our lives. Imagine talking to your friends, not having a single one with him that leaves your room. It would be fifty or seventy @ DATE1 impossibility or even, but it is that people's social relationships have grown considerably by half and it has only allowed people to get up to speed with their family and friends. I will always be a positive thing, using it this right way. Having your home to individually tell your friend about your time at Disney World is such a hurry. If you simply put the images on a social networking system, like Facebook or Twitter, the memories will be stored through, literally, the clicks of the abortion. Memories are shared through the social networking capability of the computer. Planning a vacation is hard work to do, but what if it could all take place in our sport? Entire vacations can be planned, confirmed and paid for using the computer. Jobs that would normally take hours of searching and calling can be done in minuets @ DATE1 for less computer use. It gives people more time to have fun with their lives and not have to worry about planning. Computers allow people to compress hours of work into minutes. Experts say computers take people's lives "I don't agree because people are new places or new people, social networks are more advanced, and time that could have been spent on planning is now lived.
Dear local newspaper, This is a letter on my thoughts on the effects of computers. I think computers are great, you can interact with your family and friends, learn about things that are going on in the world and it might help you with your schoolwork. First of all I would like to say that you can interact with your family and friends. You can just go to facebook, @ CAPS1, or myspace and talk, upload photos, and comment on other people's things. You can also join many groups, which allows you to talk to other people and meet new friends. You can also interact with your family if they have a facebook or @ CAPS1. The second reason that computers aren't bad is that there are a lot of websites where you can find different information like science, math, history, and all that stuff. There are a lot of different subjects that you can learn. You can find information ranging from the weather to the origin of your family history. My final reasoning for thinking this way is that many kids do their homework on computers and if people say computers are bad then parents are not going to allow them to use the computer for educational purposes like homework and projects. There are many other reasons that computers have a positive effect on people. But interacting with family and friends, learning about the world, and your education depend on computers.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, The era of the computer is upon us. Everywhere you go you will see people with laptops or other portable computing devices. Although some people dislike the massive use of computers around the world, I happen to disagree, I think the computer is a great @ CAPS5 for broadcasting and finding information. I also think it is good @ CAPS5 for people to communicate with family and friends who live far away. Finally, I think computers give us fun activities, entertainment and a @ CAPS5 to relax. What to do when you want to know what is the capital of @ LOCATION3? Either you take out the old atlas, or, with a simple click of a button on the computer, discover that the capital is @ LOCATION4. What I mean is that with computers finding information is quick and easy. In addition, with computers, you can share information as well as receive it. Let's say you are not a doctor but have found a cure for the common cold using products that are found in every home. What do you do? Well, you can go to the media and do interview after conference after interview, or you can just post it on @ CAPS1. It is clear that the computer is not important in the process of exchanging information. "I'm sorry @ PERSON2, but we can't go to @ LOCATION1 to see @ CAPS2 @ PERSON1. We don't have enough money." I think everyone has heard a variation of this line at least once. But here's the computer to the rescue! With @ CAPS2 @ PERSON1 computers at the @ LOCATION2 level, just one click (and / or the screen) is enough. By using webcams, you can talk to anyone across the world without having to worry about high flight costs! No webcam? No problem! You can send a message to someone far away via email or instant messaging. Say " goodbye " to expensive car trips, long phone bills, or years of seeing a loved one. Computers are not only tools that are strictly used, computers can also be used for any purpose. In other words, computers can be used for fun! How exactly does the manufacturing of computers have a creative effect on society ? I'll tell you how. Many @ CAPS4 are workaholics, also known as the people who wage war on @ CAPS5 too much. After a long day signing papers and fiddling with a budget, wouldn't it be nice to sit down and play alone ? It's possible with a computer, and you don't even need a deck of cards! Computers are full of fun games, like solitaire and chess. These games are a great @ CAPS5 for helping people relax, and trust me, everyone needs relaxation. Having downtime can really help someone be a healthier, happier person ! Aren't computers great ? They can allow us to exchange information, talk to family and friends around the world (without a big pore tag), and they provide us with entertainment. So, not everyone might like the effect of computers on the public, please reconsider. Computers are truly a useful, fun, and useful tool in society.
Dear local newspaper, I think computers have an effect on people because first of all they give people the possibility to learn from far away places. Second, it allows people to chat online with friends. Third, offer online games to small children. Finally, you can watch videos which can teach you all kinds of exotic things. My first reason why I think computers have an effect on people is that they give people the opportunity to learn from far away places. For example, if I want to go to @ LOCATION4 for the @ DATE1 and I don't know anything about where I can go online and search, I can search for their foods, their culture, their villages and even their landscapes. Also, computer is good for book reporting if your teacher told you to do book report on @ LOCATION5 instead of going to your textbooks, goion line allows you to research their culture, food , their location, how is there an economy like, what kinds of schools the kids go to, what kinds of festivals they organize, etc. My second reason that computers have an impact on people is that they allow people to talk online with other people whenever they want. For example, there are @ NUM1 things that let you talk on the computer and it's @ CAPS1, and @ CAPS2 these two let you talk to friends who live far away from you, my friend lives in @ LOCATION1 and I live at @ LOCATION2 we don't have cell phones so we go online to either @ CAPS1 or @ CAPS2 "that's not great" !!. The computer also allows you to talk from remote locations, such as if you live at @ LOCATION3, you can talk to someone else at @ LOCATION6. My third reason I think computers have an effect on people is that they provide online games for little children. For example, when I say games, I mean educational games like reading games, math games, writing games, etc. Statistics show that @ PERCENT2 to @ PERCENT1 of children learn more things on the computer than they learn at school than a huge percentage even for children. Also when kids play computer games it's more fun for them than sitting in class all day like my little one
Dear Diary, @ CAPS1 don't you like going to your computer? @ CAPS1 don't you do a lot ? Well I think they are having a positive effect on people. I totally agree that computers have a positive effect on our society. These are my three reasons; you can chat online with friends and family, help people research projects, and help people with everyday tasks. So please keep reading the local newspaper and I will change my mind about the effects of computers on people. Do you have family or friends who @ CAPS1 do not live here that you want to stay in touch with ? Using the computer for email or a chat site like Facebook will do this. I have cousins who live @ LOCATION2. The only way my family can keep in touch with them without spending any money is through email. My mom and her sister email each other all the time. If you ask me, I think it is a positive effect of computers. Have you ever researched anything using a computer ? I knew I had! For a school project at @ CAPS2, I had to do some research on @ LOCATION1. I did all of my research on a computer. I have an A +! I wouldn't have gotten this grade if I hadn't used the computer for research. Do you use a computer at work? Well even if you don't @ CAPS1, I know a lot of people who do. For example, my father uses a computer most of the day he is at work. He is @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4, which means he managed portfolios. He should use @ ORGANIZATION1 to check the stock chart. Another example is my mother, a teacher, who uses the computer to email parents if the student needs help or wakes up. So, as you can see, computers have good effects on our society. Here are my reasons : you can chat online with your friends and family, help people research projects, and help people research projects, and help people find jobs in life. daily. I hope you will agree that computers have a positive effect on our society. Say yes to computers good effect!
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, I am aware that some people think that computers have a negative effect on others, but I think it is the opposite. Computers have completely changed the world. People can save work on themselves, visually experience things they've never seen before, or even catch up with old buddies. In my opinion, computers have a positive effect on people. With computers, you can create documents, pictures, and even movies that will stay on your computer forever. What about your newspaper business? Does someone hand write every piece of paper that comes out? Without computers, hundreds of copies of your journal could not be made every day. Not to mention, what if you weren't using computers and a fire happened? All your hard work will be turned to ashes, but if it was on the computer, you can get it back. You can save anything on a computer. Another reason computers have such a positive effect on people is that, thanks to the internet, you can visually experience places or things that you couldn't before. If I had to book a vacation, I wouldn't just trust a book, I wouldn't use the computer to view photos, videos, or hundreds of other items that I couldn't see anywhere else. This goes for everything else like furniture, instruments or even clothing. Computers offer alternative views that books do not. Not only can computers save data and give you visuals, but they also give you the opportunity to catch up with old friends, relatives or even meet new people! Instead of endlessly searching through phone books, you can just type in their name and you're bound to find it somewhere on the Internet. Popular websites like @ CAPS1 make this extremely easy. When my dad was looking for his childhood friend he typed his name on @ CAPS1 and ended up calling him @ NUM1 minutes later! It wouldn't have been possible without computers. Computers are really having a positive effect on people everywhere without them, a lot would not be possible today. I hope others will agree with me too.
Dear Local Newspaper, In @ CAPS1's opinion, I think those who make computers should make up some added time for computers. There should be a law requiring people to go out and exercise before and after and then use computers. Finally, I think children should use fewer computers than adults for health reasons. @ CAPS1 first opinion that I think those who make computers should add timers to computers to time the time people should take based on what they're doing when someone is playing a game they spend hours on end. play instead of doing a different activity. Also, like when a person does their homework at home, they start to get carried away taking their time slowly and end up very badly. @ CAPS1 second opinion I think those who make computers should have a law that people should go out and exercise before and after using a computer because there is a large percentage of people who are obedient because that everyone is sitting in the computer seat and start eating while they play games and watch videos for hours and don't take a break to go out and @ CAPS1 third and final opinion I think that those who make computers should make children use the computer less than adults for The health reason is that children always look at computers and their eyes always turn red and then they start not seeing too although before then they end up needing glasses or better eyeglasses. Also, because kids usually go to chat rooms and start talking to people they don't know, so they end up getting raped or kidnapped by the person they've been going to talk to for hours on end. . So, will the local newspaper make this change for society and for children? Because I would!
I think computers help people in their everyday life. They make it so much easier. Computers help us find the @ CAPS2 information we need. Book hotels and airliners, they even allow us to interact with our friends. Yes, it may take a while to do other things like exercise, but we can learn to do both. Every day I would go to the computer a bit, then I would go outside for an hour to play basketball. People just need to find a way out. Computers are useful if you need to find information on anything. All you have to do is type whatever you want, and within seconds you have hundreds of different links for your desire. For example, if you are at school @ CAPS1 and deciding which college you should attend, try the perfect place where you can get information. All over the world, people do this just about every day. This is also a great place if you need information if you are doing a project in school and need more information on your subject @ CAPS2 I say that makes it a lot easier there No better example is a hotel reservation or the purchase of an airplane ticket. Both of these things are done on a computer, because if not, you have a good chance of being at that time. If we didn't have computers you would need to go to the hotel and get a room, and if there was no room you are out of luck. On a computer it will say whether they have any or not, you would need @ CAPS3 tickets that would have exactly the same. The computer says @ CAPS2 that there are flights available to your destination and how many. So @ CAPS2 you go to the airport you are not surprised. Another great reason the computer is good for people is that it helps you interact with your friends and family @ CAPS2, you can't see them. There are so many different ways to do it. On @ CAPS4, @ CAPS5, myspace. All websites like this help you keep in touch with all your friends. Even now they have something where you can actually see the person you're talking to through the computer. So if you don't have a chance to see each other anytime soon, then you can talk to them. I even do this with my brother, he's in college and I don't see him much so I just start chatting with him on the computer. These are some of the reasons I think computers are an integral part of our lives. Things like finding information and booking hotels, planes, etc. All of them sometimes help to make our lives much easier. And talking with other people makes us happy. Now I hope you see why computers are such a big part of all of our lives.
Dear local newspaper, I believe people should stick with computers. I have three reasons for this problem and they are @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 and @ CAPS3. I think these reasons would be good for this problem because every human being can do these three on one computer. One of the reasons I think people should stay on computers is because they can learn. People can learn using computers because if a child is into something like animals. They can go on the internet and research what they need to find that kids can also learn on the computer by putting their jump stats in the reader. children can learn like this. My second reason why people should be using stay on computers us @ CAPS2. I think of @ CAPS2 because you can tell your friends about it. They can also chat if they want to have fun. For example even good exercise. Another reason I think @ CAPS2 is if your friend is explaining something to you, than your. I also think that @ CAPS2 can be used for others to a and. The last reason I think people should stick with the computer is because people can discover different things there, these things can be obtained and some can be good. For example, a good thing that I can find out is if there is something wrong with my computer and I figure out how to fix it, that would be good. And I will know about computers and man what to do. One bad thing about @ CAPS3 the computer that I can do is pop up a virus. It knows no matter what I do, I can't make it go away and the computer crashes eventually. Conclusion, local newspaper is why I believe we should keep our computers. Because a lot of people, even young children, can learn and eventually they will remember the things they have learned.
Dear city of southing ton, Computers in our city are very important for example. For all banks we have computers and for almost all jobs. We need computers for life, and that doesn't make us lazy and forgetful, it makes us busy. The only situation where someone who is online is lazy is with a teenager who is playing games. But the only reason some kids do it is because not all of them want to go for a exercise or run with their family that they see every day. But because they want to talk to their friends, make plans and talk while they play together. If someone is ignoring their family or getting lazier, it's because it's their choice to sit down and do nothing. And I agree that people gain weight, but I think that's because some people consider a workout to be an hour of lifting and running once a week. And that's good @ CAPS1. I think this newspaper should have some gym ads and maybe it will lower the fat counter in our city. or if they think people are neglecting their families, ask people to work less so they can go home and see their families. When it comes to teens, I think you parents need to set rules like @ NUM1 hours of play per day, @ NUM2 hours a @ DATE1, and if they don't listen @ CAPS1 take the game away for a day of two, but that might not get them spending time with you because they @ MONTH1 are angry, but it will get them outside or at least doing something more active and not watch @ CAPS1.V. or play video games all day. I also know this from experience because I'm a teenager and I always go outside and run when my parents take my games away, and it's @ PERSON1 from homeworld. Please take my advice and your caring, happy family will always stay together and active and not always be sitting at the computer stressful at work and playing video games.
Dear Journal @ CAPS1, I, a member of the public, am writing a letter to let you know what I think about if people are spending too much time on the computer. My first idea is that sometimes people spend too much time on the computer than usual. This is a problem because some people have started to lose weight and lose control over their eating habits. My second idea is that computers do a lot of things for us. But there are still many things that a computer cannot teach us to do. Computers are therefore useful but they can't always find something to do outside, which is sometimes different with a computer. My last and final idea is for people to get attached to their computers and lose sight of what really matters, like exercise and fitness. Then people get angry when their computer crashes and forget how to do things because they are still on the computer. And these are my thoughts on the subject of whether people spend too much time on the computer but not so much time with their friends and family.
Dear @ LOCATION1, I want you to imagine it is a beautiful day @ DATE1. The birds are chirping, the smell of the beautiful flowers fills the air, but instead of playing outside with your neighbors, you are indoors trying to master the unbeatable game on the computer. Computers have had a negative impact on today's society. When people get engrossed in what they @ MONTH1 is doing on the computer they get very lazy, they lose motivation to go out and exercise, people also lose interest in helping the community. This is why computers have a negative impact on society today. Statistics show that @ PERCENT1 of people would rather stay on the computer than go out and help and work in their neighborhood. Computers have had such a negative impact that people want to stay glued to their chairs with their eyes riveted on their monitors. Yes, computers have a lot to do with a lot of technical advancements, but at what cost do these technological advancements come? Many children become obese and lack the motivation to leave their rooms without a computer. Computers make society very lazy, which is why they have a negative impact on us. Computers have also caused society to lack the motivation to exercise. A very close family friend was very obese. She was lazy and never wanted to exercise. Instead of going out and doing something, she sat in her bedroom on Facebook for weeks. While the computer wasn't the one that made her obese, it was used like many to hide behind real issues. It's sad when @ PERCENT2 of teens say they would rather stay indoors on myspace than go jogging outside. Yes its real computers help you learn things @ MONTH1 never knew before, but so do books, newspapers and magazines. Computers have had a negative impact on society. Helping in your community offers many opportunities to meet new people and to feel a sense of accomplishment. But the urge to stay on the computer clouds your better judgment. I know I'd rather help the elementary school across the street build a new garden than stay indoors on Twitter. If you're searching the web, how will you know if the old lady across the street needs help with her groceries ? Helping around your community lets people know you care about what's going on. So don't let the computer have another second of your time. Computers have had a negative impact on society. Both teenagers and adults have become very lazy. They lack motivation to exercise, as well as help around the community. Now it's your turn not to just mindlessly staring at your computer screen. Go out and throw the ball with the neighbors dog. You have heard the facts now make the right decision.
Dear @ LOCATION1 Newspapers and Readers, I am @ PERSON1, a student of @ ORGANIZATION1, I recently learned about the computer use argument and think that is silly. We need computers in life to help us with homework, to communicate with family or friends who travel the world, and to do homework research. First of all, without a computer, many people would have a hard time. My dad uses a computer for his job and he couldn't do his job without one. Of course, many people spend way too much time on their computer, but others use it to store information or search for research. I know people argue that computers should be used less, but could you go a week without using a single computer ? Most people couldn't, especially if you are a business owner. Additionally, while using computers for work, some people like to chat online with a friend who is walking away. Imagine if a family member or friend was constantly traveling and going to places where they couldn't connect with their cell phone, the only way to talk to them is to chat on the web. I'm sure everyone has used a computer once to talk to a friend or for something business related so they are more useful than people think. Finally, as children, we must be able to use a computer, not only to talk to friends, but also to do our homework. Some homework requires us to do powerpoints, write an article on historical facts, and we need computers to do this. Without computers, children would not be able to gather facts or information to write an article. Decreased computer use by children has the potential to lower their grades. My teacher always says, “ Grades are the most important thing. " I'm sure all parents would agree with that. Overall, we cannot reduce the use of computers because it can affect people's lives. Think about people who travel a lot, kids with work to do, and parents who have jobs that they need computers for, don't bother all of these people by cutting down on the time spent on the computer. Thank you for your time,
Knoleg is one of humanity's greatest quests, always trying to figure out how and why things happen. @ CAPS1 to this natural circumstance, we made incredible advancements in technology @ NUM1 years ago, what seemed like impossible is now possible. And one that many thought was impossible was to find whatever you want in just a few seconds. I think computers are a great evil for society because, you can learn about the world in the blink of an eye, let you talk to people all over the world and @ CAPS5 gives you better hand-eye coordination . The number one reason that I think computers are a great modern society is that we can instantly learn about foreign countries. @ NUM1 years ago the only way to learn more about distant places was to read it in a newspaper, many of which didn't tell you about distant lands. Now with the internet we can learn all over the world what is going on, what you want to know. "@ CAPS1 to our modern technicians, people are now more informed about the rest of the world than ever before." said @ PERSON3, a @ CAPS2 expert from the @ ORGANIZATION2 university of @ CAPS2. "The @ CAPS4 computers and the ability to collect @ CAPS7 information with ease compared to @ NUM1 years ago." @ CAPS5 @ CAPS9 computers we wouldn't have known about the recent earthquake in @ CAPS6. @ CAPS5 with computers, we can now talk instantly with people on the internet. A century ago, talking to people instantly seemed nearly impossible. But @ CAPS1 to technology, this thing is an average part of our lives. “@ CAPS7 many of our advancements and decisions are made as we speak online, even some of the world's greatest leaders are making tough decisions because of these advancements,” said @ PERSON1, a reporter for the new @ CAPS8 Times . "@ CAPS9 this technology, many decisions made in @ LOCATION1 and @ CAPS10 would not be made and many welds would die as a result." @ CAPS11 The last reason I support this decision is that they help you learn hand-eye coordination. One of the ways that computers teach hand-eye coordination is through video games and simulations. In video games, people force you @ CAPS7 to react to motion notes in order to complete your goal. In @ ORGANIZATION1, computer simulations teach soldiers how to react to many different situations. As a result of these situations, many sleds learned to serve in combat and to save many of their comrades. “The simulations we have invested in have improved combat effectiveness by more than @ PERCENT1,” said General @ PERSON2 of @ LOCATION2 @ CAPS12. "@ CAPS9, these simulations, many more American lives have been lost in recent wars." @ CAPS14 Now that you've heard all of @ CAPS11's answers on why I support computers. Hope you are much more informed on this topic @ CAPS9 computers, we wouldn't be able to learn more about the wild lands, talk to people instantly, or have such good hand-eye coordination. Hope everyone sees the @ CAPS11 responses for PC support.
Dear @ LOCATION1, @ CAPS1, all of you @ MONTH1 know that many people in our town have argued over computers. Some people are proficient in using computers and some not so much. In my opinion, computers are a great technology @ CAPS2. One of the ways that computers benefit our society is the ability to access a lot of information, images and news. You can also chat with @ CAPS2 or old friends. Another good thing about computers is that you can also have fun on the web, watch movies, and even go shopping. Have you ever done a report on a faraway country? Maybe you've never heard of @ LOCATION2 or @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3. So what do you do ? Search the web! Instead of wandering around the library, just search for one of the many search engines such as @ CAPS1 @ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS4, @ ORGANIZATION2 or @ CAPS5 ! @ PERCENT1 today people have at least one or two computers in their homes. @ PERCENT2 people can access the web on their mobile phones ! Can you believe this? The photos are also available on the web. You can @ CAPS12 just about anything in the image search engine. Have you ever read the news in our country or elsewhere? On some cities you can broadcast live news feeds or an article about something @ CAPS2 such as @ CAPS1 the earthquake at @ LOCATION4 that happened recently. The Internet benefits our society today. Aim is just one of the many private chat rooms available to people. On these open chat rooms, you can talk to people who are thousands of miles away. “I was on @ CAPS6 looking for my friend @ CAPS7 and found her page before this year. Comments @ LOCATION3 avid @ CAPS6 user. Dating quotes are now also available. There you can meet people @ CAPS2 and develop a relationship with them. Entertainment is all over the internet. You can play a variety of games, watch missed episodes of your favorite show @ CAPS8.V, stream movies live, watch videos on @ CAPS9 and much more ! Many people think that only unnecessary games on the computer, but there are fun educational games such as @ @ CAPS1 CAPS1 CAPS10 @ @ @ CAPS12 CAPS11 and to learn. Did Do you know that over @ PERCENT3 of purchases of auto parts and other items are bought at auction like @ CAPS1 on ebay and amazon ? I remember a time when my dad and I were going to see or film but we weren't @ CAPS8 sure that what was playing or at what the hour they started. So we just looked on the cinema website. So now you now where I stand on the issue of computers. Computers are a great point of reference, can allow you to chat with
@ ORGANIZATION1, In @ DATE1, computers have kinds of help. Computers are everywhere in schools, homes, and businesses on a @ CAPS1. They help people in a number of ways depending on what the person wants to do. The way I use my computer is to keep in touch with my friends, family, and that also helps me with my schoolwork. I lived for @ NUM1 @ DATE1 and have lived in @ NUM2 different states : @ LOCATION3, @ LOCATION1, @ LOCATION2 and now @ CAPS2 you would think I would have had a lot of friends living in so many places. How can I stay in touch with those you use @ MONTH1 ? I am using miscellaneous and @ CAPS3. If you got rid of the computers, I wouldn't be able to keep in touch with them. Moving from place to place was a very difficult and sad thing for me to do. Another hard thing for me to do was get away from my family, but thanks to technology and computers, I keep in touch with them. Imagine you haven't seen your family in @ NUM3 @ DATE1, well unfortunately it's my life so birthday @ CAPS4 all the family you can see it's your parents. School is another great example of society benefiting from the computers that students and teachers use every day to learn. In my opinion, learning is the best thing. A friend of mine, @ PERSON1, said this about the Dell computers we use in the @ CAPS4 library. You never get anything out of what we learned in the @ CAPS5 class that day. I use computers to understand it better. Computers are a great way to research a topic, and that's why you shouldn't get rid of them. I use computers every day for two reasons for school, research, or writing a project for one of my classes. Every day I spend at least @ NUM4 writing something for school. Computers help reduce the time spent writing it because it is quick and easy to type something, like an article @ CAPS6 on how to persuade the reader. Ultimately, computers are something I need in life because it makes life easier. If I were to message some of my friends at @ LOCATION2 via @ CAPS7 it would take a few seconds. Instead, if I were to use @ ORGANIZATION2 it would take days. A life without computers is much more difficult to do, which we cannot simplify with computers "
In my opinion, I think computers have a good effect on people. I think this is because about millions of people use computers every day! The effect on them is that people learn things more easily. There are millions of job boards that have something to do with learning. About @ NUM1 collage students go online and challenge. If you were a collage student doing online collage you would have : Plus they even make stone which is very popular for learning a different language and where you learn this on a computer from. My second reason is to talk about. About @ NUM2 from our daily life! Phone online you and you can also cool them even more than you have to give. I know having a facebook account doesn't think it would be a good chore. free. So in conclusion I think there are good effects on people who use the cpu. Moreover, when everyone who uses their processor, they always take advantage of nature to talk to their family. So if you don't have a processor you get one and do some other fun things that you love.
The @ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS1 computers were invented, they have grown so much that many @ ORGANIZATION1 people are using them more. More and more people are using computers, but not everyone agrees that it benefits society. Those who support technological advancements believe that computers have a positive effect on people, but there are also negative effects. I believe that computers have a negative effect on people because people spend too much time on the computer ; not exercising, there is a lot of danger and less interaction with family and friends. First of all @ ORGANIZATION1, a negative effect of computers on people is that they spend too much time on the computer and this leads to less exercise. Recently @ CAPS3 spoke to a local @ CAPS2 about this issue and she spoke out, @ CAPS3 has a family computer and my son is the one who is always on it right after school until late at night. too much on a computer. I have to understand that I personally sit at my computer sometimes and don't even realize that two hours have passed. I'm trying to cut down on the time spent on my computer, but it doesn't really work. Sitting on the computer for hours every day also means exercising. The hours spent on the computer may be the time that you exercise. Someone's health is very important now. Spending too much time on the computer and not exercising is a major negative effect that computers have on people. Second, the parents who worry the most about computers @ ORGANIZATION1 are the many dangers which is another negative effect it has on people. Recently the most important new site is Facebook. So many people are addicted to it. Although this is not the case this safe all the time. Another new thing is oovoo or skype, which allows you to talk to someone using webcam. There may come a time when a teenager “meets” someone online and agrees to do things on the webcam for someone they don't really know how to see. These sites are not safe and knowing that young people may be in danger. @ CAPS3 has spoken to some researchers about this and they would agree that these sites are @ PERCENT1 dangerous for young teens. All of these dangerous risks are another negative effect that computers have on people. Finally, another negative effect of computers on people is that there is less interaction with family and friends. Instead, @ ORGANIZATION1 gets together with a friend, people just go to the computer to talk. It is not the same as a real meeting. I really like family celebrations. Seeing all my aunts, uncles and cousins is so much better and fun. I email my family and friends when I can't see them, but get excited when @ CAPS3 gets together. Now someday it's not like that for a lot of people at @ ORGANIZATION1. A lot of people work long hours and spend too much time on the computer, which takes time to interact with others, and that should be more important. The computer also has a negative effect on people who interact with their family and friends. In conclusion, I see computers as a negative effect on people. Computers make people spend a lot of time @ ORGANIZATION1 presents dangerous risks and takes away interaction time. I strongly suggest you review my terms. "
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, I have been informed that recently people are questioning the use of computers. Some say that computers have negative effects on people when they use them, but I personally disagree with this statement. I believe that computers in today's society have created an atmosphere of learning, communication, and an ideal amount of creative fun. Computers are changing the way people live every day. This technology is the basis of our future, and our future has evolved around our computers. People learn to become better at things, to be aware of what is going on, and to gain the knowledge that may help them be successful in life. Computers will access the information people want to know, whether it's learning how it dances on youtube.com, finding out about a possible vacation spot your family might visit, or researching a topic for a school newspaper. : computers have it all. It is right at home, so there is no need to drive to the library and wait for a book with the right research skills, almost anyone can find the exact information they are looking for. . Computers help people who want to learn. Being a popular used computer has been important in making it the best it can be. Whether that means a faster internet connection, searching for books, or more websites, a computer has it all. Before phones were invented, people struggled to have a reliable source of communication where communication is important as it is the primary source of communication. Via the computer, @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, and email are easy and guaranteed ways to talk to everyone. With the click of a mouse, a person can talk to their best friend as if they were right next to them. Communication plays an important role for a civilization or a society. It makes life so much easier without creating a place where people get lazy. Talking to people using the computer has become easier and more reliable than ever. People can email their teachers if they have a question for their homework, people can check their grades online, and people can talk to their friends and family about whatever they want whenever they want. want. So we, the people, say the computer. If a sibling is away from college, their @ CAPS3, when a family is reunited, they might, as new things are discovered every day through the computer. can come to a person in many ways. A computer can emphasize that fun is never a bad thing. Computers offer video games, learning games and games that bring creativity. This technology allows people to have an open mind with everything. This allows them to have fun but at the same time learn something about the world or even about themselves. Sometimes computers can trick people into doing something like forming a group to improve the environment or running around their block. Even if the computer is inside, fun and creativity can be present when a person wants it. Computers expand a person's knowledge, allow them to communicate, and create a whole new fun word. Research topics are easily accessible via a computer. Communicating with others makes life easier and having fun while inspiring people everywhere makes computers have a totally positive effect on people. It creates a new atmosphere of enjoyment of different things. Computers affect people the most and I don't know why some people doubt its wonderful ways of inducing people into the environment.
Dear local newspaper @ CAPS1, I am against computers benefiting society anyway. Yes, computers are a great way to learn things all over the world, but people have to be concerned with what's right in front of them. Being on the computer all the time results in less time for exercising, not enjoying nature, and less time for interacting with family and friends. Computers don't benefit everyone because they give you less time to exercise. When people aren't exercising because they're busy always doing something less important, then you'd still be tired. You won't want to do anything other than sit down and do nothing that calls for laziness, you would become weak without exercise. You wouldn't have the strength to eat or lift anything that weakens your bones, and you wouldn't get the calories, calcium, and vitamins your body needs to be strong. You would gain weight, which would force you to be out of shape. Since your body does not exercise, the weight and fat remain. Being on the computer doesn't help you enjoy nature the way you are supposed to. You will never see the world as it is. You will always miss out on fun things to do and then when people start to say how much fun they had you will wish you were there. And you will always be stuck in the house which is going to get boring and there is nothing fun to do. If you are always on your laptop, you will never be interacting with your family and friends. It is above all and always more important than computers, because they will always be there for you. You will miss important and fun occasions with your family because you are so addicted to the computer. And your friends will stop being with you because you don't hang out with them. Computers really don't benefit ordinary people because you miss out on the greatest things in life. You will miss exercise, nature and especially family and friends. So you are going to wish you spent time with them instead of the computer because you are going to see that they had a good time and you would like to have a good time too!
Are Computers Really Benefiting Society? It has been a delicate question for years. Some people say that computers are a great help and that they allow us to see the world from a different perspective; we are learning more from computers and this vast increase in technology. Although others say computers are addictive, this is the unsafe and insecure machine @ CAPS2 to use, especially when it contains many personal files when connected to the internet. Additionally, people are spending more time than ever on a computer, missing family and friends, not being able to enjoy nature and the other simple things in life. Besides, if you want my honest opinion, computers should only be used as tools. “ The point is, a lot of people think of computers as personal journals or something to save files to or even something to play games on, ” @ PERSON2 explains. "They ignore the most important fact that computers are only used to make life easier." This is really what computers are made for, help us. It can be as simple as a @ CAPS1 (@ ORGANIZATION1) or as complex as a supercomputer, but it always only serves to make life easier. Even if you were to try to upgrade a computer, it would still serve the same purpose, but people still think of it as if it's always the next big thing in entertainment. A lot of people might not even know it yet, but the computer can turn you on and really ruin your life. Ever since @ PERSON1 made @ ORGANIZATION2 the popular @ CAPS2 @ ORGANIZATION1 @ ORGANIZATION1 disc, people use computers a lot. Just because he created the fastest computer ever. This is because @ ORGANIZATION2 sells worldwide ; for businesses, small businesses, schools, even in entertainment. A few years ago they created something called the xbox @ NUM1. He revolutionized both gaming and the way people view gaming. But what's the problem here? The problem is, because of @ ORGANIZATION2 people are now more addicted to entertainment. When this happens, people will start to become addicted to computers. It's not that @ ORGANIZATION2 did something wrong, but the fact that since @ CAPS2 computers have the Internet, people who depend on computers will have a hard time avoiding being hacked or worse having all of their stuff stolen. information. There's this thing about computers that stays constant. Family and friends will have a hard time talking to a loved one when they are spending all of their time on computers. It makes communication difficult, and like I said before, it's very addicting. "@ CAPS2 people who don't have real friends will chat with people online without knowing who they really are." says @ CAPS3 @ PERSON3. Making friends online is the dangerous thing @ CAPS2 to do on a computer. More than @ PERCENT1 of people online are not who they say they are and people often break up with their real friends just to find that new "friend" they made. So remember, even though computers are
Dear @ LOCATION2, @ CAPS1 is the @ CAPS2 dilemant that some people support computer technology and some don't. I firmly believe that having computers generally has a positive effect. This is because many jobs use them every day and it is very effective for them. Additionally, having computers allows people to connect with other people, modify things that other technologies cannot, and play fun games, the @ CAPS3 effect that computers have. on educational websites ; games, and art. It helps many children find a good education, and adults find a comfortable and enjoyable job. Principally. computers have a positive effect on people because jobs use them frequently. Jobs like @ ORGANIZATION1 and any kind of police work are rare for people all over the United States and other parts of the world. My father always said to me: "Computers save people every day". Even schools use computers! They provide educational information about school students, and my school, @ LOCATION1 school, uses them quite often. For example, I see my teacher. Mr. @ CAPS4 his computer each time he goes to the main room. Almost @ PERCENT1 of all jobs involve a computer storing information or some other desired purpose. Would you want all of these people to lose their jobs because of their computer skills and techniques ? I know I wouldn't, @ CAPS5 keep in mind that computers provide safe and healthy lives for many people. Additionally, computers have a positive effect on people because they can do a lot of things that nothing else can. It's things like staying in town with someone from afar, or editing photos. Even playing a computer game can be relaxing for almost anyone. @ CAPS6 is an example of staying in town with someone else. For me @ CAPS6 is a lifeline. This allowed me to tell my white brother that he was in his chaotic college. In fact, nearly @ PERCENT2 of people have an account on a computer at a live public website @ CAPS7, @ CAPS6, or @ CAPS9. Computers keep recorded photos that can be edited and even just saved for viewing. I don't want my photos and @ CAPS6 deleted as nothing else rivals the mighty computer as it allows me to have a good time and be entertained. Third, computers have a positive effect on people because they give adults and children access to education. I remember my old elementary school playing a lot of fun math games. It was @ CAPS5, my education has grown tremendously because of this game. Games like these are used frequently around the world. In addition, jobs have been lost because of this economic economy. However, we have found more and more jobs every day with adults trying to find decent jobs online. Computers have saved people from losing their homes because of the money they made using computers, computers are a good idea. To conclude. I implore you that computer technology has a strong positive effect on people. Computers are like a pencil for a student. because they are very important. Jobs use them every day, connections are made by people, and education thrives on them. This is why technology or computers affect people in a good way.
@ ORGANIZATION1, In my opinion, the effects of computers on people are good. I believe this because people can learn hand-eye coordination, they give people the opportunity to learn about faraway places and people, and they even allow people to talk with people all over the world. First, the effects of computers on people are good because people can learn hand-eye coordination. Hand-eye coordination is good on many occasions. Second, the effects of computers on people are good because computers give people the opportunity to learn about faraway places and people are important because people can learn about the history and important people of the world. life. Finally, the effects that people have from computers are good because computers allow people to talk with people all over the world. This is useful because people can learn from each other, their customs and religions as well as their cultures and heritage. Overall, I think computers have good effects on people because they can learn hand-eye coordination. Computers give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people and computers even allow people to talk with people online from all parts of the world.
To whom @ MONTH1 is concerned, In my opinion, computers have greatly improved our lives. Therefore, I believe that owning and using a computer is for the greatest good. Three reasons that support my decision are that computers have given us the ability to find information quickly and easily, they allow us to connect with people in remote places, and they help us learn more about life and the planet. on which we live. Please take my reasons into account when making your decision. My first reason is that computers have given us the ability to find information quickly and easily. This in turn allows us to do more. For example, let's say you are reporting on @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2. You can run to the library and browse hundreds of books and newspapers or you can just sit at your computer, open a web browser and type "@ CAPS1 @ CAPS2" in the search box. In seconds, you'll have searched hundreds of other library journals and even other computers to find information on your topic. You can also search for information about videos. Old TV news, interviews, documentaries, whatever you want. Everything is there at your fingertips. My second reason is that it allows people in remote places to connect. If I told my mom this she would probably tell me to use the phone, but computers can do everything a phone can and more. You can share photos, videos, games, just about anything. Recently i joined facebook and now i can talk to people i haven't seen in years who have moved away from my birth. During @ DATE1, I had been to my @ CAPS3. My father introduced me to his uncle who had the same name as me. Then about a month later I got a friend request from a @ CAPS4 who was at @ LOCATION1, @ LOCATION4, which is far from where I live and now live. After talking to him for a while, I learned that he was, my grandfather's son. Without my computer, I would never have met him. Plus, I've learned recently and I'm getting pretty good. So one day my friends look at me through one that has it all. We started filming an ad. So the computer also allowed us to do whatever without them having to be there. My third and final reason is that the computer allows us to learn how to improve our life and the planet we live on. A lot of people say that if you use the computer all the time you will get fat and lazy, but that's not always the case. I have actually been able to improve my exercise routine using the computer. Every time I go out for a run I can come home and know exactly how far I've run, how many calories I've burned, and whatever else I want to know. I was also able to find new, more effective exercises that allow me to target different muscles. Now let's talk about what we can learn about our planet. We can use a computer to find weather patterns that allow us to plan our days accordingly. We can also use it to find out more about the news happening around the world. For example, on the day of the earthquake at @ LOCATION2, I opened my homepage and it was there and I was able to learn what had happened. Finally, a computer allows us to learn about different cultures around the world. We can learn more about how the old regions lived, how the people of @ LOCATION3 or @ CAPS5 make money or how they build their homes. All the things we would never know if we didn't have a computer. In conclusion, computers have dramatically improved the lives of the human race. They enabled us and how to improve our lives. I hope this letter has helped you make a decision about the effects of a computer on people's lives.
Dear @ LOCATION1, I understand this focusing situation, the effect of computers or the reactions of people in our society are less than about them and my question is to whom? Computers have a very good effect on the specifics of our city. Computers help track hand-eye coordination. They give people the ability to look at things and talk to who they've traveled here to, their wallets are draining faster than the speed of this one. @ CAPS2 also has the ability to help people do things that a pigsty. Let me explain these reasons further. Computers are very good for our society because children follow the hand-eye coordination of children and adults. Just to help you understand why to teach hand-eye coordination, there are so many @ CAPS2 that help you learn, but helping you learn will help. In soccer, catching the ball helps teach the skill but causes you to end up on the ground after potentially being by someone yourself. In baseball, swinging on a field to teach his skill, but if the player is very close to you, it might allow you to do this if you do the ball, could someone and hurt him, the ability to go back. Computers are a great way to learn this skill in a saw Even @ CAPS1 @ PERSON1 here in town says he saw one of the kids with better hand-eye co-ordination, because there is a good town in our town. city ? Well, computers allow people to do that. You can talk to loved ones in remote places, but travel with it. I'm sure you are wondering if I have another reason. Computers have to do the same things electronically so quickly, take a look at computer hard drives, @ CAPS2 are so much more that runs on a computer, that empties a room. Before my family had a complete computer dedicated to the paper files which were so important and which we could not lose. When I had a photo, typed some paper, saved our was empty! I hope this letter has proven to you the effect of computers on our society. Computers help and in the process of hand-eye coordination. Helpful hints do happen, but if done in real life it might also help electronically faster than a. So now, after this letter that you take out, I am posting what tells about all the good effects of computers. Once again, thank you for reading this letter.
Dear journal @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, do you know what computers are doing to the people of @ LOCATION1 ? Well I @ CAPS2. People are on @ NUM1. We owe @ CAPS2 something about these computers. They keep people from exercising, going out, just making them stay in the house all day. One of the reasons I think we should get rid of computers is that people don't exercise on them. the computer, next to @ LOCATION2, is probably the first thing that makes people fat. Children are sometimes in front of the computer all day eating snacks and junk food when they should be eating healthy fruits and vegetables. You could. Almost @ CAPS2 anything on the computer you @ CAPS2 in your everyday life is how good the technology is. The computer is the thing that makes people addicted to something. The computer has games, the Internet, and the means to talk to people who care about it. A second reason is that computers only take money out of your pocket. When you buy a computer, most people are just buying the most expensive because the seller is talking about it. Most people don't know what kind of computer they're supposed to buy, so they buy the more expensive because they think the more, the better. Moreover, buying the computer is not everything. When you download software, games and mobile things that all cost money. Downloading one thing can cost up to a hundred dollars. Plus, most people can't afford these downloads after buying an expensive computer. My third opinion is that the computer is a complete waste of time. People spend hours on the computer doing silly things, like playing games and talking with each other, when they should all be outside enjoying the fresh air. Going outside is very important for your health. The next time you're on the computer doing something that doesn't need to be done, go outside. Think about it, often @ CAPS2 time you go out? My guess, not much. Now @ CAPS2, do you know what the computers are doing to the people of @ LOCATION1 ? They make people fat, don't exercise, eat junk food, and play games all day on this stupid technology. Instead of being on the computer all day, why don't you think about using the air you need. Plus, you don't want to waste all of your hard-worked money on dumb tech. Plus, you don't want to deal with software and viruses. My advice, computers are terrible.
I believe computers benefit society and help people understand things more clearly. Computers help people study, learn, and even talk to other people. Here are some great reasons why computers help people solve their problems. First of all, computers give you information about things you can't find in books. People can search for places to vacation, how their child is doing in school, and find healthy food recipes. Without computers, people would be lost without knowing what to do. Then, computers allow you to talk to friends. You can discuss things like the weather, ideas you have, you can even plan exercise days. What if something big happens? The person does not have their phone. What could they do? They could go to the computer and tell their friend. It would be much easier than driving to the person's house and then driving to the return. Finally, computers can give you a good sense of hand-eye coordination. Computers can teach you to type without even looking at the keyboard. This skill could be used to pursue a good career in the carpentry field. Computers can also help you study for a new job and what the requirements are. In conclusion, I believe computers make it a little easier for people to know they have vital information at their fingertips. It can also help them with whatever they want to do. Like talking to friends, researching information, and teaching skills.
To whom is this @ MONTH1, @ CAPS1 more and more people get involved in using the computer when I think it's good, others don't. I think using a computer is a good thing as technology will advance and computers will be the base, computers are also more secure now thanks to privacy options and virus blocking. Finally, computers help you gather knowledge that no book could tell you. Although technology advances, computers are just the basics. Sooner or later everything will be computer based like jobs, school and always the medical field. Jobs will have more computers and touchscreen devices because they are easier and more technologically advanced. As for the school @ CAPS1, students must take computer courses to learn how to write brochures and make websites. The medical field now uses more advanced ultrasound which takes the image and makes it insane. So if everything around you changes, why do you want to stay in the past? Although some people are concerned about the safety of the Internet and viruses, there are ways to limit them. When it comes to social media sites, don't set them up so that the whole world can see them. Set it up so that only your friends can see it. Also make sure you know who your friends are. When it comes to viruses, don't go to websites that cause viruses. Also, you can get a virus blocker which helps in removing them. The computer also helps you give and acquire knowledge. You can learn more about Cocratic Civilizations. Or modern times without stepping outside your home. Plus, the internet offers virtual simulations so you can experience what it looked like in other cultures, in other times. Computers give you knowledge that will help you throughout your life, especially if you don't have a library. Although some people disagree, computers are the basis of technology, they are safe and full of knowledge. Yes, they have a few flaws, but they are a great learning tool.
Dear @ PERSON1, experts are concerned about the use of computers. They say they spend hours on the computer and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. I agree. While people are using computers, they don't interact and meet new friends in person. They stay indoors and don't exercise, and children can talk to strangers. When we use computers, we are chatting with friends online and not really interacting with others. We meet new friends and chat online and never meet them and socialize, so it's a downside of a computer. Another problem is the lack of exercise. While on the computer, we spend a lot of time and sometimes we even forget to exercise. Then we slowly start to get unhealthy. Another major problem with computers is talking or chatting with strangers. Some may meet random people online and give them personal information. Kids might even run into some of the strangers they've talked to online and get hurt! well thanks for reading my opinions on computers. I hope you will take them into consideration. Children and even adults don't interact with their friends, lack exercise, and give out personal information to strangers.
Dear Diary, Some people ask others about the effects of computers on others. Some experts worry that people are spending too much time on their computers and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. But my opinion is that the computer is great and it doesn't keep people away from other activities. First, the computer doesn't keep people away from other activities because there are @ NUM1 hours in a day, and that's what people think if they don't leave the computer and go to other activites. Even though the computer has a lot of stuff, and it's very interesting. people. Should still have common since to get off and go do some other stuff, so I think it's full if they don't get off the computer. There are also a lot of reasons why people don't go out and do other activities, so why shut down computers. Second, the computer does not keep people away from other activities, because there is a lot of desolation that keeps people away from other activities, so why blame the computers. For example, television prevents people from doing other activities, but not talking about it prevents that. In addition, the computer teaches you a lot of things, so it can teach you a lot of things that you don't know and that it is trying to find out. For example, the history of your family, you can search it on the computer. Finally, the computer does not keep people away from other activities, because if people were really worried about other activities, they would quit the computer and do what they had to do. For example, if they were to go to the gym, they would have to quit the computer and go to the gym because the computer doesn't make you fat, you get fat, so it should be reasonable enough to go. at the gym, and not being on the computer all day. Also, if you were to spend time with your family, how could the computer stop you from doing this, you should already know what to do and I don't think the computer would make you forget things like that. So that would be the person's fill if they didn't forget about the computers. To sum up, computers don't keep people away from other activities because it is their responsibility to remember what they need, not computers and there is a lot more destruction than computers, but it is not. Still not a faulty computer, it's yours.
To whom this is @ MONTH1, I was sitting at home when I realized this had to end ! IT has taken me away from my mom and my stepdad, I mean when they're on Facebook they're in a whole different galaxy. The family doesn't spend any time together anything. Plus they argue, don't sleep and again we don't hang out! Not spending time with your family is not a good thing. Social activity is good for everyone. Even if the time spent is not with the family, socializum is a very important role play to use. On the other hand, arguing is not. Arguing only decreases the time spent in society. Arguing in my family causes friction to the point where we become antisocial and we turn to a computer. Now, if we were arguing about the computer, we have a huge problem. The argument will never end! Not sleeping is my biggest concern though, when they're up all night on this stupid thing, oh my gosh don't get me started. I think they don't have a good day during the school day. In fact, I know they don't because they are daylight. Computers make my parents spend time with family, fight and don't sleep, they spend more time on the personal computer than I do ! @ CITY1 @ PERSON1, I think we have a problem. A very big one!
I believe people spend too much time on computers. If people spend hours on the computer, it will lead to poor eyesight. They don't exercise enough. Most teens don't do homework at home because of it @ CAPS1 people sit at the computer for countless hours their eyesight slowly deteriorates. The bright lights on the screen make your eye condition unclear and say more people lose their sight when looking at a computer than they would when staring at a light. Sitting in front of the screen, you are not sitting in front of the screen, you are not exercising. Most of the time, you just move your hands and fingers. If people don't exercise for at least @ NUM1 minutes a day we will all become a week. Finally, your teenager is probably doing their homework. while they're in his room, they probably have all the computers. if they spend too much time on the computer, they are more likely to fail their classes. which means they will likely stay behind. In other words, people are spending too much time on the computer. If we continue this way, most people will lose their sight. if the citizens sit there, we will become unhealthy. And finally, more and more teens want to do their homework and won't.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, I agree with some of the professionals who believe that the computer is preventing people from exercising, enjoying nature, and spending quality time with friends and family. Some people think it's cool to be on the computer @ NUM1 @ NUM2. The truth is, the computer with the Internet is like having @ CAPS1 handy, distractions, etc. You can find just about anything on the internet these days. Some people use the Internet for homework. Sometimes people can find the exact answers to a task. This means that they are becoming more and more dependent on technology. If the world becomes more and more dependent on computers and the like, that could mean things. the world is suffering because people neglect to pick up their trash and try to stop @ ORGANIZATION2. Most people, instead of taking action, will be on the computer. People are getting more and more lazy these days. Like I said, most people are getting more and more lazy these days because all they have to do in order to have fun is sit down and do little movement. In saying this, people neglect to exercise and eat well. They also neglect to spend time with friends and family. Instead of texting or @ CAPS2, someone is trying to call them. Or maybe even if you are free, you can go and make plans to visit your family. That's all I'm asking is that you mostly spend time with your family as you can always have more friends or a new computer. But you can't have a new family.
Dear Journal @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 people believe that the negatives of computers outweigh the positives. I believe computers help more than they hurt. There are a few minor cases where computers have hurt people, but @ CAPS2 more cases where they have helped people @ CAPS2. There are cases where an accident victim recovers with the help of computers. Likewise, there are other times when family or close friends can talk to each other through the @ CAPS3. Plus, people could learn about amazing places. So, computers are very vital to us. Computers are vital for us because they help our reflexes. In my experience as a computer engineer. I have learned that playing games or using a computer helps victims of reflex damaged accidents. A computer helps the victim by giving him a better idea of his surroundings. The victim could see exactly what he was doing, as could his and the medics. Like wise to physical treatment, computers a relief. Thus, the patient becomes stronger physically and mentally. Thus, computers help a human life to improve its reflexes. Likewise, to help our reflexes, computers with the @ CAPS3 would help distant people to connect. One of the ways people very far connect is with soldiers and their families. When I was in the military, nothing helped me better than talking. The easiest way was to chat. It gave me a gigantic. Thus, computers are essential for humans. Likewise, computers help us see amazing places. For example, when a @ NUM1 year old boy visits a website that talks about the wonders of the rainforest from @ LOCATION1. He then tells his science class, which spread the word about forest preservation. The boy then grows up to be an explorer of @ LOCATION1, finding new species. It would all happen because it was on a computer. Computers help us see the invisible. Ultimately, computers are great if used in regulation. They help victims heal, soldiers connect and inspire young people, computers are a vital source of knowledge and progress for humans.
Dear @ CAPS1, I think computers are a huge benefit to society. I myself have a computer; it is very important and useful for me. More than @ PERCENT1 families in our city have at least one computer. Computers are a great source of information. They also allow you to talk to people, even if they are far away. They are also very convenient and easy to use, in my opinion. Based on these positives, @ CAPS3 don't you agree with my opinion ? Computers are a great source of information. Unlike books, which you have to find and buy, there is a huge amount of information just a click away! With computers, you can learn about distant places and people without having to visit or talk to them. Let me compare this to a book. Let's say you wanted to do some research on @ PERSON1. You would have to go to the library and find a book about him. And what would you do if you couldn't find one on him? With a computer, you can type "@ CAPS2 of @ PERSON1" into a search engine and receive information in less than a minute ! I like to save time, and computers help me do it. They also increase the information I use. Another amazing development in computer technology is that you can talk to others no matter where they are. Email is extremely faster than writing a letter. having to pay to travel. Who @ CAPS3 doesn't like this? Computers are very convenient. You can surf the Internet, talk to people and more from the comfort of your room. There are jobs you can do at home on a computer. No need to go anywhere to work. My uncle is one of those people. He is a stockbroker and manages all of his work from his home computer. It is practical and well-paid work. I asked him what he thought of his job. He said, “I love my job because I can work when I want and from the comfort of my home. @ CAPS3 don't you want to have his job? I most certainly would. In conclusion, computers are very beneficial for us. Did you know that computers were first invented by @ ORGANIZATION1 to perform very long calculations ? Look what they got into @ DATE1. They bring us information at incredible speeds. They let us talk to people all over the world. They are very practical. These are major benefits for society, and everyone should embrace computers.
Dear @ CAPS1, I think computers have a positive effect on people because they will help you interact, learn and coordinate. By interacting with people like distant friends or unfamiliar fries. If they are far away, this is a good way to send photos back and forth to see how the person (s) are doing. Family is a very important factor in computers because if you haven't seen the person you can tell how they are progressing in life. If not, you can meet new people. By meeting new people, you have more connections in your life and more people you trust. Learning! Learning is good for adults and children. Computers can teach children by showing them new words, colors, shapes and sizes. For an adult, it can show them the meaning of words or new words. Words, colors and sizes can all be rounded on a computer while learning. A computer can not only do mental things to affect you also physically like coordination. You can improve your coordination by making yourself stronger when typing. Your hands are important and they are useful in many ways. By sitting upright in your computer chair all day, you can improve your posture. Your back may straighten up every time you sit down. Your mind can be crazy and in one pot, focus on things that are good for you, like the computer screen. Now people may think computers are good for you too. But there could be negative ideas for people who think otherwise.
Dear local newspaper, I believe that computers have both good and bad effects on people. Some people sit all day playing games and being lazy. Other people actually use their computers for things they need. Some people also need their computers for their work. I agree that some people who spend all day in front of their computer spend less time exercising! Do you prefer to play games all day instead of having a good time with your family and friends? Not me, I would much rather be with friends outside or have a family picnic in a park or a lake. For others, the story is quite different. Some people need computers and other technological advancements for their daily life. A lot of jobs today require you to use a computer, for example working in a bank, you use computers all day! I also think that students rely on computers for work too. Many students type reports and other school stuff on their computers. Students also use computers to search for information. The Internet can be a very good source for students. I know for me the internet has been found to be useful for school projects, or maybe something as simple as looking up a word. I can also understand why people don't really care about technological or computer advancements! Some people don't need them for anything, and some probably think people are consuming too much of them. For me, honestly, I find the computers useful as I can talk online with my family at @ LOCATION1. Hope you liked my take on computers, remember they are useful for some people, but not all.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 and children of all ages in this company, are well focused on the latest technology. The computer is a piece of equipment that affects people's lives. You have to get rid of this habit and learn to do different activities! People spend far too much time on computers and less time enjoying nature, and need to interact with friends and family more. Time flies ? Are you overwhelmed by how life is passing you so fast ? Well if you answered yes then stop the computer madness and head outside! You are not enjoying nature ! Nature is as beautiful as a gorgeous scene from @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 loves oceans with pink sand. Who would want to miss this? @ PERCENT1 from @ CAPS2 complain that they rarely appreciate what life has to take outside of your home. Just think that you won't be able to see the wondrous, the seasons changing, without going out. "I want my @ CAPS6 to experience the great variety of nature as it ages." @ CAPS5 of his daughter. Well, @ MONTH1 I add, the little @ CAPS6 is not going to take out much nature from her, if she does not take her eyes off the computer screen ! Yes, computers are very brilliant and have a lot to do, but if you want to miss out on the new trees that are being discovered every day, be my guest! @ PERCENT2 of the entire population of @ LOCATION2 is overweight due to the technology introduced into our world. The most important is the computer! well-paid doctors try to teach their parents at a young age to go out and play sports - while exercising at the same time instead of staying at home and playing video games. Now tell me, would you rather get a good healthy exercise and have all the energy you need or would you like to slowly add to your troubles and earn money while you are browsing the internet ? I remember @ DATE1, grabbed my Nike high tops and pink iPod, started running slowly listening to my favorite song. Naturally I felt great when I was done each day, it's as healthy as eating a banana, apples @ NUM1 and cheese every morning, it's healthy ! "@ CAPS7 since technology was a part of my life, my two daughters haven't visited their grandparents in over @ NUM1 years ! @ CAPS8 @ PERSON1 to the press. Yes, computers have devices." chat "such as @ CAPS9, but if you're never going to spend quality time with your family, that's a bad habit. On @ DATE3, @ DATE2, my brother and I were too busy on the computer we missed a birthday party, the family we are addicted to this device and need to spend time with our loved ones. @ PERCENT3 of all therapy computers have @ CAPS2 in depression and have been with their plains , due to the high amount of stuff to do on this device and the time spent bonding with your members who prefer to play on an old gray computer when you can have fun talking about your day and the past. game life with your family? @ CAPS10 is now a never ! What will you choose? Do you agree that computers are taking over lives? If you try to prove me wrong, just remember that nature is great and many people miss the advantage that technology takes over people exercising their habits, and many families are less connected @ CAPS10 to you to keep the population of @ LOCATION1 in good condition hands!
Dear Diary, I think computers are not good for society. There are three reasons why I think this and they are the following; @ CAPS1, people don't spend time with their families. Second, you can get misspelled words using instant messaging. When doing your homework, you may be distracted by the computer. The reason @ CAPS1 that computers are bad for society is that people don't spend enough time with their families, I know they are not. I spend at least half of my day staring at a screen when I could be outside walking my dog with friends. Additionally, instant messaging is the most addictive. When I type something, I use abbreviations for any word. @ LOCATION1 teacher says at least @ PERCENT1 students spell short words in tests. For example, if you wanted to spell "what" instead, @ PERCENT1 would spell "@ CAPS2". Finally, my last reason I think computers aren't good for society is because it can distract you a lot. I know this because I am drawn to the world of computers. Every time I do my homework. I can't take my eyes off the screen. So explain that computers are not good for society. In conclusion, computers prevent you from spending time with your family, cause students to misspell words, and prevent you from doing your homework. I hope you agree with me on this point.
Dear @ CAPS1, I strongly believe that computers have positive effects on people and society. My reasons are that you can learn and find new information about anything, you are able to talk to distant people, and computers teach skills to be used in the future. I would now like to develop my reasons further. First of all, going on the internet and researching sites helps you learn and find information on whatever you want. On the Internet, you can even ask questions, and they will probably be answered. You can even use computer information for a report. Statistics show @ PERCENT1 of people reporting, finding their facts on the internet. Google, Yahoo, and other research sites have helped children become more interested in learning. In addition, using a computer allows you to talk to other people from faraway places or to friends you haven't seen in a while. You can even webcam with people. I remember a few weeks ago my best friend moved to Florida, and now we are chatting on the web every day! Talking online will even reduce your phone bills. Chat online lost nothing, while phone charges for international calls cost. Computers will allow you to talk to your best friend and save money. Last but not least, computers teach skills that can be applied later in life. Today many jobs are due to using a computer and technology is advancing. Before knowing, he will have to know how to operate a computer. In addition, you will probably need a computer at the university. Teacher @ CAPS2 even said, "Every kid in my classes has some kind of computer." In college, you will take notes and do homework. Using computers will help you do this and make your life easier. As you can see, I think computers help people and society a lot. My reasons are that you can learn and find information about anything, you are able to talk to other people who are far away, and computer skills will help you in life. Technology advances and were going to have to use a computer sooner or later.
Dear local newspaper @ CAPS1, are computers really as great as they look ? It seems to me that they are overused in people's lives, and that computers are distractions that do not allow people to determine things in their lives that they would be doing if they weren't always on there. 'computer. People's lives start to revolve around the computer, checking your facebook, and playing new videos at @ CAPS2.com. I know from experience that facebook or myspace can be very addicting. I'll spend hours commenting on photos or new posts on the wall, then at @ NUM1 pm I realized I hadn't started any of my homework. This happens quite often and I end up staying awake until about @ NUM2. The next morning I wake up to @ NUM3 am, exhausted. I'm not exaggerating either, it happens to a lot of my friends, and if you have kids ask them because I'm @ PERCENT1 sure they're on facebook or @ CAPS3 all night. This does not happen with children either, my mother just had a facebook and she is addicted to it, even more than me. Sometimes it can be a contest to see who has the most photos or the most friends. Children are starting to make friends with people whose computers they don't even know are not only distractions, they are also very dangerous. In my school we had a meeting where they showed us how easy it is to find someone's personal information. Even if you don't have your address or phone number listed, there are plenty of other ways to find yourself. If you take a photo right after winning the championship soccer match, in your jersey. Just this picture shows your team name, last name and number. Anyone can easily search all of this on the internet and find out exactly where your next game will be. As a local newspaper @ CAPS1 I'm sure you have to be concerned about the safety of the city, or even your own children. Some people @ MONTH1 say "that would never happen to me", but it could easily, especially if you are constantly on your computer. I have noticed that a lot of teenagers my age are starting to become obsessed with computers. Lots of times with the family, instead of spending time together. siblings are fighting over who can use the computer. One sister @ MONTH1 needs it for her homework, while the other just wants to talk to her friends on @ CAPS3 and each thinks she deserves the computer. Computers are starting to affect people's lives a lot, in a negative way. Once again, they are distracting, dangerous and hurt families. Computers hurt society more than they help it. And maybe you should check how much time your kids are spending on the computer.
Dear Diary @ LOCATION1, I think computers are a bad and a good thing because computers keep some people indoors more than usual and on the other hand a computer allows you to talk with members of the community. the family you haven't seen for a long time, search for upcoming events and see if they are canceled and search for other things like playing a movie. Computers are also an important part of school because without computers it would be difficult to study and for some teachers most of their homework requires you to use a computer. There are other things that are bad with computers as well, for example: my friend stayed on his computer playing video games most of the day. It's like when he's on this computer, he doesn't listen to or hear anyone, not even his parents. He barely comes down to dinner and when he does he has his laptop right next to him. His parents started to get fed up so they took his TV and laptop with him so he could go out and play with his friends. After a while he started to go out a lot, especially every day when the weather was nice. They gave him back his computer and his television. The only time he goes now is on rainy days.
Dear journal @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, more and more people in our country proud and courageous of @ LOCATION1 have been. Computers were simply suited to difficult situations, such as entering, searching, and keeping a record of financial status. Despite the main uses, many @ CAPS3 citizens use the computer for necessary reasons resulting in loss of social and healthy life. it is exercises and spending online with other people indicating family and friends. Therefore, please read on so that you @ CAPS4 or we can understand why computers have gotten out of hand and relay my message to your readers. A large part of life is exercise, and because of modern computers, exercise is the key to healthy living. Personally, I know of at least poor young children in my very school who are victims of the cruel disease known as obesity. The reason for these kids is quite simple - they abuse it and forget about the natural limits to using something. Almost every day, each of the children of the first heart starts using their computer from the second home until they fall asleep. this scandalous number of vital hours to exercise, therefore allows their body to adopt the habits of children to sleep, eat, computer. This first floor children's mansion allows others to prey on them for being fat, but they can't fight back, they have anything so overuse of computers can result in an overweight child, without exercise, and no power / muscle to depend on. Another reason computers think of the youth of an @ LOCATION1 is because of the inferior use of medicine. Every day I chose to walk out of school, for the panting sounds of the weather day type should I hope for you @ CAPS5, spending time with your friends and family, again, the people who abuse see its importance. About two years ago I was on the computer all the time, @ CAPS6, playing video games and all kinds of computer activities. every day, constantly, for about a year, i got home, on the computer, and started my, as @ LOCATION2. This resulted in wasting the time I had with my mosue. Also, if I needed to contact my friends @ MONTH1, I @ CAPS7 rather than speaking in person. On the line both my family and friends and the growth of this electronic device, fortunately called the computer, @ ORGANIZATION1 nothing like it now though, hope you see the computer side, and how to lose your family and friends eventually. In conclusion, @ ORGANIZATION1 guarantees this with all the information about the outing. Hope you read the @ CAPS1 article in our journal and request a column on the computer to waste precious time for exercise, nature, family and friends. Thank you for the letter, and I will do a related article on this topic.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, I am a child of the tech generation, or the generation in which technology has taken on new meaning. This meaning is life. Our life revolves around technology in general as @ LOCATION3 revolves around the sun. The main technological preference, computers, is very beneficial, not as bad as many people think, and helps us to live and thrive in this troubled world. Listen, if you want to grill computers, then by all means, grill them. But if you do it without looking at all the angles first, then you, my friend, have absolutely no position on the situation. You could say they are a neucence but could never have used aho. You could argue that they can be used to detonate bombs, but, let's be practical, how many normal people actually wake up and point out the sadness in life, then type a command to detonate a bomb ? One serious perk that you should obviously ignore is the invaluable information it places wisely in front of you on a @ NUM1 inch screen. You can read book reviews, read books, pack stuff, and get the cutting edge news you want, just to name a meager amount of possible highlights. Plus, not everything you think is bad has to be bad just because you say it is. When you think of @ CAPS3. Do you still think about vulgar, inappropriate and illegal images ? It's fun, because @ CAPS3 keeps family in touch, gives people things to do, and keeps friends in different states on the same server. Youtube isn't all about swearing and bad videos. My family chooses actors for shows, and one way to find out what an actor is capable of is to go to their channel and watch the videos they've created. My mom actually contacts actors in videos to see if they want to get professional. That's the business, finding talent where you rarely find it. Finally, have you even thought about the fact that computers are used to build businesses and save lives ? You probably didn't even know that from a computer astrologers monitor images of the universe captured by the Hubble space transporter. Meteorologists track cloud formations from satellites using a computer. Maybe you didn't choose to say that surgeons can dictate operations from their desks at @ LOCATION1 to a patient at @ LOCATION2 ? Didn't you even say that seismologists use computers to track the movement of tectonic plates and see where the epicenter of a major earthquake is? You just didn't know it. So let's face it, computers are important. You're probably used to doing what little research you've done on them. In fact, forgive me. You probably didn't do the research in the first place, instead pointing fingers at the innocent. Good move, mate.
I think having a computer is good because you can do research, meet people and chat with them. Computers are important to society because they help keep track of information such as doctor's appointments and criminal records that the police can track. Having a computer is great, but spending too much time on it will hurt your eyes. Having a computer can help you talk to friends who have moved and have a website they can talk to you on like myspce or facebook or even yahoo chat. Having a computer is very useful in life and can help you in many areas. Computers can also cause problems, such as spending too much time on them and not getting enough sleep for school. Having a computer can also be bad because sitting too close or spending too much time can hurt your eyes and cause you to wear glasses. The way I see it is too much is bad so I think spending time on it is fine, are you okay ?
Dear local newspaper, I disagree because it would make kids, kids, to do negative things like being rude, not listening, being loud, not doing homework just because you are on the computers . Please listen to why I disagree, here are some reasons. I know when I'm on the computer my mom every @ NUM1 minutes what you own because there are nasty things about these computers that kids, kids never look at you now, they could learn to kill someone just by being on the computer. I know when I go to this computer I'm rude and disrespectful because when I'm on it you can't tell me anything because I was in the computer my attention was on the computer. This is why they should have @ CAPS1 computers because it attracts attention. I don't listen while I'm on the computer my mom tells me to go up "I'll say" @ CAPS1 "I'm doing something she will tell me to go down i @ CAPS1 leave me alone because I'm on the computer and because I focus on the computer. And I have the computer strong so that @ CAPS1 can get my attention so I have the computer always strong because my main focus was on the computer that I will do whatever that's later. O and I don't 'I don't even remember what happened when I'm on the computer. I don't do your school. I know I tell my mom to let me use computer so I can do my schoolwork and I'm going to do different things instead of doing my homework my mom, pretend you are doing your homework and say "I finished my homework when I know I haven't not finished my homework but I'm only saying it because I was concentrating on the computer. These are the reasons why the company should take back the computer. Hope you understand the reasons I'm giving you because the company should really stop donating computers in the first place. If you have a daughter or a son and you know they've said some of these things, now you know your kids have always lied to you. Be aware that I could use the computer for @ NUM2 min each day. So yes, take them.
@ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS1 Computers Benefit Our Society has been a hotly debated topic among citizens in our city. Many argue that computers make communication quick and easy, help children and adults learn, and even teach balancing habits to our generation. I firmly believe that computers are necessary in our society. @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3 ! I miss you ! "Are the words @ ORGANIZATION1 @ NUM1-year-old @ PERSON1. @ PERSON1 has been working overseas for two years at @ LOCATION2, @ LOCATION3. An @ ORGANIZATION1 is the only way for her to contact her father via @ ORGANIZATION3. Communication is extremely important in our society ; it brings families and friends together. Computers provide a variety of forms of communication @ ORGANIZATION1 @ ORGANIZATION1, such as @ ORGANIZATION3, @ CAPS5 and instant messaging. "@ ORGANIZATION3" allows people to have what can be called a “visual phone conversation.” With @ ORGANIZATION3, I can not only hear his voice everyday, but also see his face. It never fails to make me smile. " @ CAPS5 and instant messaging also allow the company to communicate quickly and easily with others. Invitations, announcements and a simple "hello" can all be done by @ CAPS5. Therefore, computers are very important for communication in our society. @ CAPS4 have you seen a child's face @ CAPS10 he / she is learning something new ? Computers provide an excellent variety of education @ ORGANIZATION1 in our society. For example, toddlers and children can use programs such as @ ORGANIZATION2 (@ CAPS6). The @ CAPS6 programs teach children to read, write and speak. “@ CAPS7 kid used @ CAPS6 @ CAPS10 he was a toddler,” says @ PERSON3, a @ LOCATION1 resident, “and now his teachers are so impressed with his reading and writing skills. I couldn't not be prouder. "Computers don't just teach kids; they teach adults too! Did you know adults learn @ PERCENT1 @ ORGANIZATION1 their knowledge about the environment, politics and other basic information through computers? Computers are needed to help people learn in our society. Finally, computers teach balance. A mother from @ LOCATION1 says : "@ CAPS7 teenager @ PERSON4 has learned to balance computer and life , and I can definitely see how it connects to other domains @ ORGANIZATION1 balance too. "@ CAPS10 teens learn to balance their computer time, they also learn to balance extracurricular activities in school. Cel It shows, therefore, that students actually learn about responsibility for computers. Hope our society will. Consider the fact that computers are needed. @ CAPS10, they provide communication, teach education and help kids learn to balance, what have we got to lose? Computers can certainly improve our society. "
Dear local newspaper committee ...., I am writing to you, regarding how there is a substantial dilemma in the concern of computer use. From the data I have gathered, computers are both good and bad. But I think there are more reasonable "@ CAPS1" for computer use. In my opinion, I state that computers are quite addicting due to computer addiction, waste of exercise time, and the way computers @ MONTH1 "help", to get the loss of their environment. social. The @ MONTH1 computer seems useful, but for @ ORGANIZATION1 this is a great way to search for @ ORGANIZATION1 reasons. But there is also the choice of books for research. The use of the computer has become an important crisis line because they are addictive. An example is the well known link called "@ CAPS2", @ CAPS2 is a place where you can socialize. But when your child has an @ CAPS2 and is on the computer doing their " homework ", there is a @ PERCENT1 that they will end up on @ CAPS2, rather than doing homework than important information. were found at a @ ORGANIZATION1 @ DATE1. Computers are also addictive because of online computer games. Online computer games can be fun, but a complete waste of your electric bill's time, and @ ORGANIZATION1 is for your child. Computers are very addicting when it comes to @ CAPS2 and online gaming. Computers are pretty good, but they are very good for your health. Did you know that @ PERCENT2 from @ LOCATION1 has increased in weight due to video games and the computer ? Computers are horrible when it comes to this subject. Over time, you start to gain weight, spending more time using the computer and less time training and staying in shape. It also revolves around addiction, using the computer over a long period of time. Ultimately, computers are a dangerous subject when it comes to training and staying in shape. Computers are terrible and horrified when it comes to friends. Friends are people who spend time with you and interact with you. But computers see it differently. using the computer for a long time, you start to think that computers are all you need. Soon your friends will leave you because you don't care about them and you will forget about them. It also revolves around addiction. By addiction, you lose your friends and you degrade your social environment. The @ MONTH1 computer looks " fun ", but is disfigured when it comes to friends. At the end of the day, I think computers are a waste because they are addictive, you get very unhealthy, and they work to harm your social environment. With the facts that I have presented, they supported my reasons. Computers are not the solution. So try the books.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, computers are a vital source for any household. Lots of people have busy lives, and having a computer at home makes it easier. You can use it for research, organization, and business. I don't know what I would do without. Education is very important, especially in our economy today. The computer makes work and study quick and easy. When you need to research a topic for school, there is always an endless library of @ CAPS6 information you turn on the computer. You @ CAPS7 get your information from books and encyclopedias, but rarely do you always have time to visit a local library. Also @ CAPS6 you have a project in school that you need to type in, it helps to have a computer at home so you don't have to use it in the short term. This way you have more time to get extra from the teachers @ CAPS3 on the school orchestra instrument. I can imagine my grades would be @ CAPS6. I had access to the Internet from @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5 at home. Have you trimmed or documented and had one of it and come up @ CAPS6 you own a computer you can save @ CAPS7 you imagine on a five page essay and organized is boring but you wouldn't think @ CAPS6 it got you saved hours of writing! For some people, having a @ CAPS7 computer makes money, and who wouldn't love more money? You can run a business online and not having to manage an @ CAPS8 in your own space or building to run your business can be quite expensive and time consuming. In addition, you can refrain from moving from the store while purchasing items online. Then the item will be shipped to your doorstep. This saves you time and money on gas. And these days, any way to save money is good! By having a computer, you can boost your education. Stay organized and save money. Although it also has many recreational purposes, it can also be very useful in your life. Plus, it's great to go online and talk to your friends every now and then, isn't it?
Dear @ CAPS1 I think more and more people are using computers because it can help you find a job if you lose it. Because right now some jobs are going badly at the bank. And parents can't help because they didn't have a job to support their loved ones. Another thing is that car prices are going up so if you don't have a lot of money you can go online and buy a car and truck at great prices. And it can help you save a lot of money in your pocket. For some reason @ NUM1 on @ NUM2 people like to go to remote places eg @ CAPS2, put or @ LOCATION1, @ CAPS3. And if you are going to these places, you will need a place to stay and have a good meal with your family or friends. So you would need a nice and nice hole title that will have food, beds, pools and more stuff that people like to do when they are on vacation. And for example if your mom or dad asks you to go to your public school but you don't know what too because you heard something or about school say because you can't find a good school in line eg @ CAPS4, cap pre, classicle, brizzal, and some other schools are the best and funniest to attend and be successful in your life. Now you know why more and more people are using computers and you should always be using technology.
Dear Diary, In my opinion, I think that computers have a positive effect on people. They can learn about faraway places. They let people talk online. It can even help you find a job. That's why I think computers are very positive. Certainly, people can find out about distant places on the computer. Let's say someone wanted to take a trip to @ LOCATION1 they can search for it, learn launage. They can by tickets. They might also find some interesting things to see in this country. These reasons explain why I think a computer is a positive technology. My next reason I think a computer is positive towards people is that people can communicate online. It can help keep families in touch. It can help you find and talk to old friends (facebook). You can even make new friends to talk to. These are other examples where I think computers are positive. My last reason I think the computer has a positive effect on people is that it can help you with your work. It can help you find a job. He can also help you in your work. Finally, it can allow you to take a higher position in your job. These are my reasons why I think computers are important and positive for people. For all of the above reasons I think computers are awesome technology =) and positive, I mean just look at all the reasons. They let people talk online. They can also tell you about faraway places. And even help you in your work. That's why I think computers have a positive effect on people.
According to the government of @ ORGANIZATION1, @ PERCENT1 of @ CAPS1 spend @ NUM1 hours or more on a computer per day. Study shows @ CAPS1 isn't exercising enough, spending enough time with family, or enjoying life. Nowadays, people prefer to be on the computer rather than doing other things. As more and more people use the computer, these people do not exercise enough. Now @ PERCENT2 from @ CAPS1 have become obese since they always have been or computers, @ CAPS4 year a @ CAPS6 was fit and healthy, but when a friend told him about a website in the @ CAPS5 @ NUM2 minutes. After @ NUM1 months, @ CAPS6 in good shape and health became obese. The @ CAPS6 would still have junk food when @ CAPS7 was on the computer. when @ DATE1 arrived, @ CAPS7 tried out for his school baseball team. @ CAPS7 failed because @ CAPS7 was out of shape. After that @ CAPS7 went back to its old ways of eating healthy and exercising. Now that @ CAPS6 is fit for all the sports @ CAPS7 does. Second, people don't spend enough time with their families. Many jobs require people to be on the computer. When this happens, a person will forget what is really important to them. A few years ago, a @ CAPS6 was going to have the biggest game of his life. It was the championship game. @ CAPS7 reminded his father of everything. When the start was about to begin, the @ CAPS6 looked into the crowd for his father. @ CAPS7 hasn't seen it at all. The @ CAPS6 just thought his dad was. after @ CAPS5, @ CAPS7 looked again, but now @ CAPS7 was sad. His own father was not at the game. His @ CAPS4 team play it. Now his dad doesn't miss a thing since @ CAPS7 doesn't go on the computer as often. Finally, people are not enjoying their life, they would rather be on a computer rather than doing what they like. A @ CAPS6 was still playing basketball with his friends when @ CAPS7 started going to computers, everything changed, people were asking him to play, but @ CAPS7 was saying no. The computer was the only thing that mattered. When @ CAPS6 tried for his school @ CAPS8, @ CAPS7 failed because @ CAPS7 forgot how to play. When this happened, @ CAPS7 stopped using the computer and returned to basketball. now when @ CAPS7 tries., @ CAPS7 does. Now is the time to decide whether to waste your life on a computer or to live your life. I'd rather live life than be on a computer.
Dear Diary, @ ORGANIZATION1 has an essay on plants for science tomorrow. She was away @ DATE1 and was unaware. If she had a computer, she could go to the website and check it out, but she doesn't. The city took them away. Another student, @ LOCATION1, is working on the same trial. Her handwriting is terrible, so her teacher won't be able to grade it. What should they do? Although some say that computers are not good for society, most know that life without computers would be a disaster. The new @ CAPS1 is currently considering the removal of computers in our city. It would be a big deal for everyone involved. One of the reasons is that people need it to get information from search engines like "google" and "yahoo". They also use the internet to communicate like " facebook " and " aim ". The elimination of computers would have a drastic impact on everyday life. Company computers for information. I know whenever I don't know something, I check it online. If I didn't have this resource, my homework wouldn't be as detailed as it was with the computer. Another example is that the public is looking for information about the world on my computer. When many heard about the earthquake at @ LOCATION2, they could get information in seconds. This has led to many bake sales and fundraisers. Finally, when kids one day miss their favorite @ CAPS2 shows, they can just check it out the next day to catch up. It's a big part of teenage life. Society needs computers to research critical information. Many people also use the Internet for communication purposes. I know in my family "email" is what makes everything work. My mom does all of her plans via email and sometimes even emails herself from work to remember things. Without it our family could not function. Another mode of communication is “facebook”. Anytime my friends and I have a question about everything that happened that day. We will ask ourselves questions on this site. It's safe and saves you having to call on the phone. A final example is " objective ". It is a messaging tool that allows you to instantly talk with friends and even view them with "video chat". My friends and I wouldn't be able to show each other outfits and other items without a "lens". Both adolescents and adults need to communicate through computers. In conclusion, society needs computers for researching information, as well as for talking with friends and colleagues. Don't even think about
I'm so happy I just finished my report card on @ PERSON1 and didn't even have to leave my house. I was able to speak with my classmate and ask her questions online. I also managed to get all the information just from my computer. I also learned to row a boat, to show my class how @ LOCATION1 crossed the river @ CAPS1, I learned this by taking an online course. This is a situation where computers have fantastic effects on people in everyday situations. Local research shows that @ PERCENT1 of @ CAPS2 planning their vocation use the Internet. The reason why these citizens use the Internet is to obtain information about the hotel and the vacation town. This is one way to make computers useful and positive, as it makes it easier for busy @ CAPS2s to prepare for travel by looking at hotel photos online and getting all the information they need. Doctor @ PERSON2 from @ CAPS4 University stated that “computers now offer programs that allow busy @ CAPS2 to learn a new skill, @ PERCENT2 from @ CAPS2 are currently using this software.” @ CAPS7 daily @ CAPS2 do not have time to join a group or class to learn new skills. This is why computers are so useful and people love them. Instead of leaving home, they can cook, do yoga, or speak a new language from their home computer. This is another reason why computers are useful in a very positive way. Imagine forgetting your homework at school and not being able to get an A in this class. Well, because of computers, forgetful students can talk to a classmate online, do their homework, and complete it. Or they could even use the Internet to go to that school's website and find the homework and print it out. Many students across the country forget their homework from time to time, with useful computers they can easily solve their problems. As a reminder, students or adults can get information on the internet for projects or even vacations. Busy @ CAPS2s who don't have time to leave their homes can take a class or learn a new skill right on the computer. Anyone can use the internet to talk or chat online to get schoolwork or with friends remotely. That is why the effects on computers for people are only positive. Now what can you do? It is important that computers stay in our lives, they are useful and we have learned to live with them, that is why they must stay. This benefits you because the media houses are organized by computers and it allows you to continue working.
A lot of people in society think computers are bad, I think computers are great. Computers allow you to communicate with your friends, family and loved ones. With a computer, you can do your homework very quickly, without having to go to the library to look for stuff. Computers also allow you to vent anger against ones and zeros. Muny pundits like @ ORGANIZATION1 believe people will be talking to strangers on websites like Facebook and myspace. If the parent places it on websites, and only friends can profile you, you'll be much safer. Communications Engineer @ PERSON1 says it's better for people to talk about it online than not. , then I got a facebook and it's like they're next door. @ CAPS1. @ ORGANIZATION2 @ PERSON1 says @ PERCENT1 strangers who are molestores / thugs go after people who don't protect their profile, so protect your profile and be safe. Computers are better than going to Libra ! It's there because going to the library means you have to collect the kids, get in the horn, and go. With a computer, you can just go to your office and do some research, which saves money or gas. If you have a project, you can just send it directly to the teacher. In many experts today like @ CAPS1. @ ORGANIZATION2 a driving experience that is rigged. Violence, they say, is cursed by games, but they use test subjects like the bad people you don't want to meet. I have found video games to be a great way to deal with stress during the day. Muny from my friends also found this. Video games make you think that's why they're good too. In conclusion, computers are excellent. They make the ability to communicate with friends allow you to vent your anger. What's not to like? Get a computer now !!
Every year the world becomes more and more advanced in technology. Technology helps and benefits us all in a positive way. Computers are part of this positive technology and definitely benefit society. Computers help us find places and things we have never seen before and teach us about them as well. In addition, computers have a positive impact on families and benefit them greatly. In addition, they help seniors from college to high school teens communicate with their friends. Therefore, computers help us all in some way and make life easier and more fun. For starters, computers help us expand our knowledge. It helps us to quickly search for recent facts or news. For example, just recently the @ DATE1 @ CAPS1 happened and they are usually late at night so I couldn't see the whole competition. I could easily go and search the computer to see who won which medals. computers have helped me by quickly searching for medals so I don't have to wonder who hasn't won medals. Computers help us expand our knowledge all the time. They help us research facts to report, places we want to travel to, discover the benefits of a certain pet, and the possibilities can be endless. to continue, computers help families by bringing them together in some way. A family member might watch a funny video on youtube or @ ORGANIZATION1 and might think it's so funny they want their whole family to see you. Additionally, stores now sell clothes online so that mother and daughter can sit together and shop without leaving home. Computers bring my family together by renting @ LOCATION1 movies on the computer. It brings us together when we pick and choose which movie to rent. Plus, it brings us together for a family movie night. As a result, those things the computer gives sparks discussion in the family and makes for a good topic that everyone can relate to and everyone can talk about. Another way that computers are beneficial is that they bring everyone together. There are many ways to communicate on the computer these days. There is facebook, twitter, email, goal and many more. They're all different, but one thing they have in common is bringing together old friends and new friends. For example, my mom just logged in to be on Facebook so she could talk to all her old friends in high school and she found a really good friend that she hasn't seen in ages, it really made her feel good. happy. Therefore, it shows that computers are not only used to bring new people together, but old ones as well.
Dear local newspaper, I agree with the experts when they say that people spend too much time on computers. The reason is that people don't exercise enough. Second, new websites have been created and people want to see how @ CAPS1 works. Three, more and more teenagers have the new technology. They are on @ CAPS1 all the time and don't realize they aren't spending time with their family. Now that you know, let's get to my first reason. First of all, people spend a lot of time on the computer, they don't have time to go out and exercise. More and more people probably think they don't need to go out. Really they do, @ CAPS1 is important that they get their body moving and blood circulating in their body. Another thing is that we don't always need to get the answers from the computer. @ CAPS1 is in the east to find and play with friends. Find something to do other than play games on the computer. Now that you know, let's move on to the second reason. Second, the computer network came up with new ideas for the computer. They now have facebook. More and more people are using Facebook now. It shows us that they won't go out and play, it also means most kids won't do their homework. Another thing is that either parents set a time on the computer or they take @ CAPS1. It's just so much time that you can be on the computer and not get bored. Now that you know this, let's move on to the last reason. Third, I would like to say that people spend more time on the computer than with their own families. The reason I am saying this is because @ CAPS1 is important for spending so much time with family and friends instead of being on the @ NUM1 computer. We also need to know what is going on in our daily life. Another thing is our family is much better than a game on the computer, hang out with your family and play wiffle ball. Now that you know that, let's move on to the conclusion. In conclusion, you read an essay explaining how people spend more time on the computer rather than going out for exercise, a new website to keep them longer and not spend enough time with their family and their friends. @ CAPS1 is important to have a time limit on the computer and to get up and move around. Don't be a lazy couch potato and sit on the computer all day, go out and hang out with your family and friends, hope you agree with me.
Dear local newspaper, I agree with the experts concerned, I am sure many others agree as well. I bet you if you keep reading that would be understandable why i agree. First of all, too many people spend too much time talking with friends online. I think once you start chatting with them online, end the conversation face to face or over the phone. Talking online is a great way to connect with friends and people you haven't seen in a long time, but too much can cause problems. For example rumors. In my opinion, when friends get horny online they decide to start rumors about other people and it ends up being sent to almost everyone. Another example is the online argument which can lead to many problems like fights when you go back to school. How would you feel if you turned on your computer and found that someone had talked about you or that someone was trying to start a fight with you? I'm sure you wouldn't like it and your feeling might be hurt. The next reason is that being too much on the computer can affect most people's grades. A lot of people go home and turn on their computers instead of doing homework or studying. There are a lot of people who go to my school and their grades have dropped because of online use. Soon a lot of people will be held up because they failed the school year. For example, imagine yourself as a parent and get your kid's newsletter and find out that they have all @ CAPS1 or most @ CAPS2. You wouldn't like that either. Finally, computers have caused another problem called bullying. Too many children are harassed online and they are hurt. Those kids who are bullies take advantage while kids who are bullied are sad. Thinking that no one cares about them. Bullying has caused death or many other problems. Imagine being someone being bullied and your feelings really hurt you are not talking to an adult or a parent all you end up doing is killing yourself. Imagine how many parents are upset and how upset yours would be to find out their child has been bullied to death it really hurts them. And I'm sure if you were one of those parents, you won't be too happy. In conclusion, being too online affects everyone and
Dear @ CAPS1 from @ LOCATION1, @ CAPS2 the world having a network where people can connect, learn and work effectively. This wonderful network is here in our computers. Computers benefit society because they help @ CAPS3 connect with distant places, develop hand-eye coordination, and work faster. Before computers, we were isolated in our immediate area. @ CAPS2 being stuck in our city oblivious to the rest of the world, unable to enjoy the beauty of @ LOCATION3 or send help to the hungry people of @ LOCATION2. @ PERCENT1 money donated to @ ORGANIZATION1 an organization that helps in global disasters comes from the Internet. Without the computer, how would our volunteer people help the rest of the world, or even know about the rest of the world ? Give our community the opportunity to reach the most remote parts of the globe, give them computers. Computers produce more intense games and activities than you can find elsewhere. Playing baseball just doesn't require enough concentration. The complex computer experience helps future engineers or even pilots develop concentration and hand-eye coordination that could save lives. @ PERSON1, who trains the air force @ CAPS3, looks at the effects of computers. “They had a great positive impact. " He says. "Soldiers @ CAPS4 have excellent eyes for controls and incredible reflexes, which makes them natural pilots." @ CAPS5, doesn't our community have the opportunity to excel too ? The computers we own train @ CAPS3 because we use them to have reflexes and hand-eye coordination equal to the best of the military. Computers make our lives as enjoyable as they are meaningful by getting our jobs done faster. Before @ CAPS7 computers and the computation took @ PERCENT2 longer, but now they do our job quickly and without error. @ NUM1 author @ PERSON2 says "The @ CAPS4 computer helps me type @ CAPS4 writing much faster and it's done well, more importantly." @ CAPS7 and typing is simply more efficient when using a computer. Accountants, students, and even journalists in your own newspaper need computers to work faster and more efficiently. Don't delay the efforts of the workers in our community, give them what they need in computers! Computers are too important and beneficial to be lost. Our community benefits from the computers that help @ CAPS3 connect with remote locations, give @ CAPS3 hand-eye coordination, and help @ CAPS3 run quickly and properly. So explain in your next article that we need our computers. Computers are needed in our community and we would be the last without them!
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, the computers are out ! The effects of excessive computer use can seriously change a person's life ! People who spend too much time on their computers are likely to spend less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. I believe that the act of computers crushing a person's life should be taken seriously. Exercise, an essential part of everyone's life, since the development of the Internet forty years ago, the average @ CAPS1 or internal body mass of the average person has increased by fifteen percent! It's not self-confidence, computers are making more and more people challenge themselves to go that extra mile, or swim that extra lap, and instead they come home and play on. their computers. Not only does this hurt people's weight, but exercise equipment store owners are having to close their stores as fewer and fewer people come in to train or exercise the way they should every day ! Our children are also affected by this addictive sensation, childhood obesity is one of the main effects on children because when heard playing on it they also stop exercising and play video games. The average number of people who went to @ LOCATION2 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 each year was around @ NUM1, but since the invention of the computer, attendance has fallen to over @ NUM2 people each year. Fewer and fewer people appreciate a fresh @ DATE1 and instead spend it inside their country. It hurts people as well as the wildlife around them. The ratio of squirrels to inhabitants of @ LOCATION2 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 was @ NUM3 in @ DATE2, the year the computer invented. But barely ten years later, they've changed so now they're squirrels! This is because now that there are fewer people who feel less squirrels living in the @ CAPS3 @ CAPS3, have gone to live in the to find food on their own. The tour guides who worked at @ LOCATION2 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3, we are fired because less people want a tour so less tour guides are needed. Families find that the more a person plays on a computer, the less time they will spend talking to @ LOCATION1 or @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5. Scientists have estimated that three different people spend an hour reading a book, another spend an hour on a computer, and three hours on a computer to see who could stay in a conversation with their mother the longest. The first person spent twenty minutes on the phone with his mother, the second only ten minutes, and the last five minutes only. This shows that the more time spent on a computer, the less interaction there is between son and mother, an important relationship in everyone's life. The mother worries that the next time they have a barbecue, @ PERSON1 will not be in her room, playing on her computer like the last time. @ PERSON2 was chosen to conduct an experiment on @ PERSON2 had three friends @ CAPS6, @ PERSON3 and
I went out to get the mail and the newspaper. I saw the first page talking about a computer. One article said, Too Much Computer Use. I thought he wasn't going to sell more computers, but that says people use computers and don't exercise a lot. I think it will be easy for people to stop using their computers. I had a friend who couldn't use the computer. He spent his hour playing outside. In the @ DATE1, he tries his hand at baseball @ CAPS1. He's a very good athlete. He also grates at school. Other people without a gob aren't looking for something to do, they're in front of the computer every day. When they should be working around and inside the house. People with computers shouldn't be all day long like those friends my friend uses his computer every time he comes home from school. He doesn't do his homework on time. Whenever he doesn't want to go out and exercise his mind or get some sun, sometimes he doesn't eat, so he should let his brain rest and do physical things that will help him. Another person such as computer scientists should write a note to people with computers saying how the computer can be addicted to people and maybe realize how often they should be using their computer and using it to fetch information. and make collages. She started using the computer to chat with people and ended up using the computer a lot and not doing collage. I believe that computers have a major impact on people. People should have fun not being in front of the computer all the time. Many adults do not use the computer, especially adolescents and children. People should go to the gym and build strong muscles. They should stay away from the computer for a while. Against the computer would be the right thing to do.
Dear journal @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 The opinion of computers is that they have a positive effect on people. I think this because I know people who exercise and mainly use the computer, I don't think computers are a bad thing. Some people learn on the computer. They learn to exercise. Of course, some people chat and find out about this faraway place where they could go and explore nature and nature. I think computers have a big effect on people, they help a lot. I know uncle @ CAPS2 who came from @ LOCATION1, he learned to speak English from the computer. He learned a lot and we were all proud. There are many effects that computers have on people. People have online courses, they go to @ CAPS3 single moms with kids for example, they get their computer science degrees and degrees online. And their other aunts and uncles @ CAPS3 @ CAPS2 they go to online English classes and work. Lots of people have online courses. @ CAPS3 I go to @ PERSON1 all the time all the time. @ CAPS4 teaches me to type. @ CAPS4 is fun, but also educated. I think all computers have positive effects on people. Not all of them should be one computer with negative effects on people. But that is only by the opinion of @ CAPS2. Computers are @ CAPS3 robots, they do a lot for us. We type reports, learn, read online. And then there were also online games and educated games. I believe there are a lot of resources. You can research a lot of things. For example, you can search: mystery, animals, natures and places. You wouldn't believe how many results the computer has. So that would have negative effects from the computer. All @ CAPS4 tries to do is help us and education @ CAPS4 sometimes helps me with @ CAPS2 Spanish. So why would people think that computers are not good ideas? Computers are great for everything. I could go on and see what the weather will be like tomorrow. I could also see what the news was and I could contact the teachers at @ CAPS2 through the computer. I think a computer will always have a positive effect on people.
Dear local @ CAPS1, I am delighted to write this letter to you. It has come to my attention that people who support technological advancements believe that computers have a positive effect on people. I agree with these people. I agree with them because one: you can communicate with your family and friends by email, via @ CAPS2, via @ CAPS3 ets. Number two : you can use a computer to do research, and number three : it can show you directions or give you information. in a restaurant or a place where you want to go. I will now go into more detail on these three topics. You can communicate with your family or friends through a computer. For example my amor friend when we were best friends and we were in third grade he had to move to @ LOCATION1. I cried the first day he moved. then the next week i got an email from him and now we can keep in touch with each other. He comes to @ LOCATION2 every @ DATE2 and we go out together. Maybe someday I would like to go visit him now at @ LOCATION3 because he has moved again, but I will need to do some research on @ LOCATION3 first. With a computer you can research a lot of things like this year our @ CAPS4 language class read a book called "my brother @ CAPS5 is dead" and it was a true story. We had to research the book and found out that without computers how could I search for anything on the website where it shared everything, a description of the thing and how to get there (directions). Directions are very important. They show you how to get to a certain destination. You can get directions from a computer. I remember one year I had to go to my friends birthday party and we didn't know how to get there. So I went online on @ DATE1 and got the instructions from there and printed them out and found the place in @ NUM1 minutes. Without a computer, we could have found the house easily. You @ MONTH1 disagree with me on this point because a computer can have bad websites and it can also get very addicting for some people, but I think I am right. Thanks for reading this letter, again computers are good for learning!
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, did you know that computers can keep you from doing a lot of things? Instead of going to the computer, you can exercise more, play outside, and spend more time with family and friends. That is why you have to spend less time on the computer. Exercise is important to your body and computers are not. you can gain weight and exercise in your bedroom. A trip to the beach doesn't sound bad either. Just by doing this, you lose a lot of weight and don't gain weight on the computer. So go exercise and lose weight because it is good for you! Computers also prevent you from getting fresh air and playing outside. When you are outdoors you see that playing is much better than pressing buttons and clicking everywhere. On the computer. You don't even have to play outside, you can just walk with someone or just sit on the grass and talk. The computer is preventing you from doing all of these fun activities outside. Spending time with your family is a huge activity that your computer keeps you from doing. You are on the computer for an hour and your family is having a barbecue. You finally leave that computer and realize that spending time with them is so much fun than sitting down and looking at the screen. that's why the computer is a distraction for everyone because you don't want to exercise, play outside, or spend time with the family. you can use the computer but don't stay too long because you run out of fun.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1's opinion on the effects of computers is that while there are good benefits coming out of it, I more firmly believe that problems and negative situations arise from computers and affect people. people with a greater impact in a less good way. @ CAPS1 Three main reasons why I think there are more negative than positive and constructive impacts of computers are @ CAPS2-bullying is a really big deal. There are also many “ scams ” and “ drawbacks ” on @ CAPS9. Finally, there is a lot of misleading or misleading information online. Going back to the first reason for @ CAPS1, "@ CAPS2-bullying". Bullying @ CAPS2 can be described as crude or mean teasing on @ CAPS9. On social media sites such as @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5, @ CAPS6, etc. '@ CAPS2-bullying' can include teasing, hurtful comments, horrible name-calling, and avian language. This is much more effective than regular bullying, like " Give me your lunch money " because once you say words on @ CAPS9 you can never take them back no matter how hard you try. '@ CAPS2-bullying' is the new generation of resources. Second, the scams and inconvenience come from @ CAPS9 / computers. When you buy items online, you never really know what you are going to get. @ CAPS1 father has been scammed, or log on to @ CAPS9. He was looking on what appeared to be a very official site to buy a big boat. He drove to @ LOCATION1 to get it. He took it out on the water at @ LOCATION2, at our home @ DATE1, and the motor and motor were broken. This is what can happen when buying something on the @ CAPS9. Finally, disinformation can be another negative impact of computers. When looking for a topic you have to stick to the library, it @ MONTH1 looks old fashioned and slow, but when you search @ CAPS9 you have to remember that anyone can post or post anything, even misleading or false statements and " information " online. Searching for topics is not the only way to get false information. People can pretend to be who they are not in real life, which is why anonymous chat rooms and instant messaging are dangerous and unreliable. In conclusion, @ CAPS9 fundamentally has stronger negative impacts and consequences than positive ones. Because @ CAPS2 bullying, scam or scam and misinformation are all negative factors of @ CAPS9 and outweigh the positives.
Dear Diary, Computers are not an advantage for us because we spent a lot of time there, not everyone has a computer and they cost a computer. Not everyone knows how to use it. If we were to time the many hours we spend on the computer, people would be amazed at what they sounded like. People go by randomly looking for things when they could be outdoors, biking, or taking a walk. And you can't do it with a computer. Not everyone has a computer because it costs so much @ MONEY1 that a bacik computer can cost more than @ NUM1 and more and it is @ MONEY1 on that computer. Then you have to pay on the internet to be able to @ NUM2 per month. And you have to pay for surton aps like (windos, microsoft ect.) The bill on a computer for a while and people don't realize that when they pay for internet they don't get what cable com said they give you. Not everyone knows how to use a computer, just as older people do not really know how to use the full ptonole of a computer. Because they never learned to use the computer. In this, the computer is not a help to our society. Because of the time, cost, and cost of computers.
Dear @ LOCATION1, Have you ever found yourself thinking about the computer or wishing you were there? I have heard that you are looking to see if computers have a negative or a positive impact on society. I feel like it's a negative effect because I spend less time exercising with my family or friends, and it's very easy to get addicted. Exercise, a very important thing for a healthy body and mind, @ CAPS1 has enough trouble finding the time to do so. So instead of that free time to exercise, they'll probably be on Facebook. Plus, computer maintenance will waste your exercise time. Just @ DATE1, my computer had a virus that I needed to fix and it took forever. This time while I was fixing it could have been some precious exercise time. Another key point to consider is obesity. We should be standing and moving, not just adjusting and looking at a computer for @ NUM1 hours at a time. I love spending time with my friends and family. I mean who is not right? Computers are only far away from these children, be on Facebook as soon as they eat a good meal with their family. My @ CAPS2 always told me that there were still some (and stupid) things that he @ CAPS2 with his friend. Now just wkids @ easy CAPS3. We'll never have the social that our parents think it's so important to spend time with and as a family because you never find out when you're going to lose them. Drug addiction is serious business. computer addiction is too. Our generation is so dependent on computers. For example, in the car with the @ CAPS4. Just plug it in and it tells you where to go. What happens when it slows down? You will know where to go because you have never learned to read a map. or if your computer slows down? You will have to send a better one by mail that the kids typed instead of writing. this skill would be lost and you will have to learn it again. As you can see, the bill is not a laughing matter. Again, I have to extend the negative effect of computers.
To whomever @ MONTH1, I think computers are a good thing. It's good because you get to know foreign places. Keep in touch with your family and friends and it's good entertainment. First, computers are great for learning about foreign places. On computers, you can search for a location and view photos before you go. If I wanted to go to a faraway place like @ LOCATION3. I would go to the computer and find the best part to go and look at different hotels to stay on the reviews it got. Also, if someone were to do an article about another country or even state that they have never been there, they would use the computer. Of course, you can get the same information from books, but you can filter out what you don't need on the computer. In my history lessons, I had to report on the state of @ LOCATION2. I've never been there so I want to on the computer. The books could have given me the same information, but the computers are always up to date and accurate. Second, computers help you stay in touch with family and friends. There are many websites that allow you to share photos and talk to your friends or family. I recently signed up on Facebook and can talk to friends instead of using my texts and having to pay my phone bill every month. My dad also has a facebook, he talks to people he hasn't seen since moving from the white mountains @ LOCATION1. Some other sites are objective, aol, and myspace. Finally, computers are good entertainment. Computers allow you to see that gig you didn't go to or that movie that never gets on TV. When I went to a skate demo at skate lair, I had a lot of fun. The other day I started to think about it. I went to youtube and typed in "nike sb skate lair demo" and clicked on it. I looked at it and halfway I saw my face! I was so excited. The computer also allows you to consult the news and the weather. That's good because if you're on the road and want to see what's going on, you can pull out a laptop and check the weather or the news. That's why I think computers are needed. Yes, people stay four hours at a time, but most people only stay for a small amount.
Dear Diary, I strongly believe that people spend a lot of time on computers, a lot of teenagers spend a lot of time on computers, I also think so from my own experience and I asked @ PERSON1 @ NUM1 grade @ CAPS4 class. I would first like to broaden my idea of teens who spend a lot of time on the computer, some teens go on the internet and do their homework or might check their email, others go to @ CAPS1 for hours and are become addicted, so they are not outdoors or playing sports. From my own experience, I had a @ CAPS1 and would be there all day and miss spending time with my family and friends. So I deleted the account. But, I still feel addicted to the computer, still listen to music or chat with my friends or check my email like most of the people on it, @ PERCENT2 said they spend @ PERCENT3 from people. Let them now go to the computer. These only one class @ NUM1 most students are addicted to. * whatever the age. This is why I believe that people spend too much time or the. Many students go to @ CAPS1 for hours and in my own experience I have become addicted to the comp. and @ PERSON1's @ NUM1 grade @ CAPS4 when I interviewed them there and a really high percentage of people who said they were addicted to computers. So parents please tell your kids if they need to spend less time on the computer.
Dear @ CAPS1 Have you ever wondered how much the World Wide Web has to offer? I would totally agree that computers have a beneficial effect on people. They teach hand-eye coordination, give people the chance to learn about faraway places, and they give people the chance to reconnect or new people. The internet has so much to offer and is absolutely beneficial. Studies by @ PERSON1, physician at @ ORGANIZATION1 reported that @ PERCENT1 of people who type on the computer have better hand-eye coordination than those who don't. You might be improving your coordination without even knowing it ! Smart people will agree that being on the computer is very useful for you. There are many computer games that you need to react quickly and use quick reflex and hand-eye coordination. I personally know that it has helped us. Since @ CAPS2 is no longer on the computer, I have noticed that my reaction time out of this block has improved dramatically ! Yes, I know some people should go out and exercise, but you can exercise and improve your hand-eye coordination, either way you could go wrong. As the massif is in space as high, take in fascinating worlds with computers. Computer technology to discover distant lands. Kevin, scientist that @ PERCENT2 of our knowledge about space comes from computers ! For example, think of Google Earth; it allows the human eye to see clear images from anywhere in the world ! I think you would agree that without computers we would have a lot of knowledge about the wonderful world around us. Would you prefer that we didn't have computers and that we didn't know half of what we live in ? With these high-tech computers, we can learn about life outside like space and other galaxies. Did you know that @ NUM1 of the population uses the computer to talk and reconnect with friends and family. I know yes! I know people shouldn't be in front of a computer talking to people. But it's a great way to keep in touch with people. They have awesome websites like skype and oovo that let you chat with other people. Friendly and educated people agree that this is a good way to catch up with old high school friends or even go back to elementary school. Another great aspect of online communication is that long friendships can be created. Newly explained, now they are no longer online and have come so close that they! Personally, I know I go to camp @ DATE1 every year and make new friends. Internet sites like Facebook have helped me stay in touch with her. Clearly, this is a great source to use! The time has come to decide that the choice of using computers would certainly be a good one. Without a doubt, it will definitely help you; hand-eye coordination and allows you to talk or reconnect with people. Most importantly, it gives people the opportunity to experience the wonders of distant places. So don't make the wrong choice, enjoy and use all that computers have to offer.
Dear Diary, @ CAPS1 do you want to learn good hand-eye coordination? @ CAPS1 do you want to be able to explore faraway places? And @ CAPS1 do you want to talk online with other people? If you answered @ CAPS3 to all of these questions, then using a computer is the way to go ! Using a computer you can @ CAPS1 a lot of things. You can search for a good, healthy recipe for your family or find a good place to relax @ CAPS1 for your daily yoga. While some people say that using a computer cuts down your time for exercising and enjoying nature, it really isn't. A recent survey spoke of Planet Fitness in Newington @ CAPS2 and it showed that @ PERCENT1 of people exercising found Planet Fitness on the Internet. @ PERSON1 nature of the health and wellness department said "@ PERCENT2 of my clients are exercising online at home so they don't have to be in public." @ CAPS3 I know it seems lazy not to go to a gym but, some people are terrified of what other people think of them so I mean who doesn't want to exercise in the comfort of warning to your own home and not having to go to a sweaty old gym? All sane people would stay home and exercise from their computers and not have to go to a sweaty and smelly gym. So it never is. @ CAPS1 do you go to a sweaty old gym, or @ CAPS1 do you stay in your own handsome with the inernet? Image, as soon as you get up well rested, instead of going to a yuchy gym, you can stay home and enjoy a relaxing stroll in the comfort of your own home. You certainly care about your nose and want to be able to smell a good, savvy apple. But if it doesn't, that's fine too. So don't go to a gym, stay at home and enjoy your day with your internet !!! I say stay in the name and love your internet !!!
Dear members of the daily staff, I have seen some of your own disagreements over the use of computers. For my part, I think that using a comentor is really not that bad. For example, the computer is actually good for education. Many use them to create @ NUM1 pictures of things for school projects or science fair projects. I use these machines to play video games to cure my boredom like most young teens and children do. Unlike most people, I don't stay on it forever. I usually play for a few hours. There are a few drawbacks to having a computer in the house. On the one hand, the machines consume energy in the house, which increases the electricity bill and @ DATE1. On some websites there are people who try to be a stalker like the my space website and Twitter, but on the bright side, those who try to be a stalker are usually instantly caught and put in jail. Computers actually have a positive effect on the mind and movement. For example, children who have computers learn to fly a kite or on their own with their parents watching them and they learn hand-eye. Many children who play sports with computers actually catch a ball faster than usual. So you can see that computers aren't that bad. So please think about what will happen to children if computers are banned.
I believe computers have a positive effect on people. Computers are a relatively new invention, they have become very popular. Computers allow people to talk to each other online. They also allow students to complete homework and important projects. Computers also allow people to store important files and pictures in places that will not be lost. Computers are useful in many ways, but these are just a few. Computers allow people to connect. whether @ CAPS3 by e-mail, instant messaging or video chat, computers replace the old means of communication @ ORGANIZATION1. For example, instead, @ ORGANIZATION1 writes someone a letter, sends them @ CAPS3 and has to wait two days for them to receive @ CAPS3, send them an email ! Get an email address, enter a message, and click send. They'll get the message instantly and even reply soon enough to @ PERSON1, the @ ORGANIZATION1 President @ ORGANIZATION1, says, “ Computers are an important part of technology. People use them every day. " @ CAPS1 them everyday doesn't mean just for fun. @ CAPS3 also helps at work. Three of @ ORGANIZATION1 four adults who have used computers say they help them with their jobs and social status. Computers are part of @ ORGANIZATION1's daily life and can help with almost anything. Computers allow students to complete their homework and projects fairly quickly. Instead, @ ORGANIZATION1 handwrites this four page essay on @ PERSON2 @ CAPS1 manuals and uses the Internet to find information. Computers also allow students to send e-mails to teachers in case @ ORGANIZATION1 misses lessons and homework. @ CAPS4 @ PERSON3, a student from @ ORGANIZATION2 who had missed several days at school @ ORGANIZATION1, said : "@ CAPS2 I had to email my teachers, and they sent me to @ CAPS2 on assignment . I missed @ CAPS3 was so easy. " @ CAPS4 isn't the only one who agrees that computers are a big help. Millions of children and adults @ ORGANIZATION1 agree. Computers don't just allow students to write reports; they also allow them to keep them for future uses. They also save important files and valuable images. Everyone hates @ CAPS3 when their camera or video camera breaks, and will their precious and wonderful memories be gone. Well, just save them on the computer, and they will be there forever ! @ NUM1 on @ ORGANIZATION1 @ NUM2 people who store @ CAPS2 their photos in a computer agree that this is the best way to do @ CAPS3. In conclusion, computers have a positive effect on people. They allow people to talk online. do homework and projects, and store important files. I can assume that everyone agrees with me that computers are an important part of @ ORGANIZATION1's daily life. We just wouldn't be the world we are without them.
Dear @ LOCATION1, I think computers are a great tool for everyone if they use them right. Here are my reasons. First of all, I think computers are good because news travels fast. Using the internet, the news that changes the world can spread like wildfire and educate everyone within seconds. It's great for staying in the know and reading things you need to know. It reminds me of when a massive earthquake hit @ LOCATION2 and traumatized its citizens. A few moments after the accidents, he was already making the rounds of the Internet. This brought the attention of the masses to @ LOCATION2, which caused many people to donate and need items. Second, the computer is also useful for researching subjects of academic and common interest. If you need facts for a school project you can easily search for what you need thanks to the wide variety of search engines on the internet, you will be able to identify exactly what you are and search for things that interest you. If you have a sports team, a favorite group, or if you are interested in a famous figure, you have tons of information at your disposal. You can do all of this in the privacy of your own home so you can stay as secret as an @ ORGANIZATION1 agent. It reminds me of when my idols died. A few seconds after hearing the tragic news, I was able to research the subject and obtain endless information regarding his death. Finally, you can chat with anyone from all over the world if you want! By using social networking sites like Facebook and myspace, you can connect with your friends and chat with them for hours. You can also enter chat rooms with people who share a common interest with you. Just like I tell people about a band we both love. I think accessing news, researching, and keeping in touch with your friends are without a doubt the best reasons to use a computer. What are you waiting for? Take one!
Dear @ CAPS1, I am writing this letter to give you my opinion on the effects of computers on people. I disagree, I think the experts are correct that people spend too much time on their computers. My following reasons will explain why I disagree. I think there is also a problem with computers. Please read on to understand my reasons. First of all, the reason I disagree with those who support the technology is that there is no security ! I think chatting online is great but dangerous. For example, most of the kids are tracked and it's usually online. This is because all the information is passed on to unknown people. In addition, children become dangerous, for example they are kidnapped for this informal and the people they talk to. Second, I disagree as it has caused addiction to computers as well. Most people get addicted to certain things they do online. These lives can also become dangerous. For example, people play video games in which people kill and commit crimes. We cannot fail to do this in the "real" world. This kind of game also causes people to become dangerous. Another example is that we have had students who bring in because violence is the answer when it does! Computer addiction is so severe that people have a great time watching and interacting with things. Finally, I do not agree because it is also. Most people who are and still are. These come into a lifetime because you are enjoying the whole thing. For example, people are dying of. This letter will affect others, so thanks for Hope people can understand why I disagree.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3, @ DATE1's company is much more different than it was twenty years ago. We have phones that can easily let us browse the web as we please, just like a computer. Our access to such a vast network brings us together, can expand mental horizons, and keep many of @ CAPS5's hard workers on one key point so that when the time to work arrives, they are ready. Not everyone agrees that technology is good for our growth, but I think it allows us to move forward and move away from ignorance in all its forms. Our construction workers work hard during their busy seasons. They are vigorously building pig towers, educational facilities, additions to our health center, and even the very places we call our home. However, when time is not on their side and building anything can be dangerous in the long run, they should always be ready when duty calls. Lately, there have been advancements in technology to help chain operators maintain their visual skills during their winter season. It @ MONTH1 seems easy to the untrained viewer. To one, @ MONTH1 seems like all they are doing is sitting down pulling a few levers and pressing a few buttons. However, there is in fact a persition to such a task. Pull the lever too quickly and the crane may suddenly go in the wrong direction and tip it over. One of the feild reponters tried the @ CAPS1 virtual trainer and found an @ CAPS1 review for jobs with our builders. This just shows that @ CAPS5 one does not control such skill, they could in fact cause serious malfunction on a construction site. Personally, I find it very fun and at the same time educational to learn a language different from mine. In fact, I myself learn @ CAPS4 at home. However, @ CAPS5, I didn't have a computer at home, my studies would be almost impossible. With the economy of @ DATE1, going to an out of school class, or even hiring a personal tutor, can be enough to knock anyone's budget. The Internet offers an effective, if not free, way to help any language learner. One can even find study tips from native speakers to those who have already learned a lot about the language. In @ DATE1's company, not everyone has time to go to the library and pick up a book on a country that interests them. Some @ MONTH1 say that asking a neighbor about their home can be just as emotional, but it can be awkward for those who don't do particularly well face to face. However, having a complete tool on hand can make learning an enjoyable experience. Once, you can find blog posts about someone's visit to their country of interest and even videos of their time there. Websites designed entirely for those interested in a particular culture can also come in handy. On the other hand, @ CAPS5 someone had to find and accept a vacation spot recommended by locals, this information can also be found. Some people don't like being in an area where they can connect with their families with just a call or a drive. A @ MONTH1 must take a plane or pay to take with relatives. Social networks on the web make connecting with those in love easier and more affordable. The speed of instant messaging can make it seem like they're in the same room rather than across the ocean. Hope whatever I have for traveling can be of use to someone who hasn't been able to take advantage of technological advancements. Remember, technology can serve as a tool for skills maintenance, education and connection for our foreign-born citizens. thank you for
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 are great arguments for whether computers are good or bad. I think computers benefit our society. Why, because it makes socializing easier, you can gain a lot of education and also help with business. Wow I can't believe how easy it is to have other people with computers. The computer helps the family to chat with family and friends to chat with friends. It helps people socialize by leaving hard-copy messages that will always be forwarded and picked up, even if family members go on vacation, you can still contact them. Or quite simply, if a friend cannot make it to another friend's house, they continue to talk on the computer. Plus, a computer gives you the opportunity to socialize with people around the world. It's amazing how easy it is to talk to other people on the computer. I am truly amazed at how much education we have gained using the computer. Computers have given us a lot to learn. Before computers, you learned things from books, and a lot of those books couldn't teach you as well as a computer does. With a computer, you can learn about space, stars and planets. Also with computers you can learn about other nations. What the culture and landscapes of @ CAPS1 look like without even being @ CAPS1. Computers have really played a vital role in our education. Computers have done a lot of things, but not as much as business. The computer itself was a business and people were modeling a lot of money. It has helped businesses organize @ CAPS1's work and money and give people plenty of jobs working on computers. It also gave businesses a faster, more efficient way to get people up and running @ CAPS1. Computers have played a vital role in the creation of our economy. Computers have made socialization easier for a long time. The ability for us to get more education. It also helps our businesses. That's why I think computers have benefited our society.
Dear journal @ CAPS1, I am writing you a letter about my thoughts on the effects computers have on people. One of my reasons is that people who spend too much time on the computers they turn on their lives are missing out on them. But people who work on computers all day is a different thing. My second reason is that people could be on computers and still interact with their families because they live with each other. My last reason is why people want to be on computers all day. I am not talking about people who work on computers. My last reason is that people who spend all their time on the computer let their lives go by. The reason I am saying this is if you are on the computer @ NUM1 your life is going by your side. Because you're not doing anything, you're just sitting in a chair in front of the computer getting bigger. Also, if you are going to be on the computer, at least they will find a job on the computer. But I'm not talking about people who work in IT all day, because they have to. This is their job. This is one of my reasons. My second reason is that the people who introduce me to the computer are always interacting with their families. The reasons I say this is because you could be on the computer and interact with my family because you experience them the same way they do, two when you are not on the computer, you could be with your family and spend time with them. That's why I said you can still interact with your family even if you see it on the computer. The last and final reason is that people spend most of their life on the computer. The person I love because this type of person spends most of their life on the computer and not looking for work, is enjoying their life. Also, if you have kids, you have fun with your kids and make them think they are their parents, that they had fun with them, and that they had someone they could look out for as well. So don't spend your life on the computer getting fat, spend time with their kids, and do something yourself. But I am not talking about people who work on computers. I'm talking about people who don't work on computers. That's why I said don't let your life pass you by. Hope you liked the prompt and won't spend a lot of your life in front of the computer doing nothing, just getting fat and letting your life slip away. I will point out again, I am not talking about the people who have to work in the computer. I'm talking about people who don't work in computers.
I am writing this article to educate you on how most people spend their time on computers. In this article, I'm going to tell you about computers and what people are doing with them these days. Some people use their computers for business purposes. But then again, these are people using them for entertainment and other social things. These are the people who sit in front of the computer all day. What they could do is enjoy life. Go out and get some fresh air. But no, they want to sit indoors all day on the computer. This is now why people want to stay indoors all day on the computer, some people are constantly on their social websites. Such as @ CAPS1 or @ CAPS2. They are obsessed so these are very addicting websites for some people. and then it's the people who just like to look for things. Finally, get off, hang out with your family, the computer will still be there. And only use the computer when you need it. Yes, it's fun to go and find things for your entertainment. But everything is good in moderation. So I hope you will listen and agree with me as well. I think I explained how much you should be using computers. So thank you for listening.
What the accounts keep you from doing is your homework at school. But when you do something on the computer that you are not authorized to do, you end up stuck on a website that you cannot get off your screen. So what I'm trying to say is don't just stay on the computer just @ NUM1 min.
Computers are a common household item these days. Because of all that computers are capable of doing, most people spend a lot more time on the computer than they should, and it affects our society. Computers can be very useful when trying to find information on a topic, but some people go overboard. Some people have their work on computers. Others, like teens, will gamble or have instant messengers, which sometimes keeps outdoor activities away. Another situation with computers is that adults can really get into online gambling which is terrible for a person even in a casino, but now they can do it from their living room couch. Computers can also keep you out, for fresh air and sunlight. Computers are bad in some ways, but good in others. Sometimes computers are a perfect resource. When your history teacher assigns you an @ NUM1 page essay on the Civil War and you have no idea what happened during the Civil War. In this case, computers are good. Or your boss might tell you to find the number of teenage deaths in car crashes from cell phones. Computers seem to be a perfect resource. So far you've learned that computers have their ups and downs, but if computer time was limited, people could do more outdoors or read a book. Some people might abuse computers some might not, but if computer time was limited I think a lot would be different in our society today.
Dear editor, I see there is an argument between computers being good or bad. I think my oppinon can help your decision. I think computers are good. I think they're good because they help kids learn social skills, they help people with bad handwriting, and they help people learn things in the world. First of all, computers help children all over the world to learn social skills. They help them because these are all ways of communicating with people through the computer. There are instant messaging and webcam sites. A service also said that @ PERCENT1 of parents say that the computer there has improved children's social skills a lot. Another thing the computer helps is people with bad handwriting. It helps because you can use Microsoft Word and instead of writing a great report that no one can read you can type that when I have a school paper that cleanliness counts I always put my report back up. It can help a lot of people who can't write as well as others because on the computer you change the font and everything to make it look as good as you want. The last reason I think the computer is a good idea is because a lot of people don't like to read newspapers and watch the news, so they like to research certain topics that they like, to find out what's going on in the world. I know my mom doesn't have time to watch the latest news in the newspaper, but when she checks her emails the first thing that pops up is the biggest news of the day. So people all around work go to the computer to find the latest news. Hope you consider my oppinon when making your decision where you are going to think of all kinds of people that help. People with social issues, people with bad handwriting, and just busy people who can't sit and watch the news. Thank you for your time.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1's opinion is that people are too much on the computer. I have @ NUM1 good reason I think people are on the computer a lot. @ CAPS1 The first reason is that people waste time. Second, not a lot of engry. Third, you just spend your life on the computer, keep reading why I disagree that it's suitable for people. People waste time for fun. They have plenty of time for friends, family, pets, and more. It is especially advisable to go to websites like Facebook, myspace, @ CAPS2, and other people just need to leave the computer and have fun outdoors. Most people don't really get that much enthusiasm. Some people are still inside, they just need to get excited. Our fees may help you go to the gym or jog outside for a while. Being indoors isn't really good for you. Just being inside just makes you a little gang weight. And then you would not have time with your friends, and more only if your interior still loves. Finally, you spend all of your time at home being a computer. And you have no time, engry and much more. You spend all of your time inside computer technology, but you don't have to be on it @ NUM2. You just have time for your friends and family. Now you know @ CAPS1's opinion why computers are good for society. People waste time and everything. People no longer have enthusiasm. And you spend all your time on the computer. Bye.
Dear readers, @ CAPS1 can you imagine not talking to distant friends, knowing only your city, or even failing @ CAPS5 you did not have @ CAPS3? I know I couldn't. Some of the great benefits of having an @ CAPS3 are talking online with friends, seeing new places and things everywhere, and being able to study and test on the Internet. First of all, being able to talk to distant friends and relatives is now passive with the @ CAPS3. The facts show that @ PERCENT1 of the @ LOCATION1 families have distant friends with @ CAPS2, now all of these people can talk to each other ! I'll never forget the moment my close friends moved in, but I still got to talk to him @ CAPS5 from @ CAPS3. Second, the @ CAPS3 lets you discover new places and things all over the world. I would never have known some of the places I have been if it was for a computer, @ ORGANIZATION1 said expert @ CAPS3 @ PERSON1 says "@ CAPS3 is the reason we have a lot of things without @ CAPS3 would not know about the scene. " @ CAPS4, it is now possible to study without @ CAPS5 from @ CAPS3, @ CAPS6 can be done on the internet online. I will never forget the fact that I forget my book, but I am still studying @ CAPS1 @ CAPS5 of the book online. In conclusion, the @ CAPS3 has benefits for you, such as interacting with friends online, discovering new places and being able to study. Computers are just complete advantages.
To whomever @ MONTH1 is concerned, computers can be a great asset to our society, but they are an even bigger barrier. People spend their days at the computer. Almost no one goes out for exercise or to enjoy nature. Maybe the Sea West effect is that hardly anyone interacts with their friends and family. @ CAPS2 you with their friends and family over. @ CAPS2, you don't want to meddle with computers. put the mouse down and go outside! Obesity at @ LOCATION1 is at an all time high. Experts agree that computers and other types of technology are to blame. People who spend a lot of time on the computer hardly ever exercise and this affects them negatively. These people have a shorter lifespan! They may not be there in twenty years to watch their grandchildren grow up. In addition, they have many medical problems. @ PERSON1, an expert on obesity, says: "I have found a positive correlation with the obesity rate and that of @ CAPS1." @ CAPS1 can kill you ! Obesity can also cause heart attacks and infertility! @ CAPS2, you can avoid these diseases and health risks by quitting the computer, why wouldn't you ? Using the computer is not a good price to pay for your health! Do you have good childhood memories that involve nature? I know I do. Most people who spend too much time on the computer don't have the chance to create such memories. They are too preoccupied with the computer to care. Many people will never see any of our national parks! Drew @ PERSON2, a ranger, says. "Over the past few years we have had fewer visitors than ever before." The folks at @ CAPS2 can't tear themselves away from the computer for even a minute to see the splendor of our national, there is obviously something wrong. Get off your computers and get out! I share everything with my friends and family and try to spend as much time as possible with them. Almost everyone who uses the computer often says @ PERCENT1 of the time they use it as an excuse not to see their friends and family. In reality, they don't want to leave him. As a society, we are becoming too reliant on technology, the supervisor says. "I have seen a definite decline in family registrations. We hardly ever see children with friends and family hanging out." She's right. Now is the time to stop using computers! The @ MONTH1 computers are not entirely responsible for the problems mentioned above. Maybe it's the people, even though the computers are contributing to the problem. @ CAPS2 we didn't have computers, there would be more people exercising and enjoying nature. The memories would be when we hung out with friends and family. Now is the time to shut down the computer and get out. Call a friend and take a walk, @ CAPS3 you know you can have fun with our computers.
Dear local newspaper, People are spending too much time on the computer. Instead of exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with real people, they sit, play games, and watch music or movies on the computer. Therefore, I disagree with people who say that computers benefit society. @ LOCATION1, @ LOCATION1, @ LOCATION1. A lot of people's skin is restless and oily because of computers. @ CAPS5 are you asking @ MONTH1 ? People sit in front of their computers all day when they could spend that time exercising, my dad gained a lot of weight when we got a new computer. All he did was sit down and play games like @ CAPS1 wars or @ CAPS2. I couldn't believe he was fat @ CAPS5 so my mom told him and now instead of playing on the computer he goes to the gym. You wouldn't believe that @ CAPS5 has lost a lot of weight. Did you also know that America is one of the fatistic countries because people don't exercise and just play games on their laptops and computers. So it would help America a lot to stop playing softwear and start exercising. So many people miss the works of nature. The cool, relaxing beach air is much nicer than a dark, stuffy room with just the glow of a computer. There is so much to discover so much to explore. So yes you could find the yellow stone gisers online but it is nothing like seeing them in real life. If there were computers in the beginning, the folks at @ DATE1 would never have had an ear to find new lands, you haven't heard of many great explorers by now, have you ? I bet if everyone took a break from the computer some new spices would be found or maybe even a cure for the canser. Who knows what you can do if you go off the beaten track and step into the lush nature. "@ CAPS3 come down and talk to your grandparents." "@ CAPS4 mom, I'm playing on the computer!" @ CAPS5 Has this happened to you several times ? Has your son or daughter been on the computer with @ PERSON1 awesome? They @ MOIS1 wanted to play the computer at that time, but they don't know if it could have been there last day with him. The computer will be there almost forever, people's time is limited. Therefore, hanging out with a relitive is much more important than playing on the computer. I know a kid named @ PERSON2 who was playing on the computer when his friend called him up and invited him over. @ PERSON2 said @ CAPS4. His friend was so distraught and angry. I would be too. How would you like a friend to choose the computer over you ? I hope not. Therefore, computers hurt and are not as good as real people. In conclusion, qualiy time with people, nature and exercise is more important than a light box. I hope you will agree that computers do not always help society.
Dear reporter, I don't think computers benefit our society. I don't believe computers can be dangerous, they make people lazy and you can easily get ripped off on the computer. One of the reasons I don't think computers benefit society is because they are very dangerous. Computers are dangerous because people can be kidnapped or harassed. Police in the city of @ LOCATION1 @ CAPS1 say that more of @ PERCENT1 of the kidnappings are from people encountered on social networks such as myspace and facebook. The police chief also says there are a lot of swear words about people being harassed by stalkers or people trying to harm them. Another reason I don't think computers benefit us is because you can be scammed on the computer very easily. @ PERCENT2 people say they have lost a lot of money to a credit card scam on the computer. On computers, these are sites that will act like they're selling you something and take your credit card number and all the other info you give them and they'll take your card and buy something with it and you have to pay. why credit card companies claim that most credit card scams and fraud happen through the computer. The last reason I don't think computers are good for us is that they make people lazy. Computers make people lazy because they are filled with a bunch of fun stuff like video games and you can watch videos and you can shop and you can see just about anything on a computer. I did some research and found out that @ PERCENT3 overweight people have multiple site accounts on computers. These are the reasons why I don't think computers benefit us. I hope you, too, heed my advice.
In my opinion, I believe computers are good for you. I agree because it can help you connect with other family members around the world. Second, he can teach you new languages that you really wanted to learn, and third, he can keep you up to date with what's going on in the world. First, I think computers are good for you because they can allow you to communicate with your lost loved ones who you hardly see any more. For example, if you miss any of your family members, you can just go to your computer and search for them so that you can type them or talk to them through chat mode, then you will never have that feeling of missing since. You have a computer. Plus, computers can teach you to learn new languages you've always wanted to know, like @ CAPS1, or @ CAPS2, or even @ CAPS3 if you want! You can just go to your computer and type in "language of @ CAPS2", and listen to what @ CAPS2 tells you ! Plus, computers can keep you up to date with what's going on in the world! It is much better to see it on computers than on televisions because the computers give you more information about the situation of the event! Likewise, you can click on " locate area " on the computer and see in which area the incident has taken place. You can also view the videos, view the images and find their location on the computer. Unfortunately, my lecture came to one. These were my top three reasons why computers are good for people: you can communicate with long lost loved ones, you can learn new languages and therefore be up to date on what's going on in the world. Wouldn't you also like to support these incredible events?
The computer is a good way to contact family and friends. People are sending messages all over the world or just to Fon. People like to play video games or be on websites they like. People all over the world use laptops to get from one place to another. Not everyone is on a computer because they think it isn't necessary, but some people like having one to send messages to hang out with or to talk about how your been together. daytime. Lots of people want a computer because they have enough money for @ CAPS2. Some computers cost a lot of money @ MONEY1 like @ MONEY3 or @ MONEY2 and even more than @ MONEY3 or @ MONEY2 it depends on which one they get. All over the world, many people are selling their computers to get money for @ CAPS2 different things like shoes, clothes or games. They always sell stuff on ebay to get less or more money, instead they can't take back the computer to get your money back or to get a new computer. People want classic computers, but now they're coming up with new ones, like touchscreen ones. Lots of people buy them from @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 or @ ORGANIZATION1. Every time the new computers came out, people bought a lot, the company was making a lot of money @ MONEY1 by making the touch screen computers. Every new year the company makes new computers to get thousands or @ MONEY1. All over the world, companies are making different computers to bring out new styles so people can love them and @ CAPS2. New styles they make more money than they make. Some people start their own business to get money like other businesses get theirs, but some @ MONEY1 the money you make goes to government. Money donated to the government is used to take care @ MONEY1 of the homeless. Computers are used for bending over or for fun. People share computers with other people, they can't share it because that wouldn't be fair. Some people take it in turns. Some people don't like to take turns. Everyone shares or owns and whether they use it or not, they cannot force their server to use it if someone wants to access it. Some people lie and say they are going to do it. People like to joke around with others. Parents always say a computer is not a label to play with computers is expensive to fix and get fixed all people spill water on them, the computer goes wrong and people get angry and maybe he just got a new computer. When the computer first came out, people bought them to see what they will look like. A lot of people liked them and they went around the world and people were talking about it and the company was doing more and more of it until it was in stores all over the world. The computer became famous and the company created new styles for everyone. People bought a lot of @ MONEY1 computers every time they released a new style. Lots of people had @ NUM1 or @ NUM2 at home because they @ CAPS2. Companies made other companies crazy because other companies were making better styles. People were ordering online for new computers. And the company, how to make them, is making a lot of money @ MONEY1. The company stopped manufacturing them until it came up with a new computer, the one from @ CAPS1. When they came up with one, the company was crazy to get a better one. Some companies have joined together to make it a whole.
Dear local newspaper, I agree that computers are of great benefit to us. It allows people to explore the world and do anything. In addition, computers are used for a lot of things. Finally, @ NUM1 households on @ NUM2 have at least one computer. Computers therefore allow us to do anything and everything. It helps most people with their jobs, college, or school, and you can even buy a house or a car online. It doesn't cost that much and it's very useful. You can research the facts you need or even play games when you are bored. It allows us to stay in touch with the world. Also, a lot of things require a computer. For example, to play Xbox Live, you need a computer with @ CAPS1. Xbox live lets you play video games with other people or even your friends. Some homework requires computers, and some colleges only work on computers, so you can stay at home. Everything you need, you can find it on the computer. @ NUM1 on @ NUM2 households have computers, or @ PERCENT1 on @ LOCATION1 in a. I agree that some people waste their time, but without computers everything would be much more difficult. For example, suppose you have to wait @ NUM5 days to receive the mail. Just send it by @ CAPS2. Most people wouldn't have a job if it weren't for computers. It saves people time and allows them to do more than have to drive somewhere to give them a letter. So I think computers are a huge plus. Like I said, you can do anything. Like @ CAPS3. It allows you to keep in touch with your friends if you are on vacation. They are also used for several different things, such as downloading music to your @ CAPS4. Also, @ CAPS5, everyone has a computer. If scientists complain about computers, why are they using them? I think computers are great ! But what is your opinion?
Dear @ CAPS1, “ Computers are great ! They do so much for my family and I can't live without a computer. » @ CAPS2 my numerous premises in the city of @ LOCATION1. For me, computers are a place to have fun with all the different applications. But they can also be used to search for anything you can imagine. I also think the computer is important because that is where business people do their work. My favorite part of the computer are apps like @ CAPS3, @ CAPS4, @ CAPS5 and many more. These applications. are great because on @ CAPS5 you can talk to your friends if you don't have a cell phone, or talk to friends who live in another state, @ CAPS3. Easily my favorite app because I can talk to my friends, view photos of them, see who they're dating, and so many other endless possibilities. You can also play and download games to your computer. It's always a lot of fun doing things on the computer that you love, and not having to search all the time. The second thing on the computer is research. Research can be fun and boring no matter how you look at it, but research is educational, and I asked a mom with a @ NUM1 year old, @ NUM2 year old, and @ NUM3 year old and she was says "The most important thing for me on the computer is research. It's fun, enjoyable and most importantly, educational !" The best thing about research is that there are endless amounts of websites with information for you to browse and enjoy. Most of the people who work and have a job are those who are on the computer, and many of them are doing research while working. The people who work are those who are primarily on the @ NUM4 computer. Businessmen, designers, etc. Computers are mainly used by workers for electronic mail. My dad is still on the computer, checking his emails, typing something for this boss; and even talk by videoconference. There are endless possibilities for workers, because for some of them, computers are their job. Computers, in my opinion, are one of the best things ever created. These are the best because they have amazing apps. so that I have fun. But they also offer an educational opportunity through research. And they're great for people with a job. I don't think there is a person who can live without one of these technological beauties.
Dear local newspaper, @ NUM1 on @ NUM2 students at @ ORGANIZATION1 say they spend most of their time on the computer. I think computers have a bad effect on people because they can cause health and safety issues and of course education issues. With all these new technologies, adolescents are not at all aware of their surroundings. Moreover, they are not aware of what is happening to them. Adults use computers too, but not as often as we teenagers. Now is the time to realize what computers are doing for us and for the world today. Computers can cause security problems. Now more than ever, people are using the place where they talk to their friends. But, what they don't know is that the person on the other side might not be who they think they are. Lately on the news we've been hearing about teens being raped or kidnapped because the people they were chatting with on the internet were not who they said they were. Malicious people are still hiding on the Internet and we must prevent them from coming into contact with children. But, even besides having the wrong people online, computers can be harmful to your privacy. Computers may pass your information on to other people, so we have to be really careful. Computers not only cause security problems, but health problems as well. Computers play a major role in destroying our health. Approximately @ PERCENT1 of @ CAPS1 are overweight or obese. Before, television was a problem for people who didn't exercise, but now computers do the exact same thing. There are so many things to do on the computer that you won't be bored. It means there is no way out of it. But, you have to get up and exercise and computers keep people from doing that. It's like it's hypnotizing us because we just don't want to get up. Computers can also have an impact on your vision. I know after a long time on the computer I have a huge headache because my eyes hurt so much. Additionally, computers can prevent people from talking to each other verbally. Talking and interacting allow us to have secure relationships with each other, but computers again hinder it. In addition to interfering with our computers, do the same with education. Computers can be really bad with our education. Students now easily forget to do their homework. There are so many distractions today that among the ones people spend a lot of time on, we forget to do other things that we are supposed to do just because we are distracted. But, even if we forget our homework, we also forget @ MONTH1 to study before a test. This would result in a high rating. Computers shouldn't distract people, but rather help them. I think it's not for people not to get distracted by the computer because it has so many cool features. For example, the Internet and websites like @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4, etc. We have so many distractions that we don't need more ! Computers really don't have a good effect on people. More and more people have computers every day. Should they know what it does to them and what is going on in the world around them to get out and enjoy nature? Maybe, go to the mall with friends and. There are a variety of things to do rather than sticking to the computer all day. People have to stop being and open their eyes to see the effect computers have on people.
Dear @ CAPS1, I am writing you this letter to give you my opinion on the use of the computer. In my opinion, I think some people use and depend too much on computers. Whether it's for a research project, talking to friends and even homework answers. Every day, millions of people are on the computer for hours at a time. Wiggling your fingers doesn't count as exercise and it wastes energy. A lot of people I know would die if they didn't have a computer because friends turned on or made friends because they needed them for their homework. These type of people have to learn how to get things done without technology, because one day that might fail. Some students rely on their technology for work, otherwise they will fail. These children need to learn that there are other ways of doing things. Like hanging out with friends, reading a book, and even doing homework. Since students rely so much on their computers, so always on them. Every day, people I know go home and jump on @ CAPS2 for the rest of the day. They can never do anything like go out and play sports. Many children do not participate in any type of athletic sport. Obesity is a huge problem in @ LOCATION1 and the numbers keep increasing dramatically. Everyone thinks it's begging caused by bad eating habits, it's only half. People who abuse their computers are also a big problem. Children around @ LOCATION1 are stuck on their computers all day checking messages and setting up pictures. While these kids are on the computer, they don't even think they're happy with "@ CAPS3". This problem of computer use is starting to become a major problem with obesity and many people depend on it for virtually everything. So we have to be the first to stop this before it gets bad. It could be a huge problem in the future. So let's start reducing our usage time now.
Dear @ CAPS1, I think computers are not good for people because they could spend that time exercising, spending time with friends and family, and reading. The number one reason I don't think computers are good for people is because they could spend that time exercising instead of @ CAPS2, you could ride a bike or even take a walk. dog, exercising @ MONTH1 is hard work but, it's better than looking on your computer screen. Just because you eat well doesn't mean you're healthy. You also need exercise to stay healthy. So run, run, walk the dog, go to a gym instead of sitting in front of the computer. Another reason why I think computers are not good for you is that while you are on the computer, you might be spending time with your friends and family. Let's say your family goes to the beach, you stay home to play Facebook games. Your family comes back and talks about all the fun they had, even though you weren't there. You could have been part of those memories. Now is the time to compare with your friends. It's movie night, all your friends are going. But, you stay home to do the webcam with your aunt. You stayed home both times just to be on the computer. You missed a lot of things. My last reason I think computers are bad is because, instead of computer time, it should be reading time. Looking at a computer screen and reading is very different from reading a book. Reading books increases your vocabulary, you discover different types of literature. Overall, reading books makes you smarter. When you read online you are only reading what people are saying, basically rumors. READ! In conclusion, I think people should spend more time exercising, spending time with family and friends, and reading instead of being on computers.
@ ORGANIZATION1, In today's age, computers are seen everywhere and they have been so useful. They act as an information superhighway and connect people to each other. New technological advancements have had a positive effect on humans everywhere. First of all, computers are a simple way to have a universe of information at your fingertips. @ PERCENT1 of @ ORGANIZATION2 students report that the first source they use is from the Internet when assigned, written or projected. The Internet is fast, easy, and reliable when you know how to use it. Said student @ PERSON1. Children from @ NUM1 years old learn to use the Internet from multiple encyclopedias, magazines, news sites or other online resources for information. I remember my kindergarten computer class where we would research dinosaurs and weather conditions on kid friendly websites. And now being in college, we are using websites like @ CAPS1 Online for reliable and up to date information. Additionally, I have seen my mother, a nurse and hospital manager, use the internet for videos and articles on how to perform certain procedures and how to organize a productive hospital. The Internet is a great way to have an information highway at the push of a button. Additionally, computers are used as a way for people to stay in touch. @ PERCENT2 of teens say they talk to other peers using @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3, @ CAPS4, or @ CAPS5. It's a great way for us to connect with our busy schedules when we can not always get it together. Plus, with parents losing their jobs in this economic downturn, kids are still on the move. The last @ DATE1 one of my best friends in the world moved to @ LOCATION1. I thought we would never talk again and was so upset to say goodbye, but because of @ CAPS6 and @ CAPS5 we talk nonstop and we have never been closer. And it's not only for young people to have fun with friends, but adults too are using social media. They go online for business and talk about business or future issues and even use it to connect with old friends they haven't spoken to since college or childhood. As you can see the internet has had many positive effects, from finding faster to connecting with old friends, computers are helping everyone. "
Dear local newspaper, I believe that the computer has positive advantages, but it also has negative advantages. Reason 1: You lose interaction with people. Reason two, then you forget to exercise. Third reason, your health is in danger. First, you lose interaction with your family and friends. Because you would spend so much time on computers. It ruins your marriage if you are married. If you have children, you are risking your relationship with them. I'm not saying stop using computers. Because I use them myself. I'm saying don't make the computer your life. This is not good for you! Second, you need to excersize. Statistics show that @ PERCENT1 of people who live on their computers gain weight faster would know, because as a @ NUM1 year I gained a little weight because of computers. Most people when on the computer tend to eat more @ CAPS1 are all well known facts. It has been proven. Since you cannot walk with a computer in hand, you stop moving. This means that you stop exercising. You have to limit your time and there is where I think they (the computers) benefit you. Finally, your health is very much at stake. If you are at the computer for @ NUM2 hours at a time, your eye site will pay. My eyes stink when I'm on the computer for half an hour. Don't you have a headache when you're on the computer for so long? Yes, the computer is fun and it gives you things to do, I'm the first to admit But, it also hurts your health. For being on the computer for so long, you are at risk for carpal tunnel syndrome. Which is very painful. Computers are so much fun and make life easier. But, they have drawbacks. Reason 1: You lose interaction with people. Reason two, you stop exercising. Reason # 3: Your health is at risk. If you limit the time, you'll be fine!
@ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS1 my name is @ PERSON1 and I am writing to you because I want to inform you of the advantages of having computers. I think having computers is a great way for kids like me to learn more about the things in the world. Having a computer also helps those in need and also educates people about remote places in the world. I believe if it weren't for computers, we wouldn't know much about our world. Computers also help us send emergency messages around the world to @ NUM1. Some people don't think that computers have an effect on our society, but I personally think that computers have a very positive effect on people. people also think that computers spend less time exercising, but I think it actually helps people exercise because you can go and teach different exercise techniques. In conclusion, I think computers have a positive effect on society.
Computers are good to use because they tell you everything. For example if you need a number for a restaurant you can just pull it off the computer and sometimes when you want to go on vacation and want to know how much it is costing you go to the computer. And computers are good because if you want to travel to different places, you can go to the computer and look for a map and print it out. But sometimes computers are bad because when people go to websites to chat, people can be adults but talking to little children.
Have you ever wondered what life would be like without a computer? Some experts worry that people are spending too much time on computers. I believe we should always be using computers. Without a doubt, the use of a computer helps us to learn. The computer helps us discover other places in the world. @ PERCENT1 people say they would like to look at beautiful places in the world. Computers can also teach you to speak a language. @ PERSON1 from @ ORGANIZATION1 says that "taking Spanish online has helped me a lot in his class. Computers now offer online study groups that can help us get into college. A lot of people would agree that l 'Using a computer helps us learn new things. It's a fact that you have other people on the computers instead. You meet new people when you are on the computer. Most people live. by meeting other people online. You also learn social networking on the computer. @ PERCENT2 of people say they learn social networking on the computer. People too can learn to have a personality because they use it. @ PERSON2 says that "because I'm on the computer, I didn't have the personality but I feel like a whole person. When you interact with people on computers. Did you know that a computer science teacher in life tells you if you should ever use a computer in your will. @ PERSON3 says using a computer has helped you type. Using a computer helped hand-eye coordination. You also type a lot of essays in college which can help you as well. So now you know that a computer will help you in the future. Without a doubt, people should always be using computers which are useful in many ways. So what are you waiting for to get your computer out and out today !
Dear Local Newspaper, Have you ever been on a computer for too long and spent time exercising, or spent time with your family? Well that's a big deal here in @ LOCATION1. In my opinion, to improve this problem, people should only be allowed to use the computer for a while @ ORGANIZATION1 and after having fun with a good workout, time outdoors and most importantly with their family. I think that will improve the problem, as you can have a little more fun rather than coming home from school and shooting right where your computer is and being on it for the rest @ ORGANIZATION1 at night. I also think this will help solve the problem as it will also allow you to get better grades. If you're constantly on the computer and don't have time to exercise, hang out, and bond with your family, it probably means you don't have time for your homework. . By not doing homework your grades might drop and you probably won't understand what you are learning in this class. This one problem that has happened affects you in so many other ways as well. The problem with computers and why people, mainly children, are so attached to them is because @ ORGANIZATION1 websites like Twitter, Facebook, YouTube etc. and the kids are @ CAPS1 for them. Part of @ ORGANIZATION1 is the problem because kids can't get rid of it @ ORGANIZATION1, they love it so much. This problem leads to the main problem because if the parents say "It's time to go downstairs ... go get some fresh air". the child always goes "one minute" and the parents let them get away with it, but then that "one minute" turns into an hour at most. This is bad because by the time the child leaves the computer it is dark and he can no longer run outside. I think this is important because I think facebook and twitter should be limited to @ ORGANIZATION1 time and should log you out after @ NUM1 minutes. In conclusion, this problem is a national problem and, in my opinion, should be a new law, according to which children must play outside and spend time with their families before going to a computer. As you can see having all of these great websites leads to a problem with the kids. Thanks for taking the time to read why I think computers are a big deal here in @ ORGANIZATION1.
I think computers are good because some people don't have phones so @ CAPS1 is a good way to connect with people you know, and meet new people. Second, some people are going to do collage after high school, so you can just look on the computers and find the one you like and the prices and ways to get there. The third reason is that if a vacation is approaching, you can check online and find some cheap and cool stuff for you. You can also order it from your home online if you don't have much time for shopping. @ CAPS1 some reasons i think the line is good, you can chat, find places and prices, collages and also buy online @ CAPS1 why the line is good.
Dear @ CAPS1 I have heard that a lot of people spend too much time in front of computers and less time exercising, enjoying nature and interacting with family and friends. In my opinion, I think you should know the computer because it helps with homework or school projects, for talking to family away and finding new friends. My first reason why we should keep the computers is because @ MONTH1 helps with homework or school projects. This is my main reason because it is really useful and useful when you need it. If your computer is not working, you can go to your friends' house and use computers, when you are done, you can save to hard drive and print it in your school computers. My second reason you should keep the computer is to talk to the family. Without a computer, you cannot communicate with your family. In my opinion, computers are very useful for communicating with the family. If your phone is not working, you can also use the computer to communicate with your family. My third reason is to communicate and find new friends that you are going to meet without and to communicate with you can communicate with your family through the computer, or even if you are late you can message them through the computer. In my opinion, I think the computer is a great way to communicate with your family. I know people say they spend too much time in computers and it's addicting, but it's good for school work like projects and homework, so people said it's just for what but in my opinion we should keep the computers because it's not about what is on the other person. Its for doing school work and talking to the family. I know people spend too much time on computers, but others don't. In my opinion, one should not get rid of computers because they are good for doing school work and talking with family. I think what you should do is not get rid of the computers.
Many families around the world are using computers, from @ LOCATION1 to the deserts of @ LOCATION2. However, believe that being at a computer can have negative effects on you, such as lack of exercise, from @ CAPS21's perspective. I can agree with that, but I truly believe that computers can have a positive effect on society if used correctly. With the computer on @ CAPS21's side, I think there are many positive effects on computers, such as : there is a lot to do, you can do it on the internet, and it is very entertaining . If you have a computer I'm sure you will agree with me that there are tons of great things you can do. For example, I know of many online colleges. Have you ever heard of the advertising message "@ CAPS1 in your @ CAPS2 ?" this is where students can get their @ CAPS3.ED and have successful careers. Plus, you can get discounts on many items just by purchasing online. There are many online shopping sites, such as @ ORGANIZATION1. Additionally, many stores like @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5 have an online catalog, where you and effenly. Finally, if you have close relatives or friends who live far away, today there are many options like @ CAPS6, (@ CAPS7 @ CAPS8 @ CAPS9). Webcam programs that you see and talk like using a webcam and @ CAPS10, where you can find your friends and check how they are doing every day. These are all good reasons why computers are successful in the economy. Some computers are used for entertainment. Online you can play many @ CAPS16, like @ CAPS11 (@ CAPS12 @ CAPS13 Online @ CAPS14- @ CAPS15 @ CAPS16) I play a lot of them including @ CAPS16 like @ CAPS17. I love these @ CAPS16 because they are such a fun world. You watch a lot of your favorite movies, watch funny obese people on the internet via @ CAPS18. @ CAPS18 is a source used worldwide where you can watch or download videos so that the world can see them. A @ CAPS18 video is "@ CAPS19 @ CAPS20 @ CAPS21 @ CAPS22", a young boy gets bitten by his younger brother. This entertainment system is also a great way to use time as if you are bored. I can see how people are there, but you just need to use it wisely and make a plan to use the computer maybe an hour a day. A computer also has many great sources that you can learn from, such as a fun @ CAPS16 online website called @ CAPS23. With this you can have fun at @ CAPS16 while learning interesting facts about science. In science class @ CAPS21, we use this website multiple times to learn about motion / gravity. You can also search the web, you with many projects. I know I use the web for almost all of the projects I have.
Imagine your life without the @ ORGANIZATION2 computer benefits. Do you think that would make life a little more difficult? Computers have positive effects on people for educational reasons and for a new way of developing @ CAPS3 skills. @ ORGANIZATION2 is very important to our company. Computers can meet our educational needs. When a school project takes place over @ PERCENT1 @ ORGANIZATION2 students use a computer to access the information they need. I agree that students are too dependent on a computer and not on books, but the computer has more information to offer than the average book. The @ CAPS1 computer allows us, as students, to broaden our horizons. The @ ORGANIZATION2 stated that "near @ PERCENT2 @ ORGANIZATION2 students are learning something new from a computer they don't already know". @ CAPS1, in @ CAPS2 and @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4, a student might find more information about a specific country than with a book. I predict that as a result @ ORGANIZATION2 the access to the information that the computer gives us, that soon the grades will increase from at least @ NUM1 to @ PERCENT3. In a service that was done by @ ORGANIZATION1, found that @ PERCENT4 @ ORGANIZATION2 students found more information, it was relavent, on a selected topic than in the entire school library. Then the computer can help with hand-eye coordination for young children. At school, students are observed to see to what extent or if coordination is developing. As the students of @ PERCENT3 @ ORGANIZATION2 had very little coordination, computer games lowered the @ PERCENT3 to @ PERCENT5. The computer meets the educational needs of students from @ ORGANIZATION2 to @ LOCATION1. The computer is a great way to socialize with friends. It's a new and inventive way of communicating. I know some @ MONTH1 say there is less time spent interacting with humans, but on the computer it is still interacting. With a phone, you can only chat with one another, but a computer has a webcam. This device allows you to talk to people with some human interaction. About @ NUM2 to @ NUM3 million @ CAPS5 have this device to use. It @ CAPS1 is preinstalled on many @ ORGANIZATION3 and @ ORGANIZATION4 laptops, giving us portable access to talk. The CEO of @ ORGANIZATION3 said that "@ CAPS6 laptops come with a built-in webcam, one in two @ ORGANIZATION2 who have it installed use it for social chatting and for business." The computer can help us with our communications for @ CAPS3 or for business needs. The computer is a good way to start and develop with @ CAPS3 skills. Over @ PERCENT6 @ ORGANIZATION2 children use a computer to start with @ ORGANIZATION2 their @ CAPS3 skills. The computer allows many people to become @ CAPS3 with each other in new and effective ways. In conclusion, the average computer can benefit our lives in a positive way. From our educational needs to our @ CAPS3 needs, the computer positively influences us in these two very important ways.
Dear Diary, @ CAPS1 your life without computers. Writing articles on a typewriter or by hand would surely be a problem. The question of whether or not computers are beneficial to society has arisen in the media, where they argue that people spend less time exercising interacting with nature and less time with their families. . However, computers are a big step forward in modern science and benefit communities. Computers have greatly helped education in school, not to mention the easier way to connect with friends and family. Computers also provide many different forms of entertainment. Computers are a big step forward and are of great benefit to our society. First, computers have helped academically in our schools and at home. I can't even @ CAPS1 have the hassle of coming home with your homework or writing two essays, only to have to handwrite it ! Wanting to get it over with would only rush me, resulting in a bad grade. Also consider the handwriting factor. Most of the kids in my school don't have good handwriting, and I guess teachers have a hard time jotting down something they can't read. With programs like @ ORGANIZATION1 @ CAPS2, you can choose from different fonts, colors, bold characters, images, symbols, etc. Another way that computers have helped academically is in schools. More and more teachers are using computers to help us learn. Tests are done on computers, websites to help us with research are visited, and other @ ORGANIZATION1 programs such as powerpoint can be used for a project. Computers help a lot in school, while helping us learn a lot more. Computers also help keep in touch with friends and family. The days of short letters have been replaced by long emails with attached photos, sent in seconds across the Internet to reach your friend's screen. People can save money by not having images developed but by storing them on their computers, ready to be printed on card stock. There is progress in communication thanks to computers that have been made. Things like video chat (vchat) where you can literally see and talk to the other person, or just audio chat where you can talk to the person, have been created. These easy ways of communication motivate people to talk to family and friends and keep in touch. Computers have had a positive impact on the community by providing easy ways to talk to loved ones. Computers can also provide a fun source of entertainment on the web. Websites have been created where you can play games, find people from your past, or maybe just watch funny videos. Anything you type into your toolbar instantly turns into a link websites page where you can find details about your topic, or related things, a fun website is ' youtube '. This website allows people to download videos. The possibilities are endless on the web. Another fun website is “ @ CAPS3 ”. This website is the place where you can “ friends ” and interact with people you know in the past. You can post videos, write messages and more. As you can see, entertainment is everywhere on the web. Now is the time to understand all the benefits of computers. Computers are a benefit to modern society as they help academically, encourage you to stay in touch with family and friends, and provide entertainment. We all need to understand that computers are a huge scientific breakthrough, and that they are a great help, and also fun!
The effect of computers on humans is by far positive, and the exceptional intelligence provided by computers should be embraced, not feared and avoided. Whether we like it or not, computers will be needed to solve the problems of the future. In addition, for personal use, computers are very useful. The main reason people fear computers is because of the dangers that come with them, which really isn't reasonable when you take a close look at them. Not to use such a complex and developed system as the computer is completely irrational, the computer is the future pure and simple. It is inevitable that computing and the technology that goes with it paints a picture of the future of our world. Whether people like the concept or not, computers will be needed to solve the problems and calamities that will wreak havoc in the world eventually. Computers can predict natural disasters, and with this, people in the disaster destination area can be evacuated. Lives can be saved. Computers can calculate pollution margins and provide solutions to the large amount of pollution that humans release into the air and @ CAPS1. @ ORGANIZATION1 Nature can be spared. Much more can be achieved by making full use of the computer. People have to adapt to @ LOCATION1 technology, or we'll fall behind and see our @ CAPS1 go. This proves that the effect of computers on people is not only positive, but necessary to move forward in an ever-changing world. Going down to a less global level of effects and to a more personal level is also beneficial for humans. In most cases, computers perform better and create fewer errors than humans themselves. Instead of forcing humans to work in dangerous places such as deep water, computers can be sent to view areas previously inaccessible. In addition, faster communication is extremely useful in certain circumstances, such as a workplace event that results in the area being banned. As a member of the workplace, he can simply email his employer, advising them of the accuracy and preventing them from putting themselves in danger, or simply saving men the trouble of commuting to work. Even from @ LOCATION1 to @ LOCATION2, by simply pressing "@ CAPS2", people from all over the world could be involved in the accident. Foreign communication, especially through instant messaging, can strengthen our ties with other nations, in business and government. Finally, finding information is so easy with an @ CAPS3. What would it be without computers to find information quickly? We would still be going to the library and browsing books, reading page after page to find information that would have taken less than a minute on a computer. Even a person who accepted a computer would have to admit that to be very beneficial. As you can see, even at a less overall level of usage, the computer is still found to have a positive effect on its users. The only thing, parents in particular, that fuels the negative opinion about computers is security and reliability. When these two topics are analyzed, it is so easy to eliminate the unreliability and danger from the computer. Installation of a program with endless choices, which allows you to view "good" websites and link "bad" ones to potentially dangerous @ CAPS4. This eliminates all that is heard about online interactions and activities gone wrong. Even without software to block dangerous websites, computers are generally safe. Only @ NUM1 on @ NUM2 websites include content considered " harmful " to humans. Moreover, among those @ NUM2, @ NUM4 provide reliable and correct information. These two statistics negate the question of security and reliability faced by some users. This shows that the negative aspects of the computer can be eliminated, leaving only the positive aspects to remain. In conclusion, computers have a much more positive influence on users than a negative one. Computers are the future and have even proven to save lives. Why wouldn't someone want to save another's life? Further, the advantages of @ CAPS3, or personal computers, are too great and useful to be ignored. Finally, when looked at carefully, computers are very reliable and can be made extremely secure, which eliminates the fear of major computers. We have come so far to create such a safe, beneficial and necessary device, we must use it and in doing so improve our own life and the life of @ ORGANIZATION1.
Dear Diary, I think people should use computers for specific reasons. One of the reasons is that a lot of people lose their families or, to be more precise, lose contact with people. Then when you have a computer for someone else has one, then you will be able to see it. For other purposes, like wanting to play online with other students or friends, you have to use computers. In addition, your fingers exercise when you type. Many of us young children say that myspace and facebook is a bad place. Actually, it's not because most of your family is on it. Doctors use computers all the time to let other doctors know that something is wrong with a patient or to give a visual of breathing. Workers even use it to see what's going on with the jobs if there are any open jobs so they can take it. The students use it to show the work they have to do when the teachers are not around. If I were a carpenter for a real estate agent, I would have a computer with me. The reason is that my group would know which homes are available to use or sold. Or I would give them a different house to choose from and give them a good deal. I would also bring a computer with me for the GPS so I could know where I am. A lot of people use computers for different reasons. Such as pog, cheat codes, @ CAPS1 cards and others. My reason for using this is because my job is important to me. I would do it on computers if I miss it. This is why you should have computers all the time. Now you know what would happen. In conclusion, this is why computers are very important to have. The reasons are if something happens. For you and you don't have a phone, use a computer. It's also good that everyone has something to do, but computers are the best thing to do.
Dear local newspaper, I think computers are a great source. They help us instantly when we need to find something. Computers are very useful and they are easy to use. Once you master the computer, it feels like you can do almost anything on it. Computers are great, but they can negatively affect us too. I like computers but I'll say I'm against it. When people use their computers, it's like they're in another world. When you are on the computer, you are much less socal than if you were not on the computer. I don't know about you, but a lot of people are addicted to their computers. They get along and stay forever. The act as if it was a necessity to be on the computer every day. I don't need to be on computer sites like @ CAPS1 and here's why. Accounts get very boring sometimes. They distract people a lot. Like the other day, my sister and I were going for a walk at @ NUM1, but we didn't go because it didn't help us exercise, so we shouldn't be using it. In this economy, it is important to have social skills. Instant messaging users don't mean you are developing social skills. In fact, you have to go out and talk to people face to face. When I'm on the computer for too long, I know. I know because my eyes are starting to hurt. It's bad for your eyesight. People sit in their homes and look at the bright screen. They @ MONTH1 don't know but it's blinding so they don't have to stay on computers for long. These are reasons why you should not be using the computer. I'm not saying it's some evil contraption I'm just saying use the computer for information and don't work for games and stuff. You could be out having fun instead of sitting in your house, so get outside! Go make some real breathing friends in person.
Dear Diary, People should be playing with their family and friends instead of staying on the computer all the time. People would be healthier, have closer ties to their families, and achieve better grades in school. People will always be in shape faster if they exercise instead of sitting on the computer. When the computer is unplugged, anyone can go out and play. When people go out to play with their friends, they are exercising, which causes you to lose weight. The @ NUM1 scientist thinks it's better to go out and socialize than sitting at a computer and watching monotonous videos. People would be more active if they stayed in front of the computer and went out because it will keep you happy with your body and healthy so that you don't die from a terrible disease. Their ties would be closer with families if people stayed away from the computer. The family would be closer instead of being separated by computers. Your family is always there to comfort you whenever you have a terrible day. Your family will help you overcome any problem so that you can keep moving forward. If you did this on a computer, all you see is the face of someone who can't comfort you with a hug. Without computers you get a closer family that loves and supports each other, but with computers people just chase their families away. Closer families also help children in school achieve better grades. Families who stay off the computer and dine with their families usually have children who score better. Scientists at @ NUM2 agree that children who dine and play with their families get better grades in school. If children get better grades in school by staying in front of the computer and spending quality time with their families, we could have great inventions that can help humanity in all ways. Anything can happen by staying away from computers. Staying off the computer is a great way to help yourself and others. It would get people in shape, bond closer, and create more graduates who would go on and make the greatest invention of all. Imagine what else could happen if we were still computers.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 people have computers in their house but they disagree with a computer that can help you. There are some advantages to using computers, such as being able to search for information, learn hand-eye coordination, get organized, but it also has disadvantages, such as children spending more time on the floor. computer rather than going out and playing with friends and exercising and staying slim. I agree with computers having a positive impact on children. Computers not only allow a child to stay in touch with his family who live far away, but they can also help them complete a project more efficiently and quickly. It looks like @ MONTH1 is doing one thing, but when in fact we can download photos and movies, download music, and play games at the same time. Now with everything I told you @ DATE1, I hope we share the same take on computers like how good they are to have and their positive in part.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, experts say computers "get the better of people", I totally disagree. People spend the time they need and want, then get active or spend time with family and friends. Computers allow people to learn, they also allow people to communicate with their family and friends. In addition, people @ CAPS5 use computers for their work and work. I believe that computers allow people like me to learn. You can also learn things @ CAPS5 on the computer. You can learn about other countries, you can also read news articles. You can learn different languages and about the world. Internet users can communicate with others. There is skype, which allows you to communicate with others while on the internet, we use a webcam. there is also an instant messenger, or @ CAPS3. @ CAPS3 is like having a conversation with someone who is right next to you ! Then there is the email which can send letters, photos and comments. @ CAPS5 people use computers to work. Microsoft @ CAPS4 allows you to enter stories and letters. @ CAPS5 people report work on @ CAPS4. In addition, the Internet is useful for work. Websites and search engines help you a lot. Websites can contain information that workers need. To end this letter, I want to say that @ NUM1) Computers enable people to learn. @ NUM2) They allow people to communicate with their friends and family. Finally, @ NUM3) @ CAPS5 workers use the computer for work and reports. Hope I influenced you to see why computers aren't bad.
I walked around my room and noticed the computer sitting on a wonderful desk. I thought computers are very useful. There is a lot of controversy over whether or not the calculations benefit society. My opinion on this topic is that computers are useful and I support this technology. Computers are great tools that could help students work in school. For example, this year I had a science project on how my hobby interests relate to science. One of my reading interests @ CAPS1 had to do some research on how simple back reading can relate to science. I went on the internet, typed my question on read and two seconds later thousands of results were posted. I even took pictures too. A few days later, after I returned my project, I received it back. I got a @ NUM1 on this project ! @ CAPS1 being able to use a computer really improved my science grades. Without the internet, I probably wouldn't have been able to get an A on this. As you can see, computers can help students with their projects etc. at school. Using this technology can help you reconnect with your friends and family members. In elementary school, my friend @ PERSON1 had moved to @ LOCATION1 @ CAPS2. I had no way of communicating with her until I found a program on the Internet that allows you to chat with people. We both used it and were able to talk continuously. I don't see @ PERSON1 as often as I used to, but with my computer wide open in my room, I can chat online with her almost every day. Computers can help restore old relationships with friends and family. @ CAPS1 communicating on these is also another advantage. Using computers can help enrich people's minds. For example, at school we use a program called "@ CAPS3 @ CAPS4". @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 involves you playing games that help you @ CAPS3 and testing when you are ready to take them. @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 helped us train for @ ORGANIZATION1. After taking several tests in subjects such as science, math, and language arts, I now feel confident to pass the @ ORGANIZATION1 and think I will do well on these tests. As you can see, the @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 tool on the computer can benefit your school grades. The effect that computers have on people is that they help and benefit society. I think more citizens should own computers because they can expand your knowledge. I am clearly in favor of owning and using computers.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, computers these days have brought positive changes to our everyday life. People have established better relationships with their family and friends, and even have the opportunity to form new ones. While social media is great, computers can also make work extremely easy and professional. They can also hone the skill of hand-eye coordination. But with that in mind, is the computer really a harmful or useful device? Sometimes we wonder where our long lost friends and relatives have gone and how they are. Well, with the computer and internet access you can easily contact them through great social networks like @ CAPS1. I hear from everyone all the time that meetings have been made and friends have been gathered. And by bringing friends together, you can also create new ones with the click of a button. Isn't it so easy to make more friends and reconnect now ? Computers today offer wonderful software from @ ORGANIZATION2 that can facilitate the creation of slideshows, projects and reports. I remember doing a @ CAPS2 with my best friend when we were in class @ NUM1. All we did was take the photos, upload them to her laptop, then we added captions to all the photos. We did an amazing professional job on the project and received an A-. Although I understand that in the process of using the computer, people hardly find time outdoors, the advancement of technology will improve hand-eye coordination. Picture this: you are at bat in a baseball game. @ NUM2 strikes and @ NUM3 balls is your account. Everyone encourages you. The pitcher throws the ball and wham! You swing that bat and you hit a home run ! Do you know what skill was used to hit this ball ? That's right - hand-eye coordination. So now, while everyone is wondering what kind of effect the computer has, remember how easy this job was for me. Also think of this baseball player. You know, the one who hit the home run using hand-eye coordination. Most importantly, remember how easy it would be to reach out to those you love the most and stay closest to you. The computer is a positive step forward in society, and everyone should be assured of it!
Dear editor of @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3 is true that more and more people are using computers, which you certainly know, but @ CAPS3 is really needed. I use my computer, I used @ CAPS3 all the time, but then I got into sports like skateboarding and snowboarding, so now I have moved away from @ CAPS3. Yet @ CAPS4 are a lot of people still using them and I think people should really try to stop going on so much because you might start to get fat @ PERSON1, @ CAPS4 are a much better thing to do so sitting on the computer all day, and @ CAPS3 is good to be outside for some fresh air. The first is that @ CAPS3 is possible for you to get fat @ PERSON1, being fat is not a good thing @ CAPS3 could actually be heartbreaking because they can't help @ CAPS3, and I really feel bad for them. I have a few friends who are overweight like @ PERSON1, @ PERSON1 is a very overweight kid he weighed around @ NUM1 lbs when he was @ NUM2 I haven't seen him for a year and we had some good @ CAPS2, but I feel really bad because he is very overweight and @ CAPS3 is terrible, @ PERSON1 doesn't even know how to ride a bike, no one would teach him anyway because he doesn't have a dad and her mother is as well overweight and fat as her sister. see her more. So being overweight is bad and sitting and playing on the computer will make @ CAPS3 worse. Then @ CAPS4 are much better things to do than sitting at the computer all day messing around on the computer all day is like saying I'm just going to waste my life. Instead of being on the computer you could be with friends if @ CAPS3 is shopping you are always on the move and it's much better than being on the computer trust me. Go for a walk @ PERSON1 something, just try to make yourself stupid, but still fun, computer. I'm going @ CAPS3's fun @ CAPS4 are lots of things to do on the computer. The most important is that @ CAPS3 is good to be outside to get some fresh air, being outside is a really amazing thing to do, you could walk, be on a trampoline, @ PERSON1 skateboarding is better than being on the computer, even just sitting @ CAPS4 on a rock outside is good for your body because you need fresh air in your system. Doing something that involves being outside of @ CAPS3 is so much fun. So all computer enthusiasts, get down there and have some fun outdoors with friends @ PERSON1 your family. Hope you all listen to me and take my advice, so remember @ CAPS3 is very possible to get fat, @ CAPS4 are much better things to do than sitting in front of the computer all day, and @ CAPS3 is good to be outside for fresh air.
Has your daughter or son ever asked you that they want a computer in their school ? Were you ever baffled when they said they were talking about @ CAPS2 in school, that they can teach hand-eye coordination, give them the opportunity to learn from afar, or even allow them to talk? to people all over the world ? What did you think of that? Do you agree? If you have, you are thinking on the positive side, not the negative. Many reasons why I disagree. Safety, money, health. Lots of people have said it's good to interact with other people, but not all the time if your son or daughter interacts with people they @ CAPS1 know are you going to worry? We can ask them who they are, where they live. Sometimes they even ask if they can meet face to face. My friend @ PERSON2 said her school had these computers and her friend @ PERSON3 was invited to meet or with someone she never knew and she ended up saying yes and @ PERSON2 said she never showed up. Would you ever wish that would happen to your child? Well, this is just the start. Once your child's school has computers, they'll get addicted to @ CAPS2, @ PERSON1 said that "if a child doesn't go out and enjoy their childhood but want to focus on their homework, he will just eat and eventually be on the computer. become obese. @ CAPS2 is very imperative that your child get out, have fun and exercise because then he will only be on the computers @ NUM1. If a child damages computers, you will also have to pay a lot of money. Not only if your child's school has computers, @ CAPS2 will be very helpful to you. I sincerely don't think students should get computers. Your students too. computers @ MONTH1 get viruses because of inappropriate sites. Then you will also pay for that. Finally, the school will not have enough money for the material. What will you do ?!? Your child does is not there to be addicted to computers your child is there for education n ! Do you still support those computers !? Hope not, because there is @ PERCENT1 a chance that they will receive @ CAPS2 or not. I hope I have given you enough information on safety, money and health. This is a very emergency situation so please be aware.
Dear: Local newspars @ CAPS1 has recently been brought to my attention, that people should be using computers. My three arguments are that they control hand-eye coordination, give people the opportunity to learn about distant places and people, and even allow people to talk online with other people. @ CAPS1 measures people's hand-eye coordination because when people tap on the kyebord, the more they tap on the kyebord, the faster and faster they get. Mach people have more coordinates first, they get used to typing then, they start typing quickly last when typing quickly @ CAPS1 gives them more hand-eye coordination. Useins computers give people the opportunity to learn more about distant places and people, for example they could search people and places on Google, then @ CAPS1 will show a lot of websites, then when they visit on a website they will type in the person's name and then say @ CAPS1 to display the person's places. Computers give people the option to talk with people from other places like lens, myspace or face book and people can play games and talk at the same time so the computer is very popular this time around because of what people are doing there and that's why I think people should use the computer a lot like my three @ CAPS2, so @ CAPS1 was in my opinion that people should use the computer for three minutes . even allow people to talk online with other people, which is why I recommend people to use the computer.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 do you have a computer at home? Currently, more than @ PERCENT1 of people have at least one or more computers in the home. Computers are now commonplace, but people argue rather that they are really needed in our society. Computers have negative effects on people, such as losing their sight, interacting with strangers online, and lacking outdoor exercise. Today, one in five people wear glasses or contact lenses. the rate of people wearing glasses is also increasing rapidly. Children and adults alike spend too much time on the computer causing them to lose their sight. When people use too many computers, their eyes start to hurt and also cause headaches. This is a sign that we are spending too much time, but people tend to ignore it because they want to work or just addicted to online video games. it shows that computers have terrible effects on society. When a person is on the Internet, there is no limitation for them. Once a person is online, there are endless amounts of sites to access that are not always reliable. Online, where anyone can go, there are millions of people who are unrelated or unrelated. In other words, from strangers interacting with people they don't know is very dangerous. They can have devastating influence, no supremacy whatsoever, unless they're a teacher of the same gender. Unfortunately, people cannot trust anyone online because they don't know who they are exactly. For example facebook. People think they are private, but anything uploaded or posted is public. In addition, others will be able to see your profile even if they are not friends with that person. this is by no means safe. The rate of Internet drug addiction is also increasing. These people tend not to go out at all and stay home. These people do not exercise enough which is very unhealthy, they tend to eat their meals in fast food places which are also unhealthy. Because of this, people on computers get fat from an unbalanced meal and never interact with people outside and nature outside. In conclusion, computers have negative effects on society as they increase the number of people wearing glasses and losing their sight. Second, they create a dangerous environment. finally, it causes people to eat unbalanced meals and lose track of what they eat.
Dear editor of a local newspaper, I am writing to tell you about the use of computers. I think computers benefit our communities a lot. I feel this because it can warn us of a natural disaster. He teaches us about everything and everything. Finally, we can talk to people online. In these next few paragraphs, I will share my thoughts on this topic with you. My first reason is natural disasters. Computers are always warning us about them. For example, when Hurricane Katrina hit computers, they could see it on them. Many people were able to flee the city before this happened. States shows @ PERCENT1 computer classified natural disasters. Computers save people on the fly. Another example is the recent earthquakes at @ LOCATION1. Computers have informed many people about them. These were my reasons why computers warn us of natural disasters. My second reason I say computers benefit us is because they teach us everything and everything we learn about faraway places, new words and things happening in our own country. For example, I had to search for a person for my project and all I said was type their name and pages full of information would appear. You will be amazed at the amount of information the computer has. Comuter has everything you need as a person and more. this is my second reason why computers are useful. My last reason we can talk online. Now the has its pros and cons. Talking online is a lot of fun. I mean you in many websites, myspace, facebook, twitter. It is endless. People can talk to old friends, family to anyone really. But a lot of people have to be careful because they are afraid. Like saying you can't meet your friend, you can @ ORGANIZATION1 or ooVoo (webcame) them. The computer is your friend. So you might as well put it to good use. This is my last reason now that the computer can benefit you. In conclusion, I think the computer makes the world a lot easier. My reason why you ask. He warns us of a natural disaster. He teaches us anything and everything. The latter can speak online.
