I think people shouldn't be spending so much time on the computer. These are three reasons to think so. My first reason is if people stay on the computer for a long time it can mess up the way you see. My second reason is that you could hang out with your family and friends. My last reason is that people who sit all day at a computer gain more weight. First, I think people shouldn't be sitting in front of the computer all day. Because it can mess up the way you see, it can happen because you are staring at a computer screen all day or the eyes may be messed up. I don't think you should ever be on a computer for more than an hour. And sometimes you weren't on it for too long when your eyes started to hurt. My second reason why you shouldn't stay on the computer for long is when you're worshiping there. Do what you do. You can mess up fun things that you can do with your family or with your friends. But some people would like to just watch a cult all day long and stare at a computer screen and some people start to dislike going out or even being a social person. My last reason why people shouldn't be on the computer for a long time is because some people will just sit there and eat food all day. And it will make them gain more weight. And that can make their life more disheveled because now they're on their heels, they just sit all day anyway. And they should go out and run around. These are my three reasons why I think people shouldn't be on the computer all day. First of all they spoil the way you see, secondly you spoil a fun thing that you can do with our family, finally the last ones gain more weight when they are sitting in front of the computer all day.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, Have you ever thought about people's views on certain technologies? While some people say that others spend too much time on their computers, and waste their time, I think computers can help us with a lot of different things. They can help us with our homework, interact with people, and even help us exercise. You will find that in the end, computers end up being a benefit for everyone. For many students, they need computers to help them understand their subjects. Some websites offer online courses. Along with that, they have books online, so if they forget their real ones, they can still do their homework. My math teacher, @ PERSON2, always says : "@ CAPS1 in the online view." I have found that it really helps me when I am struggling with my job. We can also ask our friends for help if we still don't understand @ CAPS4. This is not all we can do. There are some sites like @ CAPS2 and @ CAPS3 where we can interact with other people. You can talk to them when they are out of town and don't have a cell phone. You can also pick up when the phone is in use and you have something important to tell them, such as helping them with their homework. When there is no phone reception between them, they can still talk to over a million people in @ LOCATION1 using these sites. People are wrong when they say it takes a long time for them to exercise. Many websites give great advice on how to lose weight. The spectacle of many weight loss diets such as @ PERSON3 or @ PERSON1. Not only that, but they also have exercise plans. It's not the computer's fault, it's the people who @ CAPS4 don't "stick" to exercise. In addition, the computer recommends many great gyms that you can join, such as @ LOCATION2 fitness. @ CAPS4 don't you think this is a good "deal ?" @ CAPS4 don't listen to these other people, stick with my opinion that computers are good for everyone. They can help us with a lot of things, beyond. I can't imagine life without them. Almost everyone uses computers ! Thanks for the reading.
Dear @ CAPS1, I disagree with those who support technological advancements, people who think that computers have a positive effect on people. Would you rather spend your time on the computer rot like a vegetable or rather hang out with your friend, travel to other places you never thought you possessed or even go to a gym and probably lose some? kilos? I vote to go out with my friends! You know people who like to travel to far places and have fun would rather do that than wasting their time on a computer. Just as much people like to look at all the cool places they find on the internet; What good is sitting and staring at the screen when you could get a plane ticket and fly to the magical place you saw on the computer. Okay. I know traveling to faraway places can be scary because you've never been there in your life, but @ CAPS3 is worth a try. Okay, if flying isn't your thing, then why not get some exercise. @ MONTH1, you have tried to lose extra pounds. You can always try this. Think @ CAPS3 my mom used to be able to fit in a size @ NUM1 and now see she is in a size @ NUM1. Why bother to death with computers that are likely to give you bad advice when you can always ask a friend for advice. Yes, friend, a living, breathing human being, losing weight will help build confidence if you just try. @ CAPS3 is just like @ PERSON1, from @ CAPS2 below, you must want @ CAPS3 if you want to achieve your goal. Anyone can aim for this goal! Maybe you don't want to exercise, maybe you want to hang out with friends and family. If you are wasting your time chatting online, how are you going to chat with the eight people in front of you? If you can talk online, you can probably talk to people in real life? To the right? Wrong! Some people can and some cannot. I am a very talkative person, but I know how to talk online though. I wanted it so why can't you? It's @ CAPS3, now is the time to decide. Do you want to spend your time on a computer or do you want to spend your time in the real world. Get out of your chair, turn off the computer, get up. Put on your wat and walk outside and do something with yourself. Use your mouth, not your hand. Talking to people, communicating with them @ CAPS3 is not that difficult. Believe me. If I can do @ CAPS3, you can do @ CAPS3 too ! @ CAPS3's now or never I choose now and so should you. Waste no more time, go on a trip and meet up. Just do @ CAPS3. Do not return to this computer. Throw @ CAPS3, you can live without @ CAPS3.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, More and more people are using computers, but not everyone agrees that it benefits society and I am one of those people who disagrees. I don't agree, because if you are on the computer all day you will forget things. For example, you will forget to exercise, you will forget about nature, you will also forget to interact with your friends and family. I promise you if you keep reading you will understand and realize my point. People spend a lot of time on the computer and don't exercise the way they should. Exercising is very important, it helps you. Playing sports helps you grow. it makes you stronger. If you are on the computer all day, you will be exercising and developing well. Another reason, I think it's such a main idea, is that you can't enjoy nature. When you are on your computer, you cannot go hiking in the woods. You cannot go camping. You cannot do the thing in the pleasant air of nature. Last but certainly not the least, you will forget to interact with your friends and family. It's so important because a computer can do a lot of things. It might teach you a lot of things, but it can't do it for you and @ MONTH1 love you. Only your family and friends can do it. Hope you understand and realize my point. People should stop doing this, you forget to exercise nature and spend time with your friends and family. All I have now to thank you for the opportunity to listen to my idea.
Dear, @ CAPS1 I think people shouldn't spend so much time on the computer because they exercise less, they don't interact with their friends and family, and it's bad for their health. People shouldn't be spending that much time. They will not enjoy their life outside of their homes. My number one reason why people shouldn't spend so much time on the computer is because it's bad for their health. Spending too much time on their computers can strain your eyes. Some people with seizures, including myself, would trigger an attack and pull us away. Spending too much time on the computer can interfere with your vision or damage your body. For me it is very unhealthy. Another reason that spending so much time on the computer is bad is that you are not interacting with your family and friends. On the computer all the time can make you forget to spend time with your friends and family. You would become addicted to being on the computer all the time. You would forget to say hello and how are you to your family. You won't be spending time with your friends and they will start to ignore you and think you don't care. Being on the computer all the time will spoil your social activities with other people. My last reason spending too much time on the computer is bad is that you don't appreciate nature. You don't realize how much you miss it because you are on the computer. Yes, you can learn to think through the computer, but you can also learn by doing it yourself. Being too much on the computer will make you want to not exercise and it will not be good for your body. You would at least forget to go jogging, discover new things. You realize that it is better to explore nature than just watch it. These are my reasons why spending too much time on the computer is bad. It is not health. You don't interact with your friends or family. In addition, you will not be enjoying nature for yourself. So quit the computer and enjoy what life has given you.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 decades ago, before computers existed. What do you see? There were kids outside exercising, playing with friends, and living safe lives, and then came the computer. Computers lead the next generation to a dangerous life of staring at an assortment of pixers all day long and ruining any civilized relationships you had. I believe, strangely, that computers have a negative effect on society. Did you know that as the number of computers sold increases the obesity rate has increased by @ PERCENT1 since computers came into our lives, why ? Because people spend too much time exercising and not enough! Computers Another effect of long hours in front of the screen is a decrease in viewing ability. My family friend @ PERSON2 had to buy glasses because his eyes were damaged by the computer. "I'm worried about my daughter's eyes… she stares at this screen for hours!" @ CAPS2 @ PERSON3, a concerned parent at @ ORGANIZATION1. How could something so harmful be good for our society? Speaking of hurtful, the internet is very dangerous. Predators are surfing the web looking for innocent young people to meet and most likely are abusing @ PERCENT2 by parents who are very monitoring their children's computer use. Parents don't know that the Internet makes it easy to talk to anyone in the world, from @ LOCATION1 to @ LOCATION2 ! Surveillance would also be helpful when it comes to inappropriate internet videos, pictures and chats. It's so easy to surf the web and stumble upon things you shouldn't see! Finally, people easily find themselves hiding behind a computer and saying mean and hurtful things that would never be said to their face ! these unfortunate factors are the root of many problems among people today. Speaking of which, computers have a very negative effect on relationships these days. As I mentioned earlier, so many fights happen through computer communications. Even though online conversations are friendly, they get people used to making people “@ CAPS3” through a computer, not face to face. After being in a computer-oriented friendship, people tend to forget how to act face to face and find personal meetings awkward. @ PERSON1, eighth grade student at @ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS4, "I can't @ CAPS5 just talk through computers, never be civilized with other human beings! Unfortunately, this is where computers lead us ... "@ CAPS5 never see your best friend in person, only through technology ! This @ MONTH1 isn't even your friend. It could be a dangerous installer! This is yet another problem ... via the Internet you @ MOIS1 don't even know who such relationships are with! It could be wrong, and you would have no idea. Spending all day riding in front of a computer, putting yourself in danger and putting your relationships at risk is, unfortunately, the effect of computers. Computers are not worth the terrible consequences that civilization has to face. I @ CAPS6 urge you to stop technological advancements now, before it is too late ! Make the change today.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, I want to thank you in advance for taking the time to read this letter, it means a lot to me, I am writing today because it has been brought to my attention that some people are saying that computers do is not benefiting society. These people are quite wrong! Computers are amazing! They make searches easier, I can learn about other countries and talk to people online. I do all of this almost every day! We are in the process of completing a fairly large research assignment for English and Social Studies. This involved taking notes from different sources. Fortunately, I was able to go to the index card catalog on the computer and find many books on my subject just by typing in the keyword! We can narrow down our options so easily because you can search for something so specific. After finding your topic, you can check and see if there is any reliable information by reading a summary. All of this can be done in about @ NUM1 minutes or less. It would be almost impossible without a computer. I have a few relatives at @ LOCATION3, @ LOCATION2. A while ago my family and I were trying to plan a trip to @ LOCATION2 to visit. We were able to go to a search engine and find directions to their house from the airport. he gave us directions and the estimated time it would take to get there. I was also able to do a lot of research on other foreign countries with just the push of a button. it's so simple and convenient too! My two uncles live at @ LOCATION1. At Thanksgiving my mom was upset because she missed them. I was then able to set them up in a video chat room so my mom could talk to them. it's great, it's so convenient to be for instant message. I can talk to people all over the world and it doesn't even make any money! In conclusion, computers are very useful because you can learn about foreign countries, have easy access to research and talk online. There is a long list of other things that make computers great, but it would take too long to write. Thanks again for listening.
Dear local newspaper, I think computers have a good effect on people. My first reason is that some people at university are far from home, like my sister and my family who talk to her through the computer. Plus, a lot of people have an email! which informs them about sales in grocery stores or clothing stores and saves people money by using these coupons. Statistics show that adults who use the computer at night feel more awake in @ TIME1. My second reason is if someone goes on vacation or moves, they can go on the internet and find out if the place is safe or if they have a good school there and they can find out about the place and see what did he look like. Like. they can also find out about colleges and see how nice they are, see if it's a small school if there are a lot of kids going to that school, etc. My third and final reason is when people use the computer there. hand-eye coordination improves because when you type you move your fingers and feel when you use it and you become faster to type. Plus, you're not just sitting there, you're moving your fingers and using your brain. Scholastic kids reports that children who use the computer and keyboard score @ CAPS1 up to @ NUM1 points. In conclusion, I don't think the computer has a bad effect after reading this, hope you agree with me.
I think it's good that people spend a lot of time on the computer instead of having time to exercise, enjoy nature, and interact with family and friends, because it t is the choice of people to stay on the computer all day or to go outside. Computers affect people's lives in positive and negative ways. People stay indoors all day and do nothing but sit and click buttons. The good way is that it educates you in many ways, because @ CAPS1 is on the computer watching or reading interesting stuff, you might end up learning something before you learn it in school. It's fine to go on the computer a bit but @ CAPS1 you spend all day there so you might not be exercising and get lazy and fat. But @ CAPS1 you go out sometimes you won't have to worry because you are exercising which helps your body. I think computers are a great way to have fun. You can chat with your friends, @ CAPS1 you have webcam, you can video chat with friends. A computer is a great way to communicate. Millions of people use a computer to work on their @ CAPS2. Without computers, life would be ten times more difficult for the people of this world. Both people and accountants use the computer for their work. They store data in the computer to remember things @ CAPS1 that you couldn't write on a piece of paper, people also make websites on the internet to help educate, like @ CAPS1 you type a word it could give you a definition, People also make @ CAPS4 engines, @ CAPS4 engines are engines on a website that search for things you type. @ CAPS1 you type something, you will get what you were looking for. All I want to explain is that this is the @ CAPS1 folks' choice that they would like to be all the time. Because computers and Internet connections are not free. It doesn't even harm your brain. Above all, he educates him. People even go to school online, they learn and study things that are on the internet. Plus you can get @ CAPS2 in places to work with computers, you can create programs and whatever you want. So my statement here is that it's okay to spend a lot of time on your computer instead of exercising, going to see friends and family, and enjoying nature. I think computers are fine and no matter how long you are at it just depends on @ CAPS1 your learning and not playing games all day and being lazy and getting fat.
Dear local newspaper: Do computers positively affect society? As technology advances, humans rely more and more on them; most people use them on a daily basis. I believe that computers have a positive effect on people because they help write articles, are a social tool, and are a great help in research. After reading this letter, there is no doubt that computers have a positive effect on people in society. My number one reason computers have a positive effect on people is that they help write documents. Whether it's writing a resume, a science report, or a spreadsheet, none of it is ever seen done by hand these days. Everyone expects to see the letters perfectly inked on the printer paper, regardless of the text. It helps the people who write the paper because the writing takes a lot of drafts to get the perfect piece; it is painful to write every draft by hand. Also, it's easier to read someone's @ CAPS1 handwriting, especially @ CAPS1 the writer handwrote. Computers are more than just writing documents, however. My second reason why computers passively affect people is because they are a social tool. Nowadays, many online websites have social networks such as youtube, facebook, twitter, and myspace. In the websites listed above and many others as well, people can meet other people through other friends and games. The advantage of meeting them online is that you don't need to schedule a time to meet the person, @ CAPS1 you are both online you can start chatting. The chat also helps the people of @ CAPS1 to have long distance relationships, whether they are friends, buddies or family members. Online chat helps people stay in touch with someone they might not see every day. It is a great help for everyone's social life, so keeping us "the" @ CAPS2, online sites like eharmony or match.com take people with little time to worry about love and match them up. with their perfect partner. It also helps shy people get married and start a family. It helps people live happier lives, another positive effect. Finally, computers have a positive effect on people by making research much easier. My dad always says "You kids it's easy. @ CAPS1 I was growing up, we had to go to the library and spend hours researching before we could write our articles." @ CAPS3, it's simple. Using the internet and a search engine, all you need to do is enter a topic and you can get all the latest articles in just seconds. Libraries may not have the most recent books, or someone may have viewed the book on your topic. So what can you do? Internet is also an extremely useful help @ CAPS1 the research topic is very specific, if it is about a certain beetle or species that a book @ MONTH1 mentions only briefly. The internet has a much wider range of articles, so it is much easier to find information on any topic. With research taking less time to understand, people can spend more time enjoying the day, such as playing outside, than stressing out at the library because they can't find a book on their topic. This is a good reason why computers should not be seen as a negative effect on society. To conclude, computers have a positive effect on society because they help write articles, they are a social tool and are a great help in research. Where would we be if we had to write everything by hand? Think about how many fewer friends or maybe even relationships we would have without social websites. What about hours of research for @ CAPS3 in two clicks ? Computers have changed our lives for the better, and we should appreciate everything they do for us.
Dear local newspaper, I am writing to you today to show you how I feel about the way computers affect people. Computers have a very strong effect on people. Computers can cost people to gain weight, cost issues to their eyes and you can't pay the bills. We all know that we all gain weight at some point in our lives and that we can lose that weight. But if you're on a computer six hours a day, you don't have time to cook a real meal. So what do you do, you eat a lot of junk food. Do you really want to be the reason someone is overweight? Imagine staring at a shiny computer screen for six hours non-stop. Do you think your eyes are going to be okay, I disagree. When I really tried I couldn't even keep my eyes open and I'm pretty sure you can't tell your eyes will be fine when you just stared at a glowing screen in the dark. Can you imagine yourself leaving just because you say you are going to work from home. But you don't do your job and you get toast, now how are you going to pay your bill without money? Once your power goes out, you don't have to do anything because you got fired because of your computer. Now what are you going to do with your life? Well that's all. I would like to thank you for your time. And I hope you agree with me for my three reasons: you may gain weight, eye problem and how are you going to pay your bill?
You are visitor @ NUM1, click here to get your prize ! It's a normal thing that goes @ CAPS4 on computers, they can give you viruses and people can get your personal information. This is one of the reasons computers are bad. In addition to @ DATE1, "@ CAPS1 @ DATE1 more computers than @ NUM2 children are abducted every day !" says @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 @ DATE1 the missing child's agency. They are attracted to @ CAPS1 children who go to @ CAPS6 theaters and get in trouble. On the other hand, we rely on computers a lot, it is not healthy for us. “There are a lot of problems with @ CAPS4 up announcements,” @ ORGANIZATION1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS5 says. More than @ PERCENT1 @ DATE1 people in the world have computers. This was from a global poll in @ DATE1. More than @ PERCENT2 @ DATE1 ie children. When kids are on computers, they always click the @ CAPS4 up ads. These ads are causing catastrophic problems ! People's computers get viruses, identities are stolen, and credit card information is discovered. Therefore with these things happening you are going to yell at your kids but you can't blame them they just thought they were going to get a free xbox @ NUM3. Now that I've told you about the @ CAPS4 ups, let me tell you about the discussion. Chat on the computer is just a bomb waiting to be triggered. “Chambers @ CAPS6 are the main why. Now that I've told you about the discussion, let me tell you how much people rely on them. The answer to all problems when in reality @ PERCENT3 @ DATE1 things on the internet are wrong says Technology @ CAPS7 a magazine that deals with the disadvantages of @ DATE1 technology I remember when I needed to know if my flight to @ LOCATION1 was canceled so I went to google and I The website I went to said it was canceled but later when I called the airport just to make sure it was they said it was canceled. 'it had taken off at the scheduled time ! And instead @ DATE1 an email, just send a letter! Do you want your kids abducted @ CAPS1 for @ CAPS6 rooms? @ DATE1 of course not, and want you miss your flight for the holidays? No i don't think the computers are very bad and are used too p often. No one wants their identity stolen @ CAPS1 @ DATE1 an @ CAPS4 up ad. We need to do things on our own more often and stop relying on computers to do everything for us !
Dear local newspaper, I believe that computers have a positive effect on people. It teaches hand-eye coordination, gives people the chance to learn more about distant places and people, and even allows people to talk online with other people. Computers are one of the best technological inventions to come that benefits society. First of all, computers teach hand-eye coordination. For example, if you're in a hurry to type an amazing long essay, you won't have time to keep staring at your paper, keyboard, and screen. So you would need to know where these handy keys are located. However, if you had no computer skills, this is where the useful keys are. Second, people could learn about faraway places. If someone wanted to have a nice and relaxing vacation or honeymoon with his beautiful wife, he would need to know the weather forecast in order to know what clothes to bring and how much money to bring to visit all the most popular restaurants. freshest and coolest, most fashionable stores in this huge populated city. Without a doubt, I would love to take a vacation, but if it is to cost a fortune, I might have to reconsider this amazing trip. Finally, you can talk online with other people. In cold weather and you can't go out, or call them because you don't have a phone, you can myspace or facebook as long as you want as long as you have a @ NUM1 and only one e- mail that no one else has. Now is the time to decide! Do computers have a positive or negative effect on people? In my opinion, computers are great for society and we should continue to have them because they teach hand-eye coordination and give people the opportunity to learn about places and people far away. Best of all, you'll be able to talk to your friends and family online. It's definitely a great form of technology that people should have.
Dear trained reader @ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS1 ! Ah, I love hearing my computer turn on when I wake up. Such a beautiful sound. Some people feel the need to disagree and say that computers are bad for people. But, I think the computer is a magnificent invention. Anything @ CAPS2 will help improve hand-eye coordination, you can search for anything in the world, and you can even meet new people and keep in touch with friends far away. The world is just one click away! What is this? Need to write an article on how to play baseball and improve your pitching skills at the same time? Don't worry, you can just type this paper on the computer! This is one of the many benefits of owning a computer. @ CAPS2 a paper is so much faster than writing @ CAPS3 by hand. Studies show that @ CAPS2 a paper is @ PERCENT1 faster than writing @ CAPS3. Even @ PERSON1, and the most passionate about writing, says, "@ CAPS2 is so much easier than having to write! I type all my books writing well." @ CAPS3 has been said by officials that most handwriting enthusiasts convert to @ CAPS2 for better hand-eye coordination. If @ CAPS3 is used by people who oppose @ CAPS3, @ CAPS3 must be awesome ! Let's say you are doing a pandas project, but you don't know anything about it. What do you do? Look for @ CAPS3 on @ CAPS4.com of course ! @ CAPS4.com is a wealth of information, serving many links for all topics. I remember a time when I had a big report to write but didn't know anything about it. So what solved my problem? @ CAPS4! @ CAPS3 has been proven that @ PERCENT2 of the information found on @ CAPS4 is true. Do you know what else on the computer can help you with information? Just about any domain name on the web. Just type what you're looking for, add .com at the end and @ CAPS5 ! all the information you could possibly need. Hm, what else can the computer help you with ? I know. Your friend who has moved, you can send her a message and get back in touch. Or, if you don't like your friend who has moved, you may meet new people. For example, @ LOCATION1 is a show designed to match people into romantic relationships. So maybe you don't like computers. Well all I can tell you is that you miss him a lot. Excellent hand-eye coordination, wonderful information and colorful people like I said, the world is just one click away!
Dear readers, a lot of people use computers, but not many people think that @ CAPS4 benefits society. Well I @ CAPS5 ! I think this is because the internet helps you connect with the people you are looking for. The Internet also gives you the advantage of shopping online. If you don't have a @ CAPS1 system, you can get directions online. If you read more, you'll see why I support these details. Have you ever heard of @ CAPS2 or @ CAPS3 ? Well if you don't have @ CAPS4 being a social networking site, @ CAPS4 helps you connect, chat, and find the people you're looking for. I have an @ CAPS2 and a @ CAPS3 and they are not that bad. They are actually fun. There are games you can play, quizzes you can take, and you can chat with your friends. @ CAPS4 is a great way to find someone you know in another city or even. This is one of the reasons why the computer is a good source. If there's a reason you can't drive to the store or where you need to go to buy something, you can shop online and buy @ CAPS4 ! you can just type in the website address and watch all they have and click whatever you want and buy @ CAPS4! They even have online grocery shopping. So next time you are really upset that you cannot shop, just buy online. "@ CAPS4 may take a while to get your purchase items, @ CAPS4 is worth the wait." @ CAPS5 do you have a @ CAPS1 system ? well if you don't, don't worry! you can go online to a website such as www.mapquest.com. All you have to do at @ CAPS5 is type in the addresses you are starting from and then the address you are going to. Then you can print the directions so you don't get lost! It really is an advantage! So, don't you think that the computer is a definite advantage for almost everyone? Well I @ CAPS5 ! you can use @ CAPS4 to find the people you need to find. you can shop online and you can easily get directions in under five minutes ! That's almost everyone should be using a computer.
Dear Diary, @ CAPS1, do you know that two out of three people @ CAPS2 own a computer ? Computers are a very useful tool which benefits everyone in society. They allow people to communicate with each other, learn and teach hand-eye coordination and other good things for school. Computers are a very useful and beneficial part of society. Advances in technology have improved computers and now allow people to communicate through them. For example, the new webcams allow people to see and talk to each other from your computer screen. It allows people, regardless of their distance, to talk to each other and stay in touch. With my webcam, I can stay in touch with my cousins from @ LOCATION1. Another medium of communication is electronic mail. Thanks to the Internet, people can type messages back and forth. It's very quick and easy allowing people to talk to each other more and communicate. In addition to webcams and messaging computers, users have access to communication websites such as @ CAPS3 (instant messaging) or @ CAPS4. These websites exchange messages very quickly and easily. It is not difficult to do, as writing a letter would be, so that people can communicate more effectively and easily. Computers are very useful for communicating with @ CAPS6. Computers are an advancement that could help people learn more about anything. For example, they could learn more about the foreigh plaus. All they would have to do was go online, type in what they were @ CAPS5 for, and it would show up on the screen. This would allow people to learn about places all over the world. In addition, people can see images on the computer. For example, if someone wants to go on vacation far away, they can grab the place and see what it looks like. However, the computer does not only display locations. People could also see animals, other people, the environment, and anything else they wanted to learn. Also, with the creation of new websites, people could actually see what the Earth looks like from space. They can look at houses, the wonders of the world and many other computers giving people the opportunity to learn a lot more. @ CAPS6 plus would help people, especially students, to have a better education. If you ask someone at school they will tell you that computers are a very useful tool. First, it allows them to type. Students can type a project or document on the computer faster and easier. It will also be neater and more organized. In addition, computers teach students hand-eye coordination. By typing or even just clicking with the mouse, students improve their coordination. This is because of how quickly they are @ CAPS5 on the screen and by typing or clicking they have a sense of direction and know what to hit or where to put their hands without even @ CAPS5. Finally, computers help students because if they need help, they can just ask a friend of theirs through the computer. Students would understand the content better than they are @ CAPS6 and when they go to school they would already know that. Therefore, computers would allow students to get better grades. Computers play a big role in today's society. They are a means of communication, @ CAPS6, and allow students to do better in school. Overall, computers are a very beneficial tool in our society.
Dear editor, @ CAPS1 do you have a computer at home? @ CAPS1 do you use facebook, @ CAPS2 or any other type of social networking site? Well, if you're like the majority of respectable and caring @ CAPS3s in this country, you've probably answered yes to both of these questions ; and you probably also think that the computer is a great tool for teaching hand-eye coordination, as well as a great way to talk with other people online. Not only that, but you should notice the great potential of the computer to show us lands and cultures far and far away. What would we be able to @ CAPS1 without hand-eye coordination ? Nothing we could @ CAPS1. Without the hand-eye coordination that computers and video games help you develop, you wouldn't even be able to go out and enjoy a peaceful game of tennis, baseball, or even basketball, because without coordination. hand-eye, you're clumsy and your depth perception is off. If it weren't for the hand-eye coordination, you wouldn't even be able to grasp things because your hands wouldn't go where your eyes were looking. Although the computer is not the only way to learn hand-eye coordination, it is still an important strategy that does not require any effort to be executed. If you are a social butterfly and enjoy chatting with other people, you just need to own a computer! Computers, cell phones, personal assistants are all the same, and that's because they are all the same shape of computer. When you think about it, our country would be nowhere without these spectacular devices. These computers have helped industrialize and develop our great one nation superpower. Can you imagine having to drive to people's houses just to talk to them. These machines transmit our messages and our vices to people who can travel the world in seconds. They are a great innovation in technology. Imagine you have an assignment for college or an assignment at work for tomorrow, and you have messy handwriting. There is no way to do it on time and make it readable ; and the worst part is that you will be fired or deported if you don't. But your savior has arrived! The computer improves writing, speed and finding people with just a few clicks. Computers eliminate the need for long, tedious hours of handwriting or searching library books. What would happen to us without this wonderful invention? Now is the time for you to decide for yourself, @ CAPS1 do you like this time saver, this teaching invention that you can socialize on, or do you prefer to go back to the Stone Age?
Dear journal @ CAPS1, computers are a great invention that we have created. Some people worry that people are spending too much time on their computers and spending time with friends and family. Wait I also agree but spending time on your computer can actually be a good thing. It can be a good thing because you can learn something new every minute, you can also interact with your friends about it, finally you can do things at the same time spend time with your friends and exercise . Every minute that you are on the computer, you can learn something new ! For example, let's say you are on a gaming site playing a game and suddenly an advertisement appears. This will most likely give you some knowledge about the ad you are watching. Study also shows that whenever you are at a computer for at least @ NUM1 minutes, you can learn something new as you spend your time. Same way for them to communicate is via internet / computer. This way you can make arrangements. I know spending too much time on a computer isn't that great, but those are just pluses so please consider this.
Dear @ CAPS1, I think computers have a good and a bad effect on people. Even though I think it has both effects on people, I think it has a better effect, I think because internet gives people the chance to find out more about other places. Allows people to talk to their family who live far away and also helps make new friends. I support the advancement of technology. I support him because people can talk to their families that they cannot see. I have three cousins who live @ LOCATION1 I never see, but with computers, I can talk to them all the time. We can email @ CAPS2 to chat with each other to find out what they've been up to, how school is going and much more. My aunt loves sending and getting pictures of them to see how much they have changed since we last saw them. Without the new technology, we wouldn't be able to do it. Computers also help to discover other countries and the people who live there. With the internet, you can find out what the country is like, what kinds of food they eat, what kind of language they speak and much more. Recently I had to do a project in @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 on a location at @ LOCATION2. I got @ LOCATION4, @ LOCATION3 using computers, I learned so much more about the country that I never even know. There were so many great places to visit and learn more about the history of @ LOCATION4. Learning so much about the place makes me want to go there one day. Without the computers, I would never have learned so much about this place. Another great thing about new technology is that we can make new friends and talk to different types of people all over the world. I recently read in @ CAPS5 @ CAPS6 that at least @ PERCENT1 some kids have a myspace or facebook that helps them interact with people all over the world. It can also be dangerous to talk to people you've never met before. To be on the safe side, do not tell people your phone number or where you live. But meeting new people can also be a good thing. For example, my cousin doesn't get along very well with the people she goes to school with. But after school she goes on her computer and talks to people who are like her. Either way, she must be careful. In conclusion, I must say once again that I support technological advancements to some extent. Computers help you talk to your family that you can't see, help you discover new countries and meet new people. Thank you for your time.
Computers and other devices are good for humans, especially young people like me, because they are good at communication, grab the user's attention, and deliver unfamiliar information. In the letter @ CAPS3, I will explain. Communication is essential and technology is close to the best and fastest way to use communication. Cell phones of course allow you to use calls, but they also allow you to text someone. If you are having dinner with friends and you are late, with an SMS you can text them and they should be receiving it in no time. Email lets you do the same as text, but you can write longer messages. Something that is really good at communicating is video chatting. If you have a parent that you haven't seen for a long time, you can video chat and they can see you and you can see them. It's like talking to each other in person. Keeping a person's attention is essential. Technology does this with games, music from @ NUM1, computers, game consoles and the very latest, iPods and instructions on how to do something. Sure, a teacher or parents can, but lifting or seeing instructions on a computer is so much more exciting, which brings me back to the subject of @ CAPS3 to keep a person's attention. Technological devices are more exciting than teachers and certainly parents, but do they offer more? Information is probably the most common reason technology is used. If a child has a project for school, he uses the computers or asks his parents for it. If parents have no idea what their child just asked, they 'll say, "@ CAPS1 on the computer", if you haven't already. So in a way the human race is dependent on technology, in fact we are dependent on technology. Computers, cell phones, iPods, game consoles, etc. all include a little thing I would like to call the Internet. The internet has been around for a while, going from extremely slow to high speed, and it is a magical place. It can provide you with driving directions, recipes, job postings, store locations, movie show times and much more. Although technology is used in everyday life, from communication to information seeking, it can slowly shrink the human race. I mean most of us spend most of our time on @ CAPS2 or @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 when we should be walking, exercising, watching trees and birds, and communicating with family in front of you. to face. Therefore, computers and stuff are fine and all, but worth the trouble of getting fat or losing touch with your loved ones.
Dear Journal, @ CAPS1 technology has grown exponentially over the past few years. Computer use in particular has exploded. However, I believe this is not something to be excited about. Continued use of computers can affect the health of people, their families and friends, as well as their appreciation of nature. Excessive use of computers is a huge problem. Have you ever sat in front of a computer screen for hours? If so, you know the feeling of drowsiness and irritability. Lack of exercise when using a computer affects people more than they realize. Excessive computer use has been linked to obesity and high blood pressure. the more people use the computer, the higher their blood pressure. Just the act of sitting in front of a screen is terrible on people's bodies. To stay healthy, use the computer only when absolutely necessary. Continuing all the time can separate you from others. This generation, especially teenagers, uses the computer to communicate with others rather than to talk to them. Communicating only by computer can socially alienate them from people. Not to mention the speed at which rumors and secrets have spread across the internet. Computer use can ruin relationships, even those with family. Being careless of family while always on the computer can keep people apart. Families can become a trivial thing. People cannot pay attention to their family when they are sucked into a computer screen. Computers create bogus substitutes for almost everything, even nature. Humans began to live in the wild, gathering food from the earth and giving back by replanting. Our connection to nature was strong. We needed it to prosper. These days, however, instead of listening to the sound of rain and the rustle of dry leaves, people prefer high-pitched artificial beeps and the classic " You've got mail ." People don't appreciate nature the way they used to, as they should. The beauty of nature is simply overlooked as if there is nothing special about it. Well, without it we wouldn't be alive. Life cannot exist without anything to thrive on. We can hop on our computers and look at nature photos on @ ORGANIZATION1. com, or we can take our shoes off and see it for ourselves. No one can experience the greatness of nature on the computer. No one can feel the sensation of cool lake water sliding over their skin or a hot day on @ DATE1 by emailing a friend. It cannot be done. Computers have robbed us of our ability to experience the creature. In conclusion, computers are horrible for people. They can affect health, friends and family, and the appreciation of nature. We should use computers only when necessary in order to stay healthy. Instead of going online, go outside.
I support technological advances because in the future. Our world will be run by computers that people can discover in places and people they can never afford to see in real life, and finally, it helps connect people to others without speaking to them directly. Have you ever thought about the future, I know I have, usually when you think about the future you think of nobody and a lot of automated things. The point is, the world is becoming pure technology and as we the people get smarter, the technology gets smarter and smarter, so what good is the future if none of us know how. use simple technology like a computer, so how are we going to use the more complicated things then? Believe it or not, our world @ NUM1 years from now will be running entirely on computers, you won't have to do anything, but will. without computers, how would we know everything we know now. How would people know that Egypt looked like @ NUM2 a year ago ? they don't have to be there, they could just search for it on the computer and how it must be just as important as if they had been there. Computers also allow you to discover people who lived before your time. What president do you have in something, but how would you know that after the computer, you could go to a library, there will be computers in today's society. Our average being would understand how that is because of what computers have given us. I can tell some experts are concerned that for some people this is the only fix for their emily and their friends if there is a family that lives in, say, another country, and he or she wanted to talk to you, how do you do that? I know I would try to contact them on the computer. I love friends who live out of state and I love talking to them so if we didn't have the computers we have. these experts say that we are going to drive across the country to talk to them, if you ask me, it is quite tiring and unnecessary. In conclusion, I hope you agree with me that it is important to keep technology in our lives because of the future for people to learn things about places and people, and also to communicate with friends and family although i can see your part of view that kids don't get enough exercise, most kids also play sports with computers.
Dear @ CAPS1 -in- @ CAPS2, computers are very useful tools in today's society and culture. They develop cognitive skills and offer a vast wealth of knowledge. I want you to understand all the benefits of a computer. First of all, computers improve our hand-eye coordination skills. As we type we watch the screen, while using our hands to type it almost becomes second nature after a while, proof that it helps with this cognitive skill. Having good hand-eye coordination is an essential part of driving, and many other trails we do throughout the day. Also, you have to take into account the almost endless amount of knowledge available about this tool. You can learn just about anything on the Internet, and most of it is absolutely free. In fact, on websites like @ CAPS3 only, you can find a dedicated webpage for just about anything. Contrary to the belief of counter-arguments, a computer can actually help in our social life. With instant messengers like @ CAPS4 and @ ORGANIZATION1, you can chat with people around the world in real time. Social networks like @ CAPS5 allow you to keep your friends up to date with what you are doing. Please take my letter into account and publish it in your editorial. I believe computers help us with cognitive skills, learning and socialization. Thank you for your time.
Dear @ CAPS1 from @ ORGANIZATION1, Some people say that computers are a negative contributor to society. In @ CAPS3's view, computers have a positive impact on the world around us. I believe @ CAPS4 gives people hand-eye coordination and a way to get organized. Not only these, but people are always interacting with others. if you don't believe me now read the details of @ CAPS3 and you will feel the same as me. When you consider @ CAPS4, computers give us hand-eye coordination. there is no way to use a computer without typing. It doesn't matter if you're just typing a short password or trying to page @ NUM1, you'll still have to type, and when you do @ CAPS4 allows for better movement of your hands. It can help you later in sports when you go out and exercise. Since computers have become such a popular thing, I think in the future typing or using a computer will be in @ CAPS2. it could be hand-eye coordination @ CAPS4 gives @ CAPS3 theory is whatever you think about, you type. in addition to hand-eye coordination, computers provide organization which is of great concern in life today. Do you have photo files posing your house? Well, it doesn't have to be. With computers, you store everything and files neatly. how your strength, you can bark those that are easy to find, everything becomes all that is to locate. Even doctors are computers that donate your medical needs and time. Computers can give organize. Also, computers keep helping instead of the store, for example, keep friends that I can talk to with friends or family far away. @ CAPS4 keeps us together and I'm not saying @ CAPS4 is always a good thing because we all need face to face interaction. Although when you are not able to get this it is a good way to talk. To conclude, computers positively affect our lives. We're able to achieve hand-eye coordination and stay organized when @ CAPS4 can be hard to do @ CAPS4 can bring people together when they're not in person. You can learn about new things like people and places far away. although people @ MONTH1 think the opposite of me, i know computers benefit society.
Dear editor of @ ORGANIZATION1 I am writing this letter to you @ CAPS4 I think people don't exercise enough @ CAPS4 they spend so much time on the computer and they go to websites here are some things I want to that you write so that people can and @ MONTH1 know about it. My first reason why I wonder why this @ CAPS4 so many people have spent so much time on the computer that they don't understand that they are not working. They sit down and want to message their friends @ CAPS1 day. Don't worry that they pick up @ CAPS2 and @ CAPS3 A on their heart @ CAPS4 from @ CAPS2. @ CAPS4 of that, he can @ CAPS5 to heal @ CAPS6 of things you cannot do @ CAPS15. m @ CAPS7 reason @ CAPS8 @ CAPS9 websites to moral children @ CAPS10 @ CAPS11 things they are not supposed to see when kids have a free computer @ CAPS12 excise the thing I leave @ CAPS11 that can @ CAPS10 @ CAPS11 @ CAPS14 sites, gun sites, @ CAPS15 at things can do anything they @ MONTH1 really hurt someone or maybe even themselves. Children try to learn that people @ CAPS15 talk like @ CAPS16 websites about things they can't and can see. Are @ NUM1 on @ CAPS16 @ CAPS18. My third reason chat sites Places to get attention They go @ ORGANIZATION1 things they don't assume for the @ NUM2 year old man here some things to write about are doing and please watch them as much as possible to avoid this.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 a world without computers. I imagine it to be a better place. Why wouldn't you want to make the world a better place. @ MONTH1 computers are useful for work and business, but young children waste time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. What do you prefer to have computers or not? In my opinion, people would be better off without them. Lack of exercise is talked about countless times in society. Computers are a factor to blame, the @ LOCATION1 already being one of the most obese countries in the world that would like to add to this cotastrofy. If the number of computers used in each household increases, the number of obese people at @ LOCATION2 will also increase. If computers take away exercise, health problems will occur more often and at a younger age. Dr @ PERSON1 says that "if children spend more free time on the computer rather than increasing the risk of diabetes, it will increase for them" @ CAPS3, it can also lead to less exercise. Older citizens will be a big target for a heart attack. It is said that five in six people could have stopped a heart attack just by taking the same time out of their day to go to the gym or take a walk. No one should waste their exercise while playing virtual games and instant messaging on the Internet. Fewer people have the chance to enjoy nature when they are at the computer all day. If more people cared about nature, global warming wouldn't be a problem. In my opinion, the citizens of @ LOCATION2 would like to keep it cleaner and more concerned about them. more and more people cared about and liked nature, wildlife would be taken away from animals. People would end what some people and businesses do to nature. Finally, when you're at your computer all day, you don't realize what nature has to offer fresh air and animals. Or endless canyons must enjoy nature more, the computer must not be in their way. Don't most people think that their relationships with family members and friends could be much stronger if they interacted and spent time with them rather than with their computer. @ CAPS2 how much better a dinner conversation and family celebration could get if people were closer to their families. In addition, people need families. Your computer can't help you get through the emotional pain if you lose a loved one. @ PERCENT1 people can go through difficult and stressful times as a family. Finally, your social life might improve if people weren't on the computer all day. Not interacting with people could make you antisocial and not fun to be around. No one wants to be like that. Also, your computer may not be working all the time, but your family and friends will always be there. The world would be better off without computers. I think anyone who is sitting in their bedroom at the computer could switch up exercise, enjoy nature, as well as family and friendships by going down and doing things that they will actually benefit from. You don't have to have a computer in your life, but don't speak for everyone. The question then is whether to stop using computers or turn them off for good.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, Some parents worry that their child is constantly on the computer. Now I'm going to talk about @ NUM1 good stuff on computers. @ NUM1 bad stuff and @ NUM1 stuff on what you should be doing. A good thing is that you can talk to people. You can tell your friends online about something at school or whatever. This is good because if you forgot what the homework was or if you need help with something, you can go online and ask them. Another reason is that you are meeting people from @ ORGANIZATION1. For example @ CAPS1 or facebook. When you meet people from @ ORGANIZATION1 online they are mostly from a different country that you have never heard of, then you just learned something @ ORGANIZATION1 and you have a friend from @ ORGANIZATION3, @ CAPS2 or @ LOCATION1. Another good thing is you learn @ ORGANIZATION1 things online about anything. It could be a website @ ORGANIZATION1 that you have never heard of that can help you in the future. For example @ ORGANIZATION2. @ ORGANIZATION2 could help you a lot. Now where do we go to talk about @ NUM1 bad things computers do. The first bad thing computers do is get you hooked. For example, I got hooked when I had a computer, but no, we didn't get rid of ours and now I just played with my sisters. The second bad thing is viruses. My grandma's computer got a virus from a website, that website was @ CAPS1. When you catch a virus it sucks, you can't do anything or you can't research anything for school. Getting viruses isn't cool, you have to wait about a week for them to fix it. The last bad thing is you never want to hang out with your family. I know people who do it like it's not cool if a business comes home, get out of the computer. Since I'm out of time, I'm going to talk about one thing you should do. You should have some time on the computer and go have fun and do whatever you want to do except go to the computer. This is what I think you should for now.
Dear @ PERSON1, @ CAPS1 is called @ PERSON2 and I am here to give you @ CAPS1's opinion on computers. Computers are fun and educational. They have a lot of websites for games. Like the portal, @ NUM1.com, they offer fun and safe games for kids under @ NUM2. They also have educational websites that help you with your job. Like google. Ask your question.com, these websites have all the information on the things you need help with. They also have @ CAPS2, facebook. Yes, I know there have been rumors that people are threatening cats. But other than that, you can chat with your friends instead of waiting for your mom to hang up. @ CAPS2 allows you to meet new people without having to tell them who you are. The opinion of @ CAPS1 is that computers are safe for different occasions, but also great fun and educational.
I think people shouldn't overuse the computer because it makes you want to be on it and that day. Like yes you can play games on it and talk to people like other people you use to see it I can understand that but other people around you like that live with you people who on the computer all day can spend time with family and friends and other places then go and watch them on the computer, i mean like seeing other people you see on the computer like chatting or like the webcam on the computer, maybe you can go look in another state and go visit them. so being on the computer people who are still on the computer should go out because it's never going to do things is that they are still on the computer, like when @ CAPS1 on the computer @ CAPS1 for an hour so is the I do things with family and friends, but not all the time @ CAPS1 on it, as I understand if you work on the computer at work and then finish things at home for your job, but once in one you spend time with family and friends, not @ CAPS4 on it all the time. Some people @ CAPS4 come home and @ CAPS4 go to the computer and the way people get lazy start to get fat because they @ CAPS4 go there and maybe stop to eat and go back on the computer then when they get off they will all be tiered and stuff wont want to go anywhere @ CAPS4 to sleep or like sometimes have to do it after they are all lazy and not wanted to do nothing at all, that's why people should go out more and do things with family and friends over there to have fun with over there like.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, I have surveyed @ NUM1 people and @ PERCENT1 of them agree that computers have a positive effect on people. Computers can help people talk to someone in a remote location, teach people hand-eye coordination, and provide the opportunity to learn more about people or places. Using computers is a great way to stay in touch with someone. For example, my grandparents live at @ LOCATION2. Some of the ways I stay in touch with them are through email, video chat, and instant messaging. If you're talking to more than one person at the same time, or if your parents are on the phone, there are other benefits to talking to people online. Another good thing about computers is that they are good at teaching people hand-eye coordination. The ways to teach this is by typing and clicking something, people @ CAPS1, when they type look at the keyboard. But, with practice, they will move on to staring at the computer screen while typing. To click on something, you have to move the mouse while looking at the screen. Believe it or not, it's hand-eye coordination. One last reason computers are good at helping people is that a student has to search for a place or a person for a report card, they can very easily go to google.com and type in who or what they are looking for. Another option is to say that someone is going on vacation to @ LOCATION1 and they don't know. They can go on the Internet and get information about @ LOCATION1 with a few mouse clicks. Finally, let's say someone wants to learn more about @ ORGANIZATION2 @ ORGANIZATION2 for fun : they type @ ORGANIZATION2 to check out all the websites, pick the best one, and start reading. In conclusion, I definitely believe that computers have a positive effect on people for the reasons I have indicated. People can talk to someone online, computers can teach hand-eye coordination, and finally, people can look at a person or locate themselves using the Internet. This is my computer review, hope you agree.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 is called @ PERSON1 and @ CAPS2 are writing to you to tell you about how computers benefit society. Did you know that @ NUM1 houses on @ NUM2 have at least @ NUM3 computers in their house ? Well, who wouldn't ! Computers let you learn more because you can search more, it's faster than having to search for things in the library, and with tools like @ CAPS3 and Facebook, you can talk to people you know. you don't normally see. Computers allow you to learn more through the Internet. With the Internet, you can use websites like Google, @ LOCATION1 and @ LOCATION2. When you look at things on these websites and many more, you can get some valuable information which can move you forward in life. For example, if I looked for a chocolate chip recipe and tried different things to make it unique and then sold it, just think that life changed with just one click on the computer. Also, if I were to search for a topic for the @ CAPS1 story project, I would go to the computer, google, then type in the subject @ CAPS1 and be overwhelmed with getting the information I had. need and about the project, that's how computers help you learn more. Computers are very fast I can create @ NUM4 PowerPoint slides @ CAPS6 with useful information in the time it would take me to go to the library, find a good book, and write enough information to make a PowerPoint slide : in case exceedance @ PERCENT1 of people turn to the computer for useful information. When I was doing the @ CAPS1 @ TIME1 social studies project I had to find out what the @ CAPS4 flag looked like. So instead of trying to possibly find a book on the library. I just hopped on google and clicked on the pictures and clicked on the pictures and typed the @ CAPS4 flag. Within seconds, the @ CAPS1 screen was @ CAPS6 with real and modified images of the @ CAPS4 flag. It is amazing how fast information can travel from the World Wide Web to your computer. So, would you rather be stuck in a library searching for information forever or just enjoying your life because you've saved all that time going to the computer ? Have you ever heard of facebook, myspace, @ CAPS3 or twitter? Well, these are all great ways to communicate with people who use the computer. When I'm @ CAPS3 or Facebook I can talk to people that I might not be able to see all the time, one of @ CAPS1's friends from the camp lives at @ CAPS10 so I don't see her much, so with the wonderful invention of facebook, i could talk to it all the time. Just think that without the computer, Facebook would never have been invented, so I would probably have lost touch with a good friend. Also when I go to the computer. I have the option to connect to something called @ CAPS3 or via email. With it, I can talk to people and receive wacky emails. This would happen if the computer was not invented. So, don't you want the information to be easier to find? Faster to find information. And talk to your friends more easily. Well, let's @ NUM2 make @ NUM2 houses that have a computer and help society by doing your part and just getting what you need on the computer and then enjoying life. Imagine how much time you save using the computer.
Do you really think @ CAPS1 needs computers to live ? I'm okay with spending less time on computers and spending more time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with friends. I this because @ CAPS1 and his family. And @ CAPS1 don't need computer @ CAPS1 don't need computers @ CAPS2 @ CAPS1 are lost and don't know where @ CAPS1 are @ CAPS1 get @ CAPS3, not @ CAPS2 @ CAPS1 must look for something @ CAPS1 uses ipod. If some people like to chat with each other, they use cell phones. Let's say you have a project in the class libraries are available. @ PERCENT1 children love to read. A is a great way to improve your reading. If you don't have the right ideas @ CAPS2 as you read, you can ask your teachers, @ CAPS2 now is a good time. Like afternoons or during lunchtime. One day @ CAPS2 I went to class there was a project due and the kid said "I'm copying all the words for the computers." And this is called pradiser. So some parents do not see the children pladeriser. Sometimes the Internet is not good for children. Sometimes you need to take a break and slow down. You can take a trip and see your family. You can also watch nature. Exercise, hike, swim, and cycle. Computers aren't family, they're not going to make you exercise and make you lazy. Now that you have heard why you should stop going to computers because you have electronics, libraries, and family. You stop and make a change now. There is nothing to lose.
What do you think of computers? I think computers have a very positive effect on people. All children should have @ NUM1. Please consider the following tips. Computers are great for kids. I teach them life skills such as hand-eye coordination, a lot about technology. Expert @ PERSON1 says, "@ PERCENT1 successful full jobs involve some kind of interaction with computers, and if they learn these skills at an early age, they can soon become experts." Technology is a part of life @ CAPS1 today and will continue to increase over the years. It is a serious idea to want to separate our children from technology. As a child my sister grew up with computers, she knew how to use it to the fullest at age @ NUM2, she went to collage with amazing computer skills. Today she works in a law firm as a presidential secretary. She is paid a lot of money. Today she is trying to teach me all about technology. If you have children, you know that you only want the best in their present and their future. People say that children are the future, not if they are unsuccessful. Computers are a great way for children of all ages to learn and communicate with one another and others @ NUM1. We all want our children to be happy. @ NUM4 out @ NUM5 Children use the internet to research things for @ CAPS2 and projects. Child Therapist @ PERSON2 says "a child who chats with other children through the internet like Facebook, @ CAPS3 and myspace are normally more socially interactive with other children. I know you think there are a lot of things. "@ CAPS4" on the internet which I don't want my kids to see, conversely you can set limits and block kids. And you don't want your kids to be at risk of obesity due to obesity either. lack of exercise. So give their time limits. My cousins are each on the @ NUM6-hour computer. they @ CAPS2 and no matter how long they have left, they discuss with friends. That's not all @ CAPS4. As you can see, computers can be viewed in a very positive way. Heed my advice and let your kids have internet freedom. They will be happier believe -me.
Do you like your computer? Does it benefit you and those around you? People say that computers do not benefit people. I write to prove them wrong and to explain why computers benefit us. It helps us with things like learning, communication, and even money or economic issues. First of all, learning is very important in a life and computers can help you increase the fact that hand eye coordination is very useful in different sports like tennis, golf and hackey. When you go to the computer, you learn this skill. For example, the last @ DATE1 I went to tennis with mom and she never used the computer. She missed every ball thrown at her. Through computers all over the world, and going on the computer can open you up to the whole world. You can see places like @ LOCATION1, @ LOCATION2 and even @ LOCATION3. Overall has the fewest computers in the world. Finally, computers allow you to learn to type. In the United States, there are jobs that you have to type in. If you type, then you are doing a good job. If you get a good job, you can be successful in life. Computers definitely benefit your learning. Second, when. Computers open up new friends for you. One, when you go to school, more with another student. Computers allow you to speak properly. According to Facebook magazine, @ PERCENT1 of all students in a school are chatting and talking to one other person online. Second, the computer can also help you communicate with your family, for example. If your she was injured, could you send an e-mail to your injured grandmother. Computers can also your family. Finally, a computer halfway through life. For example, children with cancer, or even needing to check them out, may allow you to talk to these kinds of people. The computer is very useful in social life. Finally, computers help you. In this economy, it is really difficult to find a job. So, the computer can help you with online websites that give you a place to work.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION2, computers are destroying modern youth. The rapid advancement of technology is not a positive thing. Popular social networks like Facebook and Twitter put young people at risk from @ CAPS1- @ CAPS2 and child predators. Children also become addicted to computers and pay the price physically. Although we are becoming a smarter species, we are destroying those who will soon rule the world. This crazy computing must stop! Although children are able to socialize using computers, they are at risk of physical and emotional harm. “I really tried to ignore all the cruel comments people were making about me. I tried as hard as I could, but every time I logged into Facebook and looked at what people were saying to me. my subject, I was dying inside. I had almost no desire to inhabit. " This quote was said by @ PERSON1, a former student of @ ORGANIZATION1. He is a victim of @ CAPS1- @ CAPS2. Thousands of students like @ PERSON1 are harassed just as badly, if not worse. Social networks promoted by modern technology collect cases like that of @ PERSON1. If this rapid rise in technology continues, we will see many more cases like this. Over the past year, @ NUM1 @ CAPS1-bullied took her own life. These are @ NUM1 lives that could have been saved ; @ NUM1 families who could still be together. This computer madness is losing lives, we cannot allow this to continue. Computers not only cause emotional harm, but also physical harm. The average teenager spends between one and four hours on the computer, which makes an hour of exercise seem tiny. The large number of obese children is largely caused by computers. The many features of computers, such as instant messaging, music, and games, appeal to children - spending time they could use for exercise in front of a computer. Statistics show that the average obese child spends @ PERCENT1 of their free time on a computer. The time they spend exercising and playing is only five percent of their day. At @ DATE1, the kids spent their day @ PERCENT2 in front of a computer and @ PERCENT3 outdoors. Over the past few years @ NUM4, those numbers have headed south due to advancements in technology. These numbers prove that computers have dictated the day for obese children, making them worse off. Computers are to blame for the weight problems of our world. As I conclude this letter, I can only hope that I have persuaded you to take a stand and put an end to this technological advance. In conclusion, computers harvest @ CAPS1- @ CAPS2, resulting in emotional discomfort. They also dictate the weather and as a result children become obese. We need to take a stand and change the statistics for the better. Computers are ruining lives.
Dear readers, @ CAPS1 what if I told you that every time you sit down in front of a computer you are that much closer to death? @ CAPS1 what if I said computers destroy your lives? This @ MONTH1 isn't that tight, but it's shocking. You cannot disagree. I think humans shouldn't use computers, or at least use them very little. Computers make people exercise less, they kill brain cells, and they can ruin your lifestyle. You @ MONTH1 think computers have affected your life, but the consequences remain. Today a lot of @ CAPS2 are obese and lazy. They don't exercise. There are a number of reasons for this, but one of the main reasons is that they sit in front of computers all day! @ MONTH1 computers improve reflexes and more, but you can also do this while exercising ! When you are sitting in front of a computer, it trains you. Ten minutes becomes an hour in the blink of an eye ! That's an hour less exercise. Virtual sports @ MONTH1 are fun, but they take you away from the real ones. Without exercise, an @ MONTH1 becomes obese, develops diabetes or heart problems, or even muscle disorders. These can be dangerous, even fatal. Computers don't exercise your body, or your mind! Now this fact brings me to my next point. The @ MONTH1 computers have information to teach you, but this type of learning has its consequences. When you are sitting in front of a computer, your eyes are fixed on the screen. Now, scientists at the @ ORGANIZATION1 foundation have discovered that looking at the screen kills brain cells. Basically, these cells don't reproduce as easily as other cells, and sometimes they don't reproduce at all. You are just one more step towards death. I'm sure you don't want death. Try to open a book! They are cheaper, more accurate and don't kill your cells! Do not stare at the computer screen, as you are slowly destroying your body, and knowledge can be acquired elsewhere. As a final point, I would like to say that computers are simply destroying your lifestyle. Virtual people are not your real friends and family. Computers are pushing you to turn away from it. Online interaction is not like just talking to someone in person or on the phone. You can lose your true friends. Plus, computers run your lifestyle because half of the things you think you learn aren't real. You cannot trust some sites or some people. Being with those you know and love is much more beneficial as computers train you and take you away from the real world. I think we should all take a stand against computers. They take away exercise, cause brain cell death and other problems to occur, and they can ruin your lifestyle. No one wants to be a lonely joke ! Read a book, go out and do the day ; but stay away from the screen. There are better alternatives. Take a stand and do @ CAPS1 is better. Be the healthy and happy person, and lay off those computers, so you can get the most out of life !
Dear editor of my local newspaper In my opinion, computers have a positive effect on people. I support technological advances. I think @ CAPS1 is a positive thing because @ CAPS1 teaches hand-eye coordination, gives people the chance to learn more about distant places and people, and even allows us to chat online with others. . In the following paragraphs, I will share with you my opinions and why these are the right opinions that everyone believes. Firstly, hand-eye coordination plays a big role in our lives, many of us play sports. Now, sport isn't just about being the best @ CAPS1 to get better and perform your best. Sports take a lot of practice and are computer games well, although I bet you didn't know @ CAPS1 these games help you develop hand eye coordination. Defeating these and other monsters really helps you in the sport. Catching and throwing is a big part in a lot of sports and it's all about hand eye coordination, and where do you think you get @ CAPS1 from computer practice and games. So the next time you are on the computer play games and it will be like playing a sport and help you develop the hand eye coordination you need to be successful in a sport. Second, @ CAPS2 in favor of computer use is because @ CAPS1 gives us the opportunity to discover places and people all over the world. Think @ CAPS1 before computers if you want to know something you might need to locate all around for a book that tells you @ CAPS1, @ CAPS1 might take, now you type in whatever you wanna know or google and bing theres your answer. This ability to quickly find what you are looking for allows you more freedom to learn and spend valuable time doing other things you want to do, then take the time to locate and read the right book. As you can see, this is an ability and can be of great help when you need to know something fast. So help yourself and use computers to make your life easier. Third, computers are a way of communicating, they can allow you to talk to people all around you, when you could and usually be able to. It's a great way to stay in touch when people are moving, going on a business trip, going on vacation, or even to meet new people. Suppose you can reach someone because the phone is off and it is important that you talk to them, you can email them or if you are online and have @ CAPS3.M. you can @ CAPS2 (instant message). This will save you from having to keep calling him. Also, if you want to see what they're doing or where they're at, you can send us a website and see them instead of just talking to them. As this paragraph shows, the Internet and computers are opening up more than ever. As I wrote above, I haven't even shown a fraction of what computers are for. My reasons why computers are more positive than negative are as follows ; they help us learn things we couldn't before, communicate with others, and develop hand-eye coordination. I can only hope that as I write my conclusion, " that my opinions have been heard and this letter has helped everyone understand why computers are a good thing, not a bad thing."
Dear @ PERSON2 "@ CAPS1, @ CAPS1" I'm sure you've all heard the sound of a mouse or people typing if you've walked into an office, our local library, a doctor's office or even our schools. district. The reality is that computers and the World Wide Web seem and are being used everywhere. Without a computer, how could @ CAPS3 access our emails, interact with a family member across the ocean, and complete the research the teacher gave us ? In my opinion, computers have a phenomenal effect on people and their lives. The computer helps develop hand-eye coordination, learn about specific topics, and interact with people on the computer. Therefore, with such positive effects, @ CAPS3 should continue to use this wonderful technology and do our job. Have you ever walked into your school lab or office building and all you could hear was mouse clicks or buttons pressed on the keyboard ? Well, not only is a job done, but you are also exercising. I remember last month when my class received a five page essay. After the second page my hands were aching a lot, @ CAPS4, not only was I finishing my essay, but also exercising. Computers not only allow you to exercise, but they also help develop hand-eye coordination. Have you ever played a game where you had to grab a fist or play a game of fast pitch pinball ? Well, these games require one key thing: hand-eye coordination. Computers are very useful in today's world. The computer and the World Wide Web are also useful in several other ways. The Internet also allows you to learn about certain topics or events for which you may not have a book. My best friend @ PERSON1 called me one day from the train. On the phone, she was distraught because she was giving a speech and she did not know what the statistic was for type diabetes @ CAPS5. What to do when you don't have a book on a specific subject? @ PERSON3 went to her laptop and found all the information she didn't know. it's just another way people gain quick access to a computer. " You have mail " I'm sure you've all heard that. Besides communication by mail or telephone, the Internet has also given us more means of rapid communication. when you need to confirm a meeting place or ask your classmate what problems have been assigned to homework, what could be a quick way of communication ? Sending an instant message or an email is of course two ways. Not only do computers allow you to communicate quickly, but also privately. Your email account and instant messaging account both have passwords so that only you can access them. All four in five households have a computer available for homework, checking, emailing and learning more about what happened at @ LOCATION1 last week. The computer has had a positive effect on many people and their daily needs. In my opinion, the computer was one of the best technologies in history. This amazing technology has helped students, teachers, doctors, law enforcement and even you, the bank agents, to serve and make our community a better one. Thank you.
Dear local newspaper, the company @ CAPS1 should have computers because it teaches you things that a school or a job will never teach you, and it allows you to be in touch with your friends and family that you cannot see. many. I would like you to understand my concern about how @ CAPS1 company should have computers. First, we should have computers because they teach us things that we might not have learned before. I say this because if you want to know more about @ LOCATION1 and school or work doesn't teach you as much as you want to know, then all you have to do is search the internet and there is lucky you will find it. @ NUM1 people would rather have computers to search for things instead of not knowing so much about something at all. Then we should have computers for the company @ CAPS1 as we could contact people online that we haven't spoken to. My opinion is that if you haven't met a friend or family member in a while, you can talk to them online. Also, if they don't have a phone or if they have one but it's a long distance and you can't talk long distance on your phone, you can talk to them or send you e- mails, etc. Example, say if your phone is it doesn't work and the only thing that works is your computer puts you in touch with someone. All you have to do is talk to them online. Do you prefer to talk on the phone or on the computer. In conclusion, the company @ CAPS1 should have computers because we could learn more and chat with people. I would like you to appreciate my concern for having computers in the @ CAPS1 company.
Did you know that @ PERCENT2 on @ PERCENT1 kids today would rather play computer games than do other activities ? My opinion on this topic is that it is more important for children to do other things than sit in front of the computer all day. The reasons I feel this is because it is important to exercise, kids tend to be addicted to computer games, and if someone's life revolves around it. computer, it is likely that he can not live in the "real" world. " When a child is sitting at the computer all day, it does not exercise. Today, obesity is a major problem. If people spend less on the computer and do more exercise, this may decrease. in addition, it is important that children get fresh air. When someone plays with computer, it does not get as much fresh air as you would outside. Finally, those who realize the importance of exercise tend to play sports, stay active and have fun. A once you start playing games on the computer, you cannot go back. In today's society, children of all ages are becoming more and more addicted. os to the computer. Dependent children do not pay attention to their environment. Additionally, some of these games may be inappropriate for younger players. Finally, if children become addicted, they could perform poorly in school for refusing to do homework. If a child is constantly on the computer, there is a chance that he will not be prepared for the "real world". In the " real world " you cannot rely on computer games. Also, games won't teach you things that you can only learn in school. Later in life, when you want to find a job, you won't be able to be accepted because you won't seem knowledgeable. Finally, when you write your application to go to college, they will review your records of sports and activities you played in college. If they can't find anything, they'll reject you because of your lack of participation. So, when you are sitting in front of the computer screen, remember all the possibilities that you have outside of the computer. For example, it is important that you exercise, playing computer games could get you hooked and you will not be prepared for the "real world". What is your opinion?
Dear Diary, @ CAPS1, my name is @ PERSON1 and I believe that computers have a negative influence on people. When people are on computers all day, they have less time to exercise. They are in much more danger and spend less time with their families. These are just a few of the reasons why computers do not benefit society. Plus, more time spent on computers equals less time exercising. With the increase in the rate of obesity, no one wants to be unable to do regular activities. By spending all of your time on the computer, you would just be using it to lose weight and be unhealthy. It also makes many people feel self-aware. If they don't have enough time to exercise and keep eating, they will become even more self-aware. Besides, it will bring more danger to you and your family. There are many places on the Internet where you can meet new people. But how do you know if people are who they seem? Spending more time on the computer will increase your chances of @ PERCENT3 getting personal feedback, or even giving you personal information. So why take the risk? Get rid of this computer ! Even if you don't meet on the internet, you'll still be glued to your computer, making it more likely to be harassed. I really don't want this for my family. The last reason is the most important for @ PERCENT1 of the @ LOCATION1 family. If you spend all this time on your computer, you will be in your family. This moment is very important because you never know when your family will be gone! And this is a very scary subject to think about. I know most of the people at @ LOCATION1 spent all of their time with their families. On another note, a survey shows that @ PERCENT2 of children who spend time with their family and less than @ NUM1 minutes on the computer score higher than @ NUM2 in all grades. Wouldn't you like to do the honorary role in your school? In conclusion, computers have a negative effect on people! Spending the most time on your computer can result in less time spent exercising, more danger / harm to people, and less time spent with your family. Don't you just prefer to spend less time on your computer ? Thank you for your time.
I think computers are very beneficial. There are so many uses! From learning to games, videos and a very useful tool. Without computers we would be like @ CAPS1 (@ CAPS2 offends anyone @ CAPS1). We would have to wait for a newspaper or the news to come on @ CAPS4.V. to see attractive news. Let me explain my reasoning in the next few paragraphs. First of all, there is a lot to do. You can play online games, offline games, surf the web, chat, match videos, etc. Without the Internet, I would probably have lost my interest in @ ORGANIZATION1. I am now a member of the online community called www.MOCpages.com I post my designs, view other people's designs, and comment and discuss. I use the internet to research school projects. Right now I'm looking for @ CAPS5 @ CAPS6 during @ CAPS7 @ CAPS8. Normally I would have to slog through books to find something. Now it is much easier because the keywords are matched. Well, he's a good fool. Did you know that the military need computers to store information, attack, keep records and fly certain planes ? I need to use a computer for typing work from home because as you can see my handwriting is not @ CAPS4 the neatest. Also, I keep in touch with my dad, who works in @ ORGANIZATION2. I hope I have convinced you of my position. Don't forget about computers, do a lot of stuff, help us learn, and it's a fantastic tool. Thanks for reading, bye!
To whoever it is @ MONTH1, For a lot of people this is so much fun, but then they get so obsessed that they can lose so much that they loved. My position is that computers hurt people. Money, weight and sleep. My opinion is my opinion, but I will stand firm with what I have. My father's favorite is the financial business. With five kids and a laptop who would like to be happy. With people sitting and watching a computer game all day, the bills keep piling up until you lose everything like your house, family, money, etc. But who cares about them when you are obsessed with your computer. My favorite is the overweight problem. Yes, I agree, it's nice to sit in a soft chair with your computer and bowls of fries and boxes of pizza, but sooner or later all that greasy food will catch up with you when you expect it. the least, but get up and take yourself a jog, run on a treadmill or take a walk @ NUM1. This computer game probably won't work. This wright will keep coming until you can't even move. Sitting at a @ NUM2 will really have your eyes, brain, muscles, and other important body parts due to sleep deprivation and sleep deprivation. I can tell that to my brother with his record. The baby comes home, boom he's on it until maybe @ NUM3 or @ NUM4 hours in @ TIME1. Eventually he will get sick and I am not to blame for it. When you sit down in front of a computer, you will end up making yourself sick and in some cases dying if you wake up so late. Now, as an ordinary teenager, I like to go to the computer, but one thing I don't do is sit and watch movies or play games every hour of every day. I go out and run so that I don't fall victim to the weight. Financial and bodily issues, as do the folks at @ MONTH1. So don't waste your life in a game or a chat room, go out and do something like sports or just get some fresh air.
Many people say that the computer helps them in their everyday life. Some examples are that you could learn more about places you didn't know by doing a Google search. You get factual reviews about the place. You exercise your fingers. It helps to communicate with others. It can help you find a long lost family. It brings together a lot of family and friends that you may have been looking for. Also with hand and eye coordination. And that means you can write / type without having to look at the other features provided by a computer online. You can look and browse the things available in a store. Without driving to the store, wasting gasoline and polluting the air. I.Ms a way to find out what's going on around the world and the latest news. You can still interact with your family and friends and meet new people. There's email, instant messaging, and more. So you can still interact with it and if they don't have an account, registration is. If you just go out into the wild you don't know what's out there. You can check it out and find out what the park has to offer. And that concludes my opinion on how useful computers are and in many different ways.
Dear local newspaper, @ DATE1 I will write to you if I think computers are a good idea or not. Yes I think computers are a great idea @ CAPS12. I think this is because @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 you use computers for school projects. Next @ CAPS2 is @ CAPS12 an easy way to make friends from other cities. Last @ CAPS2, you @ CAPS10 @ CAPS11 @ CAPS12 @ CAPS13. Yes, the electricity bill could be higher, but for a good cause. You @ CAPS10 don't just assume computers are bad for us, you might be surprised. @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, I'll tell you why we need computers to do projects. Well I @ CAPS5 from personal experience my social studies teacher always likes you to type your final draft. In addition, the use of a computer facilitates your projects because @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 corrects your mistakes and @ ORGANIZATION1 finds everything you need. I find it much easier to use a computer for projects and I @ CAPS5 all my friends think so too. If you are not yet convinced, keep reading because I @ CAPS5 you will eventually be ! Next @ CAPS2 I'm going to talk to you about making friends just with a computer. I @ CAPS5 that parents these days are really happy when you come home and make new friends. Just using a computer, you can easily go online, search for friends you want to better @ CAPS11 to @ CAPS5 with, and chat with them. (to make sure they're what you think!) The other day my friend @ PERSON1 came to me and told me to meet my friend @ CAPS6 who I met online ! I was really happy for her and realized that computers are useful. Everyone needs friends who are there for them, and computers are the perfect match for that! The latest @ CAPS2, I'll explain why and how you could @ CAPS11 @ CAPS12 @ CAPS13. Are you @ CAPS5 what @ ORGANIZATION1 is ? You @ CAPS10 are looking for @ CAPS7 on @ ORGANIZATION1 ! If you really wanted @ CAPS5 something and you were really curiosities, you could search @ ORGANIZATION1 ! This is a great way to educate @ CAPS11. Also, computers help you with @ CAPS12 @ CAPS13 because every time you are on @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 typing a random story, it will correct your mistakes and you will learn from those mistakes. So to summarize this paragraph, a computer is @ CAPS12 an easy way to @ CAPS11 @ CAPS12 easy @ CAPS13, and YOU have to keep the computers to see for yourself. In conclusion, I was asked to write you an article to see if I would like to keep the computers or not. Now you @ CAPS5 that I would love. In case you are unsure of my reasons, I will just rephrase them. @ CAPS1, you need a computer for the projects. Second, you @ CAPS10 are making friends. Finally, you @ CAPS11 @ CAPS12 @ CAPS13. All of these things are a huge plus in laer life. Don't forget yourself @ CAPS10 @ CAPS11 @ CAPS12 @ CAPS13! This is what everyone would love! I @ CAPS5, you will understand each other and agree. Thank you for listening to me.
Dear @ CAPS1, I believe that computers have a positive effect on people. They do this because you can talk to others online, it lets you search faster, and they're much more efficient and easier to use. I will explain my reasons in more detail. First of all, computers allow you to talk to others online. Talking to others online can give you good communication skills and you can get to know different people. I always talk to my friends online. We talk to each other using webcams, instant messages, or chatting on a social site like Facebook. Computers and webcams can allow you to talk to friends who have moved or to relatives. Second, computers allow you to do research faster. Studies have shown that @ PERCENT1 people prefer to use a computer to find information on any type of paper than enclyepdia or another book. Computers are much more efficient and easier to use than books. He can agree that computers are much more efficient and that I like to use them. If you are using a computer to do research, you may be able to do it sooner than you think. Finally, computers are more efficient and easier to use. If you give a person the option to choose from a computer or a set of encyclopedias, most people will choose the computer. Computers are so much easier to use than books. On the computer, you just type what you are looking for in the search bar, a boom in a tenth of a second, your results are there. Now if you are using a book or an enclyelpedia it may take several minutes to find what you are looking for and then they only give very little information unlike a computer which can give you millions of results for a topic . This proves that computers are more efficient than books. In conclusion, I believe that the computer has a positive effect on people. I do this because you can talk to people online, it lets you search faster, and computers are more efficient and easier to use. I hope you will agree with me and my thoughts on computers.
I think computers have a positive effect on people because they teach hand-eye coding, also empower people and finally they allow people to talk online. Firstly, they teach hand-eye coding and I think that's good because when people get a job they can probably be more focused and can probably work faster. So if people can do it when they get a job and their job involves working on a computer, it can be easier for them and their job can be more enjoyable. Secondly, they give people the opportunity to find out more because we have all these sites that have information and everything so that people can have more knowledge, so if they are more informed, they can probably get a very good job that pays a lot. And they can search for whatever they want. So if they do a lot of research and go to school, they can get the job that they always wanted because they know that knowledgeable people are better people. Finally, they can talk to people online when people can contact each other which is better because if they don't have a phone to reach someone they need, they have a computer they can. email or use a webcam where they can see the person. I think having a computer is good for all of these reasons, hand-eye coordination gives people the power to learn more and allows people to talk online with other people.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 a place where they are all on computers all day, every day. I don't think computers are of benefit to society because you spend less time exercising, less time enjoying nature, and spending less time with family and friends. Computers are not of benefit to society. For starters, computers are not a benefit to society because they give you less and less time to exercise. And wouldn't you want to exercise and lose weight. Other than sitting on your new computer and having your brain destroyed by it. @ PERSON1 said that @ PERCENT1 of people who get a new computer spend @ NUM1 more minutes than they usually spend on it. Then is that you could be outside to enjoy nature. The new @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 newspaper said it was concerned that too many people would have a good computer for no one to be outside enjoying what is left of nature. Because sooner or later there will be no more trees in the world and humans will be extinct for eternity. Finally, it is that you will not be spending time with your family or friends. Like when I had x-box live, I couldn't do without it. I was addicted to it. And when my family got our new computer, my older sister couldn't get rid of it. She would spend all day and all night there. Now, if parents take the computer away from children, they will have more time to exercise, more time to enjoy nature, and more time with family and friends. Computers are not good for society.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3, @ CAPS4, do you think computers have a bad effect on people ? I @ CAPS4. People are spending too much time on @ CAPS5. When they need to work on their @ CAPS5, they get distracted and start going @ CAPS4 their own thing. Other people sit at their @ CAPS5 and get angry or angry with @ CAPS6. When people don't know what @ CAPS4, they just go to their @ CAPS5. When you are working on the @ CAPS5 you are distracted. I'm in sight, people get distracted because they see that little internet button in the corner of their eye. then they just click on the internet symble. Then they are on the Internet to do their job. The internet isn't the only distraction on a @ CAPS5. Games are the distraction @ CAPS10, @ PERSON1, @ PERSON1, and hearts are all games that have come to @ CAPS5 People get mad or mad at their @ CAPS5 because @ CAPS6 is not enough @ CAPS6 deletes a they need, or @ CAPS6 just won't turn on because it's dead. They blame it all on the @ CAPS5 : @ CAPS6 @ CAPS6 not loading fast enough, the person might say, " @ CAPS7 why are you using you so slowly I need to get my paper for work !" " @ CAPS6 the @ CAPS5 removes the paper that person @ MONTH1 is going," @ CAPS9 is the paper I saved @ CAPS6 ! Are you playing a game on me ? " But if poor @ CAPS5 is dead and won't turn on, then person @ MONTH1 goes, "why are you turning on your stupid math" @ CAPS10, people are spending all their time on @ CAPS5. They are and do not find the same for @ CAPS4 as they are for @ CAPS5. Not the best idea I say, the folks at @ ORGANIZATION1 have sets of records on a @ CAPS5. At home, evern on their phone. the @ CAPS5 in the @ LOCATION1 is becoming a problem in my eyes spending too much time on the @ CAPS5 can lead to overweight because you go on the @ CAPS5 instead of going out and hanging out with your friends. in @ CAPS11 I think @ CAPS5 has a bad effect on people, they get distracted by them at work. They blame them for forgetting @ CAPS4. They use them a lot so that people can stop going to the gyms and gain weight. So @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5 is struggling on people ? yes they @ CAPS4.
Do you have a home computer that you use? Everyone goes to the computer for many different reasons with friends or for projects and @ CAPS5 like that. Computers can be good in many ways, but they can't be. Computers are designed to do anything @ CAPS5 to help us learn. Personally, I think computers are good. We can learn @ CAPS5 that take place from afar. An example is if we have a big project in @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 about @ LOCATION2, and we don't know that the computer may have different focus and see images. Computers can tell the story of the place, not us. I can tell sister how they had that must be taken using a computer. The answer to the world war question @ CAPS3. She got a @ PERCENT1 we @ MONTH1 can also see what's going on with the @ LOCATION1 and a different location. All you have to do for it is go over the calculation and search for it. "Okay class today, we'll go down to the computer to do some research." my teacher said. “What are we going” @ CAPS4. "@ CAPS5 which go on @ LOCATION 1. All these @ CAPS5 can allow us to search for projects of many others @ CAPS5. We can also use computers. Computers also have different @ CAPS5. An example to the program can us help out by letting us get information, play games, help with homework. I just realized you can do pretty much anything on a computer. @ CAPS2 shows that @ PERCENT2 has people in @ LOCATION1 go to the computer to get help with their. I remember my friend telling me that she always types her essays because it's for her teacher and because of typing. The program is us so useful. people always go to the computer and love @ CAPS5 which is a backup, back home. I usually do this to know when a good needs to be bought to buy what I want. Well you should really consider think about it, these people do can't even reason the folks at @ LOCATION1.
Computers can be of great use to people. They can help contact friends and family around the world. You might need it to type a document for school or work, and you can use the Internet. If a friend or family member has moved, computers are an easy way to contact them. Phones do not always give you this possibility to call from all over the world. Suppose your best friend left the country, you can send email or instant message to him through computers. What if you want to chat with someone next door, even if there is a blizzard and the snow is four feet away, computers are an easy way to contact them. When my friend went to @ LOCATION1 for the @ DATE1, I used instant messaging to talk to her. Imagine that you are at work or school and you have been asked to write a five page essay. Are you sure you want to write it all down? Imagine writing hundreds of these journals everyday. Typing is a simple solution that doesn't require as much work and takes less time. Typing also makes work much sharper and easier to read. Even a library doesn't have all the information you need. What if you had to write an article for your journal about a newly discovered animal? A library will not immediately buy new books on this subject. The Internet is an ideal medium for obtaining information as it occurs. What if a celebrity got hit by a bus or rocket in space just landed successfully? You can't expect to go across the country to watch and take notes. The Internet provides information on all that is possible. The Internet also allows students to attend schools or courses online. When my older brother couldn't take @ CAPS1 in high school when it was necessary for college, he took an @ CAPS1 online course at home. The internet also helps you find vacation spots when you leave home and if you need a plane, train, boat ticket? What if you need to rent a car but can't get to the store or the airport. You can go online to buy tickets. Have you ever heard someone say "@ CAPS3 on google" when they don't know the answer to something ? I remember my friend telling me about her new dog, I had never even heard of it. When I got home I went on the internet and did some research. The Internet is a very useful tool for everyone. Going to a computer allows you to talk to anyone, anywhere, type whatever you need, or use the Internet. The computer makes life a little easier and fun too, and would be a handy tool for writing a journal.
Did you know that the positive effects of computers on people have negative effects? I believe that the use of computers increases knowledge of distant places, security can be used for communication and can facilitate everyday tasks. Computers have become the tools of society. First, the use of the computer allows a Floridian to learn about connections; or a Canadian to learn more about the world around them. without issue. In a by @ ORGANIZATION1, it was shown that without the computer, @ PERCENT1 of all people would have been unaware of the one-child dilemma in @ LOCATION3. Also, since the crime rate at @ LOCATION1 @ LOCATION1 is @ PERCENT2 after comiling, an American might not visit @ LOCATION1 @ LOCATION1, @ CAPS1, they need to learn more for a business venture. What are they doing? They venture onto the computer and all they need to know about @ LOCATION1, from the security of their home. While people can learn about remote locations from the safety of their homes, the computer can also be used for communication purposes. The computer is a great tool for communicating with other people. In a fact at @ DATE1, @ PERCENT3 of computer users had some sort of social network or instant messaging program. Some examples of these are @ CAPS2 and @ CAPS3, respectively. being able to contact people has never been easier. Did you know that out of every @ NUM1 Americans spend an average of one hour online every day ? So much so that the average IQ has increased over the past @ NUM2 years ? When online, students can get help from classmates, teachers, and even experts ! computer users can get test feedback, support for something new, and even build self-confidence. Communication is a great use of computers, as is the simplicity of performing everyday tasks online. In today's society, the computer can make everyday tasks so much easier! When I was a child, my mother spent hours at the local grocery store, shopping. Everything changed when my mom found out @ LOCATION2. It's a safe and easy way to buy food online and then not only have it delivered, but @ PERCENT4 Americans with computers have paid their taxes online. Once a job becomes simple, with the click of a button, it's agonizing that the majority of our day doesn't need to be filled with flooring runs, but with what we want ! Whether it's for exercise or just enjoying nature. In short, computers are great assets for society. They have a multitude of purposes and functions. They can safely increase a person's knowledge of faraway places, be used for communication purposes. and simplify daily tasks. It's even hard to ruminate on how we handled it before this device came along.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 my name is @ CAPS3 and I don't know where to start this letter. I am writing this letter to let you know that I think not everyone should be using a computer. My number one reason why not everyone should use a computer is that they get so distracted by the computer that they forget about school. My second reason why not everyone should be using a computer is that they @ CAPS4 don't spend time with their parent. My third reason why people shouldn't use the computer often is because they get sick. My number one reason why the computer shouldn't be used often is because they forget about school. They forget it the same way they write, chat or play @ CAPS4 so distracted they forget about school. The reason for @ CAPS5 is that their grades are low. They don't do homework either. My second reason is that they are not parents. Are more could be there therefore the computer that they do not have. My third reason is because their computer gets @ CAPS4 which they don't have and not @ CAPS5 might not get any education to be in the computer. This is why it is bad to use a computer a lot, hope you understand.
@ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS1 there is a lot of talk and talk on computers. Some say they are useful to society and others are not. As for me, I am one of those on the IT side. I think they do less harm than good. First of all, the user's hand-eye coordination mainly improves over time, making it easier to learn musical instruments. It also gives great learning ability to people, especially students. If there were computers, for a student to write a report he would have to read an encyclopedia, which takes a lot longer than just searching the Internet. Finally, computers are great for communicating with distant friends and family. The first topic on my agenda is hand-eye coordination skills. These skills are the ability to work simultaneously with the hand and the eyes. These skills can have a number of impacts. The most noticeable are the musical instruments. If you are trying to learn a new song to play on the guitar, you need to move your fingers over the corresponding notes on the screen. Another place where hand-eye coordination is useful is in sports. Football is a sport where hand-eye coordination has a huge impact. If the ball is thrown, the wide receiver should look at the ball with his eyes and make sure he is putting his hands in the best position to catch the ball. I will also discuss the vost world of learning that is provided by computers. Let's just say someone asks you who the @ NUM1 president of @ ORGANIZATION2 was where would you go to find that answer ? I don't know about you but I will definitely search on google (internet search engine). In addition, @ CAPS1 schools can ask a lot more of their students because they have all this information at their disposal. Finally, I would like to cover the communication skills that the computer puts out there. First off, let's say you have a very close friend who is moving out of state "how are you going to keep in touch. You can try using phones, but long distance charges have skyrocketed over the years. last @ NUM2 years. Did you know that if you talk long distance for @ NUM3 minutes per day that would be over @ NUM4 per month. In today's ecconmy you need to save money and not talk all about it. Internet does not charge any extra fees for chatting, no matter how far away you are from each other. So I hope my letter can surprise "@ CAPS2'bama's failed bill on health care "to at least get it somewhere in the newspaper. People need to know the facts about computers before they try to argue about them."
Dear @ CAPS1, people @ CAPS2 have computers, and people @ CAPS2 use them. I brought to my attention that the government is concerned that people are using them too much. Well i think you can't use a computer too much. So they offer @ CAPS2 things like information, communication and life skills. It's not too bad. Information is something we as human beings live for. Also in schools and @ CAPS2 jobs, you need to know a variety of unusual facts. Where can you learn them ? IT of course! When @ PERSON1 (my teacher) gives us a Walt Disney research paper, we use computers to find our information. Without the computer, I wouldn't know that Walt Disney died before Disney World opened. This clearly shows one of the things @ CAPS2 that we need computers for. Communication is another aspect of our life. With a computer, you can have @ MONEY1 ways to communicate. Yes, some of these ways can be dangerous, but @ CAPS2 is safe. When I was in class @ NUM1, my teacher ms.casserelle set up an email for the whole class. This allowed us to send an email to another school. This online communication farm was perfectly secure. As long as the person who uses these forms of communication is semi-responsible, nothing can go wrong. Where can you go wrong with that? Did you know that @ PERCENT1 of your life skills can and are learned on computers ? In fact, your job involves a computer ! One life skill that you can learn is how to type. As I said earlier, research papers need computers, well, it's not just for information. You must also enter them. Most of the jobs in our world need the computer for something or other. Can you think of a job that doesn't require it at all? I did not mean it. Information, communication and life skills are all important to our human nature. I think computers are important to humans. Whether you recognize it or not, everything we do involves a computer to some extent. Can you spend countless hours @ CAPS2 on a computer ? Yes, but it has to be. you must.
Computers have a huge impact on society, but do they improve everything? People spend too much time on the computer. Computers don't help your brain, they can make you fat and for a lot of people they cause drama. People should stop spending so much time on computers. Computers don't help your brain in every way possible. Think about it, of course you work on computers a lot, but what about your kids, they spend most of their time online and doing unnecessary things. Instead, they could go out or even study. The internet is open to the world so everyone is going and if your kid is on the computer they are exposed to a lot of nasty things that will not help them in the future. It's a proven fact that the less time you spend watching TV or on the computer, the better grades you get. I remember my mom always yelled at me because I was on the computer and had bad grades, so she took the computer for a while and now I have much better grades. So being on the computer doesn't make you smarter. The computer can make you put on some weight. If you are on the computer a lot, you sit and a lot of people eat while they are on the computer. So now you are sitting around the computer eating. It can make you gain weight. I know from experience that being active and going out or exercising really makes you feel good. Once you put on all that weight it is very difficult to get rid of it. Sitting like a sofa is not healthy. You can become obese. So you can say that you are happy with your weight, but no one ever said it was healthy. Many people have died from being too beak. It puts a tremendous amount of height on your life. If you don't want to die from being too heavy, my advice is to quit the computer and go outside and live your life. The last thing that makes computers so bad is the drama they cause. Mose pople have facebook, goal or @ CAPS1, but if you ask someone with any of these, they will most likely say that they fought through one of these. Also now they have something new called formspring which can let you be freak and people go over yours and just say horrible things. A friend of mine fell victim to this and it ruins you. Moreover, there are so many people on Facebook lying about who they are and anyone can easily find out who you are and kill you now, nowadays people know how to hack people's computers and get information. . So, not only can computers be unhealthy, but they can also be deadly. Why would you want any of these things to happen when your computer is so easy to get back to. Remember, computers don't help your brain, they can make you fat, and they cause a lot of drama. So please don't use the computer.
@ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS1 people use @ CAPS2 computers for many types of things. Computers are very beneficial to society. Even though people @ MONTH1 use their computers too much, the tasks they perform help our world run smoothly. In addition, computers allow us to stay in touch with friends and family that we no longer see, and they teach us valuable information very quickly. Without computers, society would not function as well as it does today. One way that computers benefit our society is that they perform tasks like writing an article, finding information, etc., much faster. For example, if you, @ ORGANIZATION1, needed to quickly print an article in the newspaper about the devastating earthquake at @ LOCATION1, computers would be of great help to you as they would allow you to type the article much faster than have to write it by hand. Computers are very beneficial to society because they allow us to get things done very quickly and efficiently. Another reason that computers are of great benefit to society is that they allow us to maintain relationships with people from a distance and allow us to always keep in touch with old friends and family. Turning from about @ DATE1, computers have helped me a lot and I stay halfway across the country. In a recent @ PERCENT1 college graduate survey, a computer stays in town with friends but lets you really see how good our society is for computers because they are in the world. the reason the company is because they are turning people up really fast. Search engines like @ ORGANIZATION3, @ ORGANIZATION4, @ CAPS3 and many more allow us to search for anything we want to know with just one click. This ability to know anything very quickly has a great effect on people, without this knowledge people become more intellectual and intelligent and with this intelligence they do great things. According to @ PERSON1, a computer scientist at @ ORGANIZATION2, the knowledge people get from computer search engines enables them to do things @ CAPS2 better and do more in their lives. "Computers benefit society and have a great effect on people when they balance our with other important things such as exercise and socialization. They teach us new information quickly, perform tasks quickly and efficiently, and keep us in touch with people in the world. whole world. Without computers things would take longer to do and society would get worse. We need computers to do things @ CAPS2 and perform the tasks of life. "
I think spending a lot of time on the computer is not a good idea because @ CAPS1 has some bad things online. @ CAPS1 makes people stupid and @ CAPS1 makes you lazy. These are the @ NUM1 reasons why you shouldn't be sitting on the computer all day. One of the reasons is that the computer has bad things online like kidnappings. I've seen a lot of kidnapping videos and movies when an older man or woman starts preying on young children and they get to a place and the young teenager or youngster doesn't. never comes back. Another reason is that the computer makes you stupid, for example when I used to be on the computer all day I would go out to eat something and sometimes I would go to the bathroom to look some food and then I notice it's not the kochen @ CAPS1 feels like I just woke up when I went downstairs. My last reason is that the computer makes you lazy. The computer makes you lazy because you sit on the computer all the time with no sunlight or exercise @ CAPS1 will make you want to stay here and it's not good for your mind and body. These are my three reasons why you shouldn't stay on the computer the longer you'll want to stay. So don't stay on the computer because there are bad things in there, @ CAPS1 will make you lazy. Please don't stay on the computer for long.
Dear local newspaper, I believe that using a computer can benefit people and have a negative effect on people. The benefits can be learning new things and meeting new people, the negative effects can be weight gain and lack of social skills to talk with friends over the phone, etc. First of all, gaining knowledge is really essential. I think this is because when your computer crashes or crashes, you will probably know what to do to fix it. I don't think you would want to pay any money to get anti-software that probably doesn't work. Another reason why I think using the computer is a good thing because if you want to become a computer engineer then all that time you spent on the computer could really benefit you later in life. . Second, I think computers could help you meet new people from foreign countries and other states. You don't have to meet them in person, you can just have a friendly chat online. The third and final reason computers can sometimes be bad for you is weight gain. Most probably spend so much time on the computer that there isn't enough physical activity. All they do is sit down, eat an unhealthy snack, and play games and videos. It's really bad for your health. I conclude that using a computer in moderation is much better than using a lot. It might help you gain knowledge, meet new people, or make you gain weight and lack social skills.
Dear Editor, @ CAPS1, you think people who spend a lot of time on the computer are good, they are not. People should exercise more. In addition, they do not get enough fresh air. Ultimately, they don't spend enough time with family and friends. Now we need to figure out if people should be spending a lot of time on computers. People who spend a lot of time on the computer might go out to exercise every day. Some parents have made their children addicted to playing on the computer all day instead of going out to exercise. They could ride bikes, scooters, play basketball, wiffle ball. They can also go swimming, play sports and go to a playground. Finally, they could take a long walk on the beach. People need to get some fresh air instead of being in front of the computer all day. They can go and sit on the beach for a while, go out to watch their kids play or watch their games like baseball or basketball, or they can go out just to be outside. They can go and sit on their porch to wait for their children to get off the school bus. People who like to play on the computer don't spend enough time with family or friends. They could visit their families more often, go out to lunch with their friends. They may also spend more time doing things with their children. Even if there is a cat on the computer, it is nice to talk to your friends in person. Now is the time to decide whether people who spend a lot of time on the computer are a bad thing or not. They don't get enough exercise every day. They also don't get enough fresh air. Finally, they spend time with their friends and family. So now you have to write a letter to your local newspaper telling them what you choose.
In my opinion, computers have a negative effect on people. I think it has a negative effect because people exercise less, you spend less time with family and friends, and it distracts you from things to do. First of all, computers have a negative effect on people because they make them exercise. For example, there are many soccer, football and baseball games playing them, they will just be computer on the webcam all night long. Another way is that you can work. Without even leaving your home. You can shop online, stay home and work online, and even go to college, these things include going out, but now you can just do these things and be lazy. Second, the computer forces you to interact with people less. Now when family or friends. I went on my I sat right and she didn't even watch me play computer games. I know a lot more kids too because I read in a magazine that @ PERCENT1 interact with their kids as much as they have a computer. Finally, I think the computer has a negative effect because it them. It distracts children's conversations first of all when people are talking with someone on the computer, it is very difficult because they are absorbent in what they are doing. Second, the computer distracts children from homework. I know this firsthand because wherever I have typing homework I get and end up going to different websites, not doing my job. and finally, it distracts children from household chores. Some kids just put them aside and forget to do them because they are friends playing games or surfing the web. I know if I did, I would be in big trouble. These are the reasons why I think the computer has a negative effect on people. Because it makes them exercise less, they don't interact with people as much and it distracts them. So unless you want all of these things to happen to you, I suggest you spend less on the computer!
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 have complained about IT in our company. They say they keep the kids inside doing nothing, but really they help us so much! The Internet is where you can resuscitate anything and tons of useful ideas are popping up. @ CAPS3, @ CAPS5 helps us with hand-eye coordination. Finally, computers allow us to stay in touch with distant people. Like last year, my friend went to Poland and we were able to chat thanks to our computers! So finally join me and help the world know computers are good ! First of all, I would like to say that the computer is a good source of information. How would you @ CAPS5 if you always had to read grene scrolls when you could watch them online ? In order not to run out, you need to know something very quickly, like now your rod is before a big meeting. Then all you have to do is just type in whatever you wanna know, then bam ! Just like that, you know, and off you go for your meeting. Second, using a computer mouse and keys can interfere with your hand-eye coordination. As my parents always say when I type on esay, @ NUM1 wpm is a good minute. @ CAPS3, on @ NUM2, children achieve better hand-eye coordination after mastering the computer. Often the kids have a dozen of coordination, but I have a feeling that if the kids change, things will change. Most importantly, computers and faraway like I menchin 'before staying in touch with my polish buddy @ CAPS3, a lot of people don't have a cell phone so they have a @ CAPS4, gmail, facebook, my space or a twitter . All of this allows us to stay in touch and stay in the lives of our friends. This is very important because if we are sociable we will go out with friends and do things which is very important to them. In conclusion, @ CAPS5 is good for the company to have computers in its life. @ CAPS5 will help us in the future, we will get good marks on the project due to our sources. We will be healthy with eye-hand, mouse and keyboard coordination. Finally, we will have a lot of friends. they are all very important. So keep the computers!
Dear readers, I have just spoken to you today about the effects of computer use. I think there are positive effects and negative effects with using the computer. You can talk to people and work, but if you overdo it, you will start to have poor health and miss other things in life. Throughout the computer there are many ways to communicate with others which is an amazing thing. Whether it's through a game, typing or chatting, talking to people is very important and it makes things a lot easier than going out and talking to people face to face. For example penpals, over the years people have written letters to penpals, but know that you can send it by mail and e-mail at no cost, just type your letter, click a button and it 'is made. Another good thing about computers is that you can work on them. From work for a company to school work, it doesn't matter. You put up with people using computers for work all the time. Why do you think there are computer labs in school or offices with computers in offices. Computers have become advanced and the easiest thing to use. Presentations, essays, graphics, anything. One concern I have with computers is that people are getting addicted to computers. Many young people abuse computers, resulting in poor health. When people sit in front of a computer screen all day and only get up to eat something, people become so because they are obese. To slow down, healthy people need to be outdoors and exercise. We need to make rules to keep people out in the open to give the generation a healthy life. So I have mixed feelings about computers. They can be amazing for a while, but only for a while. And if you can't see this open your eyes
To the editor of @ ORGANIZATION2, I am writing to express my opinion on whether computers benefit or harm society. I believe that computers are a great tool for several reasons. First, computers are a learning resource and a way for people to keep up to date with the world around them. Plus, computers make it easier for us to stay connected with our friends and family. Obviously, computers are more useful to people than they are harmful. Life as we know it today would be greatly changed were it not for the advancements in computer technology that have been made in recent decades. Today, if I need to know anything, whether it's for @ ORGANIZATION1 or for my own reason, I can almost instantly research it and get answers from many different sources. It helps people to be more educated and updated with the world around them. Dr @ PERSON2 from @ ORGANIZATION1 recently conducted a study of adolescents with high levels of @ ORGANIZATION1 and concluded that "@ CAPS1 with access to computers performed better on standard tests because of the background information they have acquired online ". Along with the Internet, there are programs such as @ ORGANIZATION4 and @ ORGANIZATION3, which help people learn a new language or write on the computer. In addition, computers keep us abreast of events happening in the world. For example, when the earthquake devastated @ LOCATION1, I first saw it on the news, but got very few details. I researched it online and immediately got the death toll, the help being given, and the ways I could help donate. Without computers, I wouldn't have known any of this. Another reason that computers are so useful to society is that they are tools that help us stay in touch with others. With things like Facebook and @ CAPS2, I can chat with people, invite friends, and even throw parties. Without computers I would need to call each person individually, but with computers I can write a message and send it to everyone at the same time. It gives me more time to do things like playing outside and exercising. Plus, things like @ CAPS3 and Face Book help people stay in touch with old and distant friends. Studies carried out by @ ORGANIZATION5 show that @ PERCENT1 of people with a certain type of social network account have a more active social life than those who do not according to doctor @ PERSON1, this means that these people will have more easier to adapt to different social situations than those who do not. Clearly, this is a big advantage. In conclusion, the computer helps society more than it hinders it. It easily makes it easy for people to stay educated, up to date and connected. It helps people to stay aware of the world around them and to be informed about everything. It makes things that would otherwise take a long time very quickly, giving people the chance to do other things like play outside. It allows people to stay socially capable and active, and allows people to connect with others. Without a doubt, computers are a very good thing.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1 affect people and their lives. Because a lot of people like children spend time there after school games, myspace, facebook and their email address. Instead of going to computers. I think kids and adults should go out and have a good time. It's okay to go to the computer every now and then, but if you spend every day on a computer, it's pretty bad. Adults shouldn't let children spend all day on a computer, and adults shouldn't eat because it helps you in your life. Computers could spoil your life with the choices you make and the pictures you put up and the things you write there, like if you have a myspace or a facebook and put bad pictures in your future when you want a good job, they could just look back at that and say look at this, I don't want this person to work for me. and there you will spoil your future. instead of going on the computer all the time, you could go out to play sports to keep your body healthy and get out into the world and learn new things or even plan trips to keep with your family walking and stuff like the instead of continuing the computer and you run the risk of losing your job or ruining your future. You shouldn't let the computer ruin your life because if you do your life wants to be the same that kids might ruin their lives because of things they wrote or pictures they put in place. that other kids might see and be mean to them and talk about it For the rest of the school year or things might lead to a fight over a little word you said or a picture you put up because you thought it was cute. Sex offenders are on computers and some people don't even do it until they are taken away or killed. Parents don't always refuse when there's a sex offender around or online talking to you or your kids trying to go meet them. They might also post fake photos to try to get you to talk or to make you meet them somewhere so they can take you. so you shouldn't let computers get to you.
Dear @ CAPS1 : you recently asked a question in your journal. The @ CAPS2 yourk @ CAPS3, asking if readers are for or against the technology. I support computers because they give an opportunity to learn more about different people all over the world and their culture, they save a lot of time in today's hectic society and you can talk to people online. online through some computer programs. With a computer, you can learn a lot of information about foreign countries and their culture. I read an article in @ CAPS4 @ CAPS3 about a man attending a religious program in which a foreign citizen would come to @ LOCATION2 for a while to make friends and learn more about @ LOCATION1. This man, @ PERSON1, was assigned one of @ CAPS6's farms that had never been out of the fields. @ PERSON1 thought that @ CAPS13 would be nice to welcome him into his home in a familiar setting. Unfortunately, he didn't know anything about @ CAPS6. he had a computer he quickly retired to so he could find out all about his house. When the woman walked through her door, @ CAPS8 was comfortable feeling like @ CAPS8 was home again. @ CAPS8 ended up staying with @ PERSON1 and got married. If he hadn't charmed her with his computer skills. @ CAPS8 may not have stayed and had a wonderful life with him. Additionally, @ PERSON2 from @ ORGANIZATION2 reports that students of languages such as Spanish and French have a higher pass rate @ PERCENT1 if they have a computer to learn more about the countries. He says the average grade for kids with a computer is an A. but the average grade for kids @ CAPS15 with a computer is @ CAPS9 +. Therefore, having a computer to learn about faraway places and people can ensure happiness and success in the future. The computer also saves a lot of time. In the school newspaper, @ PERSON6 spoke about her homework problem. "@ CAPS10 at night I had the @ CAPS11 homework. I had the voice @ CAPS8 is an abundance of things to deal with. I had to look up the word @ CAPS10 in the huge dictionary, I was failing @ CAPS11 because I just didn't have time for my homework ! Then my family bought me a computer, @ CAPS13 was so nice to use the online dictionary. I was able to finish my homework in @ NUM1 minutes against @ NUM2 hours ! I was finally doing well in @ CAPS11. " @ CAPS15 his computer, @ PERSON6 should have and @ CAPS11 @ NUM2. @ CAPS8 would not have stopped making @ CAPS15 fail his computer which saves him time. Additionally, @ PERSON3 indicates that @ PERCENT2 people get to work faster when looking at traffic reports on the computer instead of listening to the radio. He says that @ PERCENT3 people get one because their boss is so impressed with their constant timing. As you can see, time is a precious thing that computers can help save. Finally, the computer makes it possible to speak online. A student had the misfortune of breaking a vertebra. The doctor told him that he could not attend school for a. The student, @ PERSON5, came up with a plan to talk to his teachers through his laptop and webcam. Every day the teachers gave @ PERSON5 an update on his computer. When he finally got back to school, @ PERSON5 had almost no work to catch up on because his teacher had interacted with him incorrectly through the computer. @ CAPS15 his computer, @ PERSON5 would have a month of work and learning to make up for what would have been overwhelming. Additionally, @ PERSON4 from @ ORGANIZATION1 says that students who communicate with their families during college have better relationships after college. Obviously, being able to talk to some people on the computer is a useful thing to have. In conclusion, having a family computer is a very good thing. Not only does @ CAPS13 allow people to learn more about places other than their home, @ CAPS13 also gives us more time and allows us to talk to others without ever leaving the comfort of home. I recommend anyone who wants an easier life to invest in a computer.
Dear newspapers, I think computers have a positive effect on people because you can chat online. There are electronic devices for children that they can plug into their computers and learn different things. And you can pay your bills on the computer. People who don't have a phone or want to leave home at the time and have a computer can go to chat rooms or a local website can chat with their friends and family. Also, many people who have websites like Facebook, Myspace, etc. can find new people and have so much in common. And some people find that person @ CAPS1 they were looking for. I think they just released a new electronics for little kids like Leaf Frog that they can plug into a computer / laptop and they can learn the alphabet there, count numbers and even spelling, that is a good product for little kids so they cam use extra work, @ DATE1 or after school so they can stay smart and learn in and out of school. One day i had my mom what she was doing and the light bill so i was like how can you and she said and a bt website i forgot what it was called and you could pay your bills there. So instead of going inside you go to a local show when you pay your bills and can like or if you have a computer you can do it at home without. So folks who publish the newspaper I think and hope you think it's a good answer that tells you good things about a computer. And I hope it will last a long time.
People ask me, " @ CAPS1, do you think we should spend more or less time on computers " ? I'm saying we should be spending less time on the computer because kids are spending too much time on online games. Second, kids and adults alike spend a lot of time on myspace, facebook, msm and even lens. My third reason is that children should be outside playing and exercising. These are my three reasons why we should spend less time on computers. My number one reason why we should all spend less time on the computer is that kids play so many games online, such as @ CAPS2 from warcraft, @ CAPS3, soilder front, ect. A problem with children playing these games becomes addicted to them and will play for hours. Children should be outdoors for bigger muscles and strong bones. Children continue to play these games and ruin their lives. This is my number one reason why we should spend less time on the computer. My second reason why we should spend less time on computers is that kids and adults spend a lot of time on the following : myspace, facebook, twitter, goal, msm, ect. These online pages entice people to connect with their friends. Also, with these online pages they are causing too much stuff and could lead to fights or rumors. About @ PERCENT1 of children and adults visit these pages online every day, it's time to spend more time on their computer outdoors or hanging out with their friends. My last reason, but not the least, is that children should be playing outside instead of on the computer. Children should go out with their friend and play sports or games, something that does not involve the computer. This is my third reason why kids shouldn't spend more time on computers. Like I said before, people should spend less time on the computer. Children spend too much time on online games. Both adults and children spend too much time on online pages. And the last children should be playing outside. It's about time we put a timer on our computer and spend more time outdoors.
Dear @ LOCATION1 @ CAPS1, I think computers have bad effects on people in this world. Yes, they have their pros and cons, but computers are dangerous. Some people who use computers use them for the wrong reasons. Some people search for porn sites and hack servers. I believe that computers are meant to be used for positive things and not negative ones. Another reason I am against computers is that people online are dangerous. A lot of people think they are talking to a person, but it really isn't that person. It could be anyone. Nowadays, people just give information to random people. This is how kidnappings and murders happen in our world. @ CAPS3- @ CAPS2 is also a major problem with computers. (@ CAPS3- @ CAPS2) - means @ CAPS2 someone on the computer. This has the effect of hurting someone for an unsolved crime. People also spend far too much time using computers. Instead of going out and enjoying nature, they waste time on computers. It is also the cause of a lot of obesity. People get obese because they don't go out and exercise. This world uses computers for the wrong reasons. This must change.
Dear @ CAPS1, you use a computer a lot, don't you ? Fine if you @ CAPS7 because @ CAPS7 you think experts are wondering why @ CAPS5 uses them a lot ? Well I think people need it because this is how @ CAPS5 knows what's going on in the world, this is how @ CAPS5 knows how the weather is to avoid accidents, and you can turn on your @ CAPS2.V., But you have to wait for what you want to continue. So you decide that @ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS5 should be more outside ? Don '@ CAPS2, do you also need to know what's going on? Of course you @ CAPS7, everyone does. I think it's important for @ CAPS5 to know @ CAPS4 that a meteor is about to hit the world, right ? President @ PERSON2 even says that the computer is where @ PERCENT2 in the world gets information. On what's going on. Are you just going to sit there and not listen to the president of @ LOCATION1? Don't think so @ CAPS2. I'm @ PERCENT1 sure @ ORGANIZATION1 doesn't want @ CAPS2 to be known as the accidental state. Well that's why @ CAPS5 needs the computer ! To let people know if I am going to snow, ice or if there is bad traffic @ CAPS5 should go online to find out @ CAPS4 and where and at what time. @ CAPS3 CEO, @ PERSON1, says "@ CAPS4 someone says '@ CAPS5 might have snow or rain' while they usually go straight to the internet" You can turn on your @ CAPS2.V. to find out what's going on, but you won't need to know everything. We will therefore have to wait. The internet just does it on the spot. No waiting involved! (unless you have a bad internet connection) @ CAPS7 do you think these reasons are a good argument ? I @ CAPS7. @ CAPS7, are you using your computer to find out what's going on, what the weather is like and instead of @ LOCATION2 ? If so, I think you would agree with me.
I think the use of the computer is good. Which is why I think you have family from afar. Instead of speaking, hear the voice on the phone. They can talk to each other but above all see each other. Show what new you have. When you have a loved one, you can see them when there is a way to travel. Computers are useful when your car breaks down or when you don't have a car. You can buy stuff in-store from the comfort of your home. Almost anything you can get in store because they have an online store to send you. In addition, now you can buy food on the Internet and much more. The computer to save money tells you where to get good prices to save money. Lots of dating sites to meet different people to hang out and give your feedback. Sending SMS on Facebook can save you money by sending SMS for free. Play free online games with your friends. You can build a website and watch movies and shows online. There are just a lot of things you can do on a computer. I know a lot of people don't go outside to exercise, but I agree with some experts. Lots of people need to lose weight or get outside more in the real world. This technology, people are great, they do not go out anymore. They eat a lot of food. But the computer is very useful in many ways and it's so much fun. This is the reason why I think the computer is great and should be used more.
Computers are a good advantage for people. First, the computer is a useful machine in many ways, as I personally go to the computer and check my homework with it. The computer is also good because whenever you don't know something, you can just go on the internet and search for it. Computers will not affect health if we do not use them for a long time, computers could help students to do projects. Using word, exell and other microsoftware. So I think computers are a great machine for people. Second, using the computer could also socialize with people, many students like me use Facebook, so even if we are not side by side, we can still talk. Computers could also be used to make new friends, "but these are people you don't know and we're not supposed to give out our information." said @ PERSON1 our health teacher. Computers might be useful for friends who live far away, if your friend is moving to another state, you can use the computer to chat with them, there are many ways to socialize with computers. Finally, exercise is important for everyone, but using computers doesn't mean we can't go out and exercise anymore, maybe computers are addictive, but if you keep a track the time and maybe use the computer for half an hour at a time, you can still get the exercise you need. Exercising is an easy thing to do, kids love to exercise so it shouldn't be a problem, as my dad always comes to my house and asks if I want to play soccer while I was talking with someone on computers but still went outside and play there so the computer is a great machine that is not very addicting so parents don't have to worry about exercising children. I think computers have a big effect on people, like going online to do research or talking to friends. Adults need them to work. This proves that the computer is an excellent machine.
Computers have helped people tramendisly over the past few years. Thanks to computers, scientists have found courses for deseses, jobs have become easier, and communication with friends and family has become affordable. I believe computers have a positive effect on people because they let people know about places in the world, help people with their jobs, and give people the ability to talk on the phone without having to pay anything. . Is anyone traveling to a country where they could go on the computer to learn more about that country and its culture. Another thing they could do is go to a website that could help them find affordable flights or a hotel to stay. If a child is reporting on a country in @ LOCATION1, they can go to the computer to find out facts about that country. Computers tell people about places all over the world. You can go to a website that has videos and short clips of what happened and find out about what is happening. every expense. If you want to see a friend on her birthday but don't have the money to travel halfway around the world to see her, you can video chat with her. Computers help people save money by talking on computers with friends, family, and even coworkers. Computers have been of great use since they were invented. They help people discover places all over the world and whatever else you want to learn. They also make jobs and work easier, and also help people save a lot of money by talking to people on computers rather than on the phone. Computers have improved dramatically over the years, screens were so small and you had to press all those buttons just to start it up and now computers can be as big as a flat panel @ CAPS1 and you can turn them on with just at the push of a button. Who knows what computers will look like in NUM1 years ?
Dear @ CAPS1, I have thought about how computers affect our lives. Oh this very topic, I agree with the experts who say people spend too much time on their computers and less time doing other things. I believe everyone, including myself, spends a lot of time online. Even if it was research, don't you think it would be better to stick your head in a book to get the information? The same applies to computer games, like virtual kickball outdoors? The main reasons I'm trying to get is that computers are holding us back, they're not physically able to help us, and getting away from the computer, or even getting out would be better. I had mentioned how computers hold us back, the more time we spend; the more daylight we burn to do something else. I say this because instead of going outside. We want to look at a screen and play games or chat with friends. Online chatting especially has an effect on most people as they traded a fun day for a day where we just chat online and back on the internet. I also believe that if we had a time limit on computers it would be more of an incentive to be social and to go out and do things. Unfortunately, the computers are away, and all we end up waiting for is doing nothing. Another reason is that computers cannot help us physically and make us active. I can do this because I'm a cheerleader and constantly on YouTube learning how to stretch and do new things. Even though I learn and spend time watching how it's done, I get hurt and I can't do it. This is why I try to turn more to a gymnastics teacher who can help me physically and interact with my performance. Finally, I believe that less time we spend would help us and be so much better. I know after an hour or more online. I feel lazy and I don't want to do anything. However, if I go out, I feel energized and active. Being away from the computer feels and is better. In short, computers are great, but most of them aren't. It really holds us back and is worse for our health. Oh, and one last thing, too much time makes you less active. However, thanks for reading.
Are you saying computers are bad for today's society? @ CAPS1 I am here to prove you wrong and tell you that they can really benefit today's society. Maybe some kids don't have phones, so they can log into Facebook and do all that a phone has to offer and more. School. School. The school; so many homework and projects are assigned, and using computer programs helps a lot and gives that professional touch. And how could you forget " google " the most famous online system that everyone loves, you can do just about anything with this page. So computers are bad for society, think carefully and listen carefully. Blc computers have benefited us more than ever. www.facebook.com this is one of the most visited pages on the internet for all ages, it sure benefits you. By logging in and seeing the latest updates from your friends profile on photos, videos and life, you get every little detail using Facebook. And me, you don't have a phone, no. weares, facebook has a chat system, so you and your friends and relatives can talk, or maybe their an upcoming family party, you can get all the info, and visit the parents homepage and see how they go. @ CAPS3 you are not yet logged in to facebook, you will certainly do so now ! " This project will be done on a computer ", how many times do you hear a teacher say that, almost every time you are given an assignment ! The @ CAPS1 windows and @ ORGANIZATION1 programs will be really useful to you in your need for academic assistance. Let's say you've been assigned a project to create a commercial product in computer class, you can jump right into Windows Movie Maker and get all the help you need, and you'll have the option to create your project right on the program so it looks and sounds professional. One program that you can still use throughout your life for a presentation is " power ." @ CAPS1 when I got my homework I went straight to PowerPoint and got a great grade ! finally the famous word, @ ORGANIZATION1! used for all kinds of projects or homework and especially writing articles or short stories, having a spell check, you got a good grade ! Google! Everyone knows it and everyone loves it. This web hit can be used for just about anything. From finding pictures and information about school projects, watching videos of songs, friends, or TV shows you like or won't watch. to visit websites. Some say the @ CAPS2 stops people from exercising, but Google may show you special exercise videos or websites about healthy eating or exercise group or fitness club then you see now that the Internet benefits us enormously ! " Have you changed your mind ? Did you listen carefully ? » @ CAPS3 to make your life much easier, using facebook, for social ability, @ ORGANIZATION1 and Windows programs for school, and google for life and health, you just benefited from my writing and the use of modern technology, the computer!
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, Have you ever wanted to see the whole world with just one click. It's as easy as going out and buying a computer. Computers are becoming more and more popular. Some people think people overuse computers. I am here to say that it is a terrible accusation. First of all, computers help you with schoolwork. Let's say you have an essay and it needs to contain @ NUM1 words or more, you can just cant use the word, then you have the exact word count. You might also need to research information on a certain topic. You can just type in the word and search, then you have millions of choices to choose from. If you had an assignment that you didn't understand, you could search the Internet for how to do it. But this is only the beginning. Another reason computers are so great is that you can meet and interact with people from all over the world and learn about their culture. You can walk into a free chat room and meet someone from @ LOCATION1. You would also be learning more about their culture. It can also be a way to learn another language. If the person was fluent in @ CAPS1 and @ CAPS2, they could teach you that. You may be able to see how an @ CAPS2 fireplace works. You could then make comparisons between the way the two of you live your life. Finally, you can understand the world around you. There are many websites where you can get live satellite feed from places all over the world. You can also research the planet itself. You can learn more about the care of the earth and what goes on inside. You could also learn more about nature. You could learn more about plants and animals. You can also take a look in space. You can learn more about the planets, if there is life on the planets or water or whatever, these are things you can research. So, to sum it up, you can do the schoolwork. You can interact with people all over the world. You can also learn about the world around you and that covers less than a fraction of everything you can do on computers, but don't stay on all day. Make sure you go out and have a great time too!
Dear @ CAPS1, I have the same questions for you and I was hoping you could answer them. I was wandering. Do you have computers in your house, if so how many? Also, do you like to use the computer? I'm trying to figure out how many people don't use computers because. I want to ask them how do they survive without one !? Computers are essential to our lives today. Everything in the world is on one computer. You can talk, email, and even see people through a computer, because nowadays everyone has a video camera plugged into their computer. I want to tell you all the great things that computers don't make our lives so much easier. People are always looking for a way to get in touch with someone like your phone is dead, how are you going to tell your friend what time you are going to meet at this location ? You can easily text him from the computer. You can either use your nickname to text someone or just go to verizon, at & t, sprine ... etc.com and text people from there. It would prevent you from standing your friend up and feeling guilty about it. Was there ever a time when you needed a number, but couldn't find your phone book? It sure happened to me, but you know what I'm doing? I go to the computer and go to yellow pages.com and look for the restaurant / place on the website. It's that simple. You can search for almost anything on the computer, prices, locations, facts, anything! Most of the time, the real facts will still be there. Computers are a great help to you if you need help with historical, scientific, and @ CAPS2 facts. Computers help us on a daily basis. People need them for communication, phone numbers or facts about anything. Most of someone's life can be saved on the computer. If you have bad handwriting, you can just type your paper and put it in order. Like I said before computers are essential to our current life @ CAPS3 reading this I bet you will agree.
Dear Local Newspaper, @ CAPS1's opinion about computers is that they benefit people. they help people when they need it, they entertain people. That's why computers benefit people. @ CAPS1 The first reason is that a computer can help people when they need help, like for example if you have to write an article and you need to research something like research, you can use the computer or s 'there is a long main cwayshion then you can search for the formula. So as you can see that is why computer benefits people @ CAPS1 Second answer is that it provides people entertainment, like myspace, you twitter. And these are social networks, if you like to watch TV. or listen to music, there are also websites for them. This is why I said that computers give you entertainment too. The third response from @ CAPS1 is that it helps people like you are in different countries and you cannot go and see them via instans or a webcam. Or if you're homeschooled and can't see other kids your age who can talk to the computer. So as you can see that is why I am saying you can via the computer. So as you can see that is why I am saying that computers are very beneficial because they entertain you, allow you to communicate and help people.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 editor, people are saying that technology affects everyone left and right. Computers actively help us in our daily life. It helps us make plans for school, allows us to understand the culture of the whole world and gives us the opportunity to talk and connect with friends and family everywhere. Our school makes us do tons of projects and computers are our main course. If you want to go somewhere far, chances are you will research it and then plan to go. It can also be used to talk with friends on Facebook, Twitter and @ CAPS3. Computers help us learn and communicate. To begin with, in eighth grade, we are ready to go to high school. Fortunately, this means that we carry out projects, reports and research on the computer. The computer allows us to find information for a project, or to construct a diagram or a table of data for a survey. Many people use this method for jobs. People report on celebrities and famous people in history. Books cannot always give the information you are looking for, so they will search for that person's name and they will find our hundreds of websites that give information and photographs of that person. Plus, computers allow you to book flights, buy tax rates. Sometimes people don't always drive to a local car, so they go online to a website that sells, and they can look at all of the car's specs, price, and mileage. The only way to get tickets is to go on the Internet. They have websites that allow you to book all types of flights you want. It could be to Florida, or it could be a flight to @ LOCATION1. If you also know how the economy is doing, you can look at tax rates and find out how much debt our country is. You can even find out how much the average family pays - each year. Computers can be very ingenious at @ CAPS2. It gives the ability to do more than you can imagine. Most importantly, computers have created a way for you to talk to your friends and family all over the world. Facebook and Twitter are the novelties of the century. Facebook and Twitter allow you to talk to your friends, post photos, and talk about your personal life. They now have a new thing where you can play lifestyle games. @ CAPS3 isn't as popular anymore and doesn't have so many cool things. It only allows you to talk to friends and that's why no one uses it anymore. People want to be able to do more than just talk. It comes to my attention that computers have over time. Computers these days allow you to talk with friends, do research and projects, and allow you to book flights and buy cars. Our school's curriculum has many projects and reports. They can only be done using a computer. You can search for people and places and / or get photos. You can also book flights for long-haul trips and buy cars and other items on the Internet. We even have the option to talk with friends on Facebook and Twitter. Computers have a positive influence on people.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4, Do you always tell your kids to do their homework and leave the computer ? Well, maybe I could help you. Computers do not benefit our society today. People spend too much time on it; don't enjoy the outdoors and take time to spend with friends and family. I think having a daily limit on your computer might help resolve these issues. Computers can be very distracting and you can use them too often. Standing in front of the computer screen can damage your eyes and kill brain cells. This is something both kids and adults don't notice. You need your brain cells for school. Joining and other activities, computers can also keep you from completing work, and then you have to stay up late to complete homework before the computer. Time flies as you click and type. The next thing you know is it's ten o'clock and your job isn't done. Since my schedule is so busy after school. I try to finish my work, then I go to the computer before dancing. This way I am my friends and I relax. Taking time away from the computer is a good idea. Since it is @ DATE1 the weather is going to be great and you don't want to waste a nice day on the computer, the human body @ CAPS5 needs oxygen. Obviously, computers don't provide that. A great way to get oxygen is to go outside for exercise and energy. Playing outdoors can be more than a computer. You can swim, jump or play sports. My doctor once told me, “Everyone should get at least an hour of exercise a day.” You can't accomplish this by sitting at your computer. The next time the sun is out, whatever the season, go outside and take a break from the electronics. Spending time with family and friends is a fun way to stay away from the computer. Friends and family are not people to take advantage of. These are the people who are there for you when you are down and make you laugh. When your loved ones come to town that you haven't seen in a while, you don't want to spend it on the computer. Talking and getting together is a great way to reconnect. During family vacations, we don't bring our computers. We close them to spend time together. Friends and family are special gifts. So, don't throw away friendships or relationships with your family. Step away from the computer and bond. (not finished)
Dear Diary, @ CAPS1 brought to my attention that some people are concerned about overuse of computers. Well, I don't agree with that statement. I think the computer teaches you hand-eye coordination. The computer also allows you to go further abroad. Finally, computers help you communicate with others. As stated recently, I think computers are useful because they help with your hand-eye coordination. For example, when you write homework for school or a document for work, you are using coordination. You haven't even noticed that once you've stopped typing, you tend to go faster. This machine is a nice invention please don't remove @ CAPS1 !. The computer is also used for everyday life and is very useful for learning new things about distant places and people. Another thing you don't realize when using a computer is that you are doing it from someone in your house but from remote places. How would you get this information without spending a ton on plane tickets or gas ? The computer is the fastest way to find information! Finally, the computer is an important resource because you can chat with your friends. A researcher from @ CAPS2 has shown that computers You can chat with @ CAPS3, I think computers affect everyone ! They teach hand-eye coordination, they teach you about distant places. The computer allows you to chat online with your friends! I @ CAPS4, you see the computer like me.
Dear Diary, @ CAPS1 you know the majority of people now own computers. Computers have greatly advanced society and technology. Some people say that computers have negative effects, but that is not true. Computers have influenced people in several beneficial ways. Although some experts want people to use computers less, this technology is needed in schools. Children are bent over to type their papers, which allows them to finish faster. This faster finish can cause children not to stay up too late. Then do your homework. It's better for their health. Computers also develop hand-eye coordination which is an essential skill for later in life. In my opinion, computers have made a huge contribution to technology. They let explore a place where man has already / could never go. We can manufacture and distribute items much faster. In addition, computers also allow people to experience faraway places, different cultures, and different people. Computers can broaden people's horizons and introduce them to places and things they never knew existed. With are the largest number of members. Facebook is a website that people use to communicate. More than @ PERCENT1 of most middle school students have one. They communicate there more than they could without computers. Computers don't make people "antisocial" or interact with their friends less, they actually talk more. Computers allow people to communicate with people everywhere on a daily basis without having to worry about running out of cell phone minutes. Overall, computers allow people to broaden their horizons and discover new things. They are more of a benefit than a burden. Computers are the second best thing since sliced bread.
Dear Diary, I thought I should express my concern. @ CAPS4 is becoming too dependent on computers. @ CAPS4 must come out more and be active. While some people @ MONTH1 think we are not wasting our time on the computer. I @ CAPS3. I should only continue if necessary. People always come up with @ CAPS2 game ideas to attract people, but what people don't realize is that it doesn't waste time wasting our money too. Electricity bills are lagging behind. Plus, instead of going out to meet @ CAPS1, people stay home and chat on social media sites, making them less social. Children do not participate in sports, which causes them to lose any physical strength they could obtain. Also, kids might get over the wait by just sitting down without physical activities, @ CAPS2 ideas like Microsoft Word are fine, but play out everyday for games. Teachers, parents and all have to show them that the computer is not the only thing, computers can be of use to us very well, by allowing us to have the knowledge of something at our fingertips. Computers can and will take away family and friends' time. Now I'm not saying this computer, but what I'm saying is that it affects everyone around you, @ CAPS3 just the person who uses it. What @ CAPS4 needs for @ CAPS3 is to come together and unite. @ CAPS4 needs to get out more and exercise. @ CAPS4 must shut down the computer with adults. Therefore, let's make this place a better place. and go out and have some time to switch to the computer.
I think we should have computers. Because it helps us find people and it helps us talk to people and it also helps you srech things. I can have a brother that I've never known before, then you can find that brother. Then I can talk to my friend online if I go to myspace or @ CAPS1 because you can in @ MONTH1 have a friend on myspace, and in srech that you can find new things and you can search that like weather in another country or I can find out how cold it is in taxes and you can watch to see how old he can be. Or how old he can get old.
Dear fellow citizens, @ CAPS1 think if you should get yourself a book for every question you have. It would even take a long time to get the book let alone read it. Computers have helped the modern world with questions, remote friends, and entertainment. Computers have helped us with more than these things, the @ CAPS2 is such a universal thing that it's hard to find all the useful things it does. On the one hand, @ CAPS2 helps us stay in touch with our friends who are far away without talking to them on the phone. Sites like @ CAPS3 and @ CAPS4 allow us to communicate and / or play with them. @ CAPS1 thinks the only way to speak with a friend from a different place would be to pick up the phone and call them, your friendship would be gone very quickly. This would happen because no one usually has time to pick up the phone and talk to the person and do nothing else. Well when you talk to them on @ CAPS2 you can do something else. For example, if I wanted, I could talk to someone and @ CAPS2 and clean my room. In addition, more and more computers allow us to play games or watch funny videos or other entertainment. To do when my brother lets me use the room again. I was but them I @ CAPS1 got better Also playing movies, @ CAPS5 shows videos. If you ever miss a show, check out the show's house and watch it. It might save someone time and effort. Finally, much better performing computers still look at things. It's much faster than browsing the library and you don't have to leave your I, although people say @ CAPS2 takes a long time to read, it really isn't. For whatever you want you can read online or if you really want it you can have the @ CAPS2 not for you. Reading is not a problem at all. @ NUM1 of America thinks computers are a big help and the way they have more time to do things is upgrading every day and just keeps getting better. In conclusion, I think computers help us and that is not a bad thing. Computers are great for us and for busy people. Now go get a @ CAPS2 at.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 are several reasons computers have an effect on people. My position is to convince the local newspaper why some people @ CAPS2't and @ CAPS3 use computers. People who get caught up in @ CAPS4, or people who don't have enough money to explore the world, then they're just on @ CAPS4. Indeed, @ CAPS2 people do not waste their time on @ CAPS4 because you will be caught. For example, my friend @ PERSON1 stays on the computer for more than @ NUM1 hours. He tells me he's on an @ CAPS5 line, that he's connecting with other people. He takes care of everyone. He's so on the @ CAPS4. He stops going to school, he wins. Now he is no longer anybody. He just sits down in front of his computer and does nothing. I feel like he just wasted his life just for some stupid @ CAPS5 line. @ CAPS8 is not difficult to find another in our city. @ CAPS8 has a lot of beautiful young women to explore. Likewise, @ CAPS2 people don't waste their time on @ CAPS4 because you start wasting time. For example, you spend less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. People stop focusing on the important thing and start paying attention to other things like, he was a great person. She has been so successful. She makes tons of money. Until she started to lose her job. She stopped because she was so stored on facebook. Facebook is like a place for a friend @ CAPS6, you can meet other people from different @ CAPS7, you can just find people to date on this website. Facebook changed his life. I remember she told my mom how much her life was ruined now. How she got fired, how she doesn't pay her bill and how she moved into one. Sometimes websites lose focus on the important things in life. Therefore, some @ CAPS3 people are using the computer because the @ CAPS4 helps you with some things. In summary, @ CAPS8 helps you find a hotel or a trip to go with your friends or family. I love being on the @ CAPS4. I once registered on this website which was called myspace. So far, I have been caught up by @ CAPS8. Continue the line.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1's opinion of the effects computers have on people is that more and more people are obese. People tend to get cranky. and it looks like computers are addictive. I think computers have a huge effect on people. The most important thing is that every year more and more people become obese because they don't get out of the chair they sit in for most of the day. Plus, they get so lazy that they don't want to get up, so they'll just order food and have it delivered right to their house. The next idea is that they don't exercise enough because they don't sit there all day and move around. But when they move, it's to eat something or go get their phone. That is why they should limit children and adults to only @ NUM1 hours or less of computer time each day. @ CAPS1 The next reason is that people who use computers tend to get. For a second they are happy and once they leave the computer they are sad. They are all locked inside for the whole day. They don't see enough because people can't see them. If they schedule each day, the bad mood would change. People need a lot of exercise to maintain their weight and muscle. @ CAPS1 last receson computers have an effect on people is that people will tend to act addicted to the computer. Like if they play a game all day and don't realize it, they will get addicted and won't stop playing all day. People have to leave the computer and do other things like ride a bike or play sports. In conclusion what I am trying to tell you is that it is not good for people to stay indoors all day and play on the computer because it is dangerous for your health and it is puts you at high risk for obesity. So, can you please listen to @ CAPS1's ideas.
Dear Diary, I have read about the computer debate. People say computers teach important skills. Others say that " people are spending too much time on their computers and less time exercising ." @ CAPS1 i think people should be able to use computers (i mean they had to help us anyway) @ CAPS2 think how computers have helped run @ CAPS3, talking to friends / family in other countries also by looking at what time the plane leaves for @ LOCATION1. It is said that over a million people and more use the computer more than once a day. Without the computer, there is no global web that is connected to everything in this world. Without computers you wouldn't be able to control a robot or what would give more jobs, but the cost of food will go a long way without computers equipment wouldn't work in hospitals computers can save lives they store important information we would have to go back to the dark ages with typewriters again. Another big problem is that people overuse the computer. Once you learn how to use your computer moderately, this will no longer be a problem. Some people say that computers are too expensive. There are ways to put what are called "down payments" on computers, something like one but you pay monthly and internet setup is as easy as @ NUM1. So, yes, we talk about good and bad things about computers, but without them we wouldn't have a modern era. Then control the robot that makes you the robot that saves life, so with all that I would be lying to say thank you or listen and go to computers !
Dear, @ CAPS1 I am writing this article on computers to let you know my opinion on the positive and negative effects of computers. The reason computers are so efficient is because of some of the great information they have. Such as directions to a place until you go or home information on a subject or person. While this all sounds good, anyone can post information on the internet, so not all of the information is correct. Some reasons that the computer is budding are due to signs which are not sure and which can give your personal impression on one and come back to budding you in the future. Additionally, websites or pop-up icons are not appropriate for young children and do not expose them to mature for them. Finally, talking on the computer is a part of our daily life, like e-mail from almost every American computer here. An email is a great place to rest or. Also the new web witch giving you the ability to see people and into computers that is growing rapidly in the @ LOCATION1 @ CAPS2 everything in this article is my take on computers.
Dear local newspaper, I think the computer is not a bad thing because three reasons only one reason is that we can learn a distant place bought. Another reason is that they teach hand-eye coordination. The last reason is that we can talk to friends and meet new people. From the computer we can learn a distant location purchased if we were reporting on it or just out of curiosity. We can learn what kind of plantation grows there for food, for example tropical places grow bananas and coconuts. We can learn what they eat like at @ LOCATION1 they eat a lot of beans, a lot of food have beans even salads. We can find their language also maybe they speak spanish like in @ LOCATION2. You can also teach hand-eye coordination as it involves using your fingers and eyes to see what you are typing. You use your hands on everything when typing, typing, or using the mouse. But it's not only for learning things, it's also for friends because of all these sites like myspace, facebook, aim, webchat. The possibilities are endless, you can even play games. If you don't know someone from the face, book, or myspace, this is a great way to meet new people and new friends. And another thing if you are having trouble finding a friend, you can just see if they are online. It's good for getting together somewhere or something. And for those who think it takes away family time, you can always tell them okay, that's enough and talk to them. So that's it, they're good because you can learn locations, hand-eye coordination, and talk to new and old friends. so they are good
I believe the home computer can help with everyday things like research and development, homework, art work, an always-updated travel dictionary, a super @ NUM1 hour store filled with endless items, video games and a very sophisticated colculator. New programs come out all the time, but idiocy is always seen as a really bad thing to do. A part of you will start to have no friends or girlfriends and you will probably start to ignore your family and grow stout. sindram tunnle to type and focreamea to look at a brite screen everyday and watch it closely. You will probably have a backache from sitting all day in a chair or sitting or leaning back in a hunting lounge and it's @ MONTH1 to be comfortable but it's bad for you in the end , computers help a lot and they are fun. But it's addicting to have fun. But don't get addicted because @ MONS1 computers are fun but the portions are healthy and that's the right thing to do.
Dear Readers, @ CAPS1 of the most important inventions of the last decades is the computer, and it has its pros and cons. I think people spend too much time on computers, especially teenagers. They spend too much time on @ CAPS2 and @ CAPS3, and not enough time outdoors enjoying nature, playing sports or exercising. While they @ MONTH1 are talking with friends with @ CAPS4, it is not the same as going to the park with friends and playing a game of baseball. Families are also far from each other when they sit on @ CAPS5. Teens spend too much time on the @ CAPS6 going where they should instead of doing more beneficial activities like reading. I'm sure we all know @ CAPS1 at least one obese person or teenager. My neighbor is the size of a killer whale and eats about as much as @ CAPS1. He will sit on the computer chair and watch with his glassy eyes on the computer chair and watch with his glassy eyes on the computer screen for hours. Sometimes I wonder how many brain cells he's wasting per second. I bet anyone reading this knows someone like my neighbor. @ LOCATION2's @ PERCENT1 statistic is obese is not at all exaggerated. In my opinion, this is the fault of @ CAPS6 and the computers. Instead of going to the gym or the soccer field with friends, they went to the computer and talked and ate junk food. They spend their time watching unnecessary @ CAPS5 videos when they should be playing baseball or football. Skeptics say you learn hand-eye coordination with computers, but you can learn best with sports. Computers are a big factor in obesity because they encourage @ CAPS1 to sit down instead of doing @ NUM1 minutes of exercise per day. The next pressing issue is the average teenager's reading amount and @ CAPS9. I would say the average gets about @ NUM2 minutes of reading per day because they are too busy chatting with friends on the @ CAPS6. I have a cousin who reads a book every @ NUM3 years and fails every test he takes and has stayed @ NUM4 times, but instead of reading and learning he chats and texts. It wastes these excellent educational opportunities when it is people in underdeveloped countries like @ LOCATION3 who are lucky enough to own a book. I know more than @ PERCENT2 of the kids in my class don't read anything except the required reading and that's because they are sitting on the computers wasting @ CAPS10 is around @ NUM5 and that number is going down due to lack reading and time spent on computers. I have seen a survey where @ NUM6 on @ NUM7 spend more than @ NUM6 hours per day on computers. These stats and quotes got me thinking, how much time do we really have to spend on computers instead of reading or else we'll become an oversized monkey that can't even rad. Computers and @ CAPS6 do more than just wipe out brain cells and are healthy, they take away any experiences we might have outside in nature. Nature conceals natural wonders like the @ ORGANIZATION1, the @ CAPS11 @ CAPS12 and the @ CAPS13 @ CAPS14. What could be better than hitting a steep hill or climbing the @ LOCATION1, certainly not the computers. Unfortunately, this is what most @ CAPS15 choose to do. They sit and type on the keyboard instead of hiking nature trails and walking on beaches. They sit on old, moldy chairs and stare at computer screens, unlike people who enjoy butterfly gardens and wildlife sanctuaries. Instead of taking action to improve the environment, we sit at the computers sleeping and being mesmerized by the light on the screen. We should be preserving and learning what is left on the planet, but we are not because of these calculations and @ CAPS6. I've made a strong argument against computers whether you listen to @ MONTH1 or not. I strongly urge you to take action to start reducing your computer time. Install programs in your home or town to shut down computers. We have to do something now!
Dear Editor, @ TIME1 week, I noticed an article in the newspaper titled "@ CAPS1 off the computer and go for a workout." It caught me off guard because there are many benefits of computers such as improving education, you can learn about foreign countries and you can talk to other people. Each school has a computer. Their easy access and very useful. I know @ TIME1 year, if someone asked a question and the teacher wasn't sure, we would go right to the computer. It also helps us to do better on projects. I know I had to do a @ TIME1 project, and without the computer I wouldn't have it today. We also use computers for the programs they have. In art, we made a cartoon and made it real with photoshop. It is also quick and easy to use a computer for research. You can also learn remote places in advance with a computer. For example, you can find out about other countries in the world. You could find out if it was landlocked, not landlocked, how many people live there, and facts similar to those. You can also learn about the history of the country, like its rulers and government. Finally, you can also learn up-to-date information with websites such as @ CAPS2.com. Finally, you can talk with other people using email, instant messaging, and websites like Facebook, which allows you to connect with friends. With email, you talk to someone for business to receive links to @ CAPS1 to websites and to @ CAPS1 information. Instant messaging is like texting your phone, except it's much faster. You can instantly talk to people and catch up with them. Thousands of people are on facebook. You can connect with old friends and talk to your current friends. I know my mom has been using Facebook and talking to old friends since she moved. So in my opinion, I think computers are a good thing to have. Not only do they improve your education, but they also teach us about the history of foreign countries and allow us to connect with old friends. When you were in school, do you remember your " best friend for life ?" » @ CAPS3, with facebook you can catch up with them, instead of being just a memory.
Dear @ CAPS1 from @ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS2 you know that eight out of ten households in @ LOCATION1 have at least one computer if not more? Computers help us with everyday tasks and make many tasks, such as writing an essay, much easier. They benefit our society in many ways. Without computers, some families would lose contact with loved ones who are far away, not to mention that it can keep a lot of things very organized and tidy easily. Perhaps the best advantage is discovering faraway countries and cultures with just one click. Computers have endless possibilities to benefit our society. Many people don't realize that some families can't be together as easily as others. If a family member is on the ward, sometimes talking on the computer is the only chance they have to communicate with those close to them at home. To say that it is not a benefit is a lie. For others who don't have such an urgent need to communicate, it's still a convenient way to have a conversation with someone far away without racking up the phone bill for a long distance call. Often times, this can also be an alternative for parents who buy expensive cell phones for their children. So having a computer is definitely an advantage for communication. The computer can also make many tasks much easier, for example if you received an @ NUM1 pages essay in school, typing it on the computer would be much cleaner and faster than writing everything down. Many businesses also use computers to keep data organized and all in place. Like the Excel program, @ ORGANIZATION2 created this to create an easy way to organize data. It's much more efficient than having everything on a different site with millions of texts in each print. So another advantage of the computer is that it can keep things organized and find easy ways to accomplish daily tasks. Perhaps the biggest advantage of the computer is how much you can learn so easily. Let's say I was curious about the recent earthquake at @ LOCATION2, if I wanted more info @ CAPS3, head straight to the computer. You just go to @ ORGANIZATION3 or another search engine of your choice, type in the subject, one click, and bang you can read for hours every website and article that pops up. The computer is full of information and is within easy reach, which is certainly a huge advantage for our society. The computer is a wonderful tool that can help in many ways, whether it is about organizing communication or just curiosity. This technological advance is just another way to improve everyday life. Computers don't just benefit our small town @ LOCATION1, they benefit our entire society in all of the amazing things they do.
Computers are good and bad because computers are good because it is a way to communicate with other people in different states. Another reason computers are good is because they can keep you out of trouble and keep you entertained. Computers are bad because they can become a computer. Freak out and get higher when it comes to computers. Computers are good because they can do a lot of things that other objects cannot.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1, you can see that about @ PERCENT1 of our population is using too much computer. They should get outside and spend time with family and friends. On the other hand, the computer can come with a lot of use. For several people. The family live quite far away, @ CAPS1 well @ CAPS1 some friends and disconnecting is a possibility. You can also learn more about distant places, like @ LOCATION1. The computer is often used for testing projects, which is important. You can learn a bit with a computer. The computer can be used in several ways. One way is to stay in touch. Of course, you can just go to the park and hang out there, but not everyone lives that close. For people who have relatives or even good friends who live quite a distance away, a computer is what you @ CAPS2. It's a great way to keep in touch. You can stay up to date everyday anytime. For example, my cousin recently left the country to go to university, she will stay there for a few months. So she has her own blog on the computer to keep everyone up to date and stay in touch. The telephone is not always an option. To learn more about faraway places is great. Online, you can learn about the history of specific places. You can see the cities and much more. You can even see photos. Maybe one day you will even be able to see these specific places in person. How cool would that be? School is a big thing these days. The students have project after project, trial after trial and it's a lot of work. @ CAPS1 as you get older it becomes more work and with a computer you will have less weight on your shoulders. With trials, you can type them in and correct your mistakes without looking sloppy. Projects are easy to fix, so messing everything up isn't a big deal. On the other hand, more Americans than ever are overweight. The computer has a lot to do with it. Most people come home and sit at the computer for the rest of the evening. They don't realize the huge effect a computer can have on a person. More people should exercise. Spend time with the family. Computers can be anything negative or positive. It may be more useful than you may imagine. But, yet, it can have a huge negative effect on people. It can help keep in touch with people to learn more about far away places, or even schoolwork. Be it beneficial, use it when you @ CAPS2.
Dear Diary, Computers benefit society because they teach people. They are also useful because they solve problems that humans might have trouble with. They can also entertain us when we have nothing to do. They can teach people a lot of things. They can help tourists find out about a place they want to go. In fact, @ NUM1 on every @ NUM2 tourist looks for the area in which a computer is located. They help students catch up or fully understand something. Once I had problems with fractions in math. So I decided to look for a way to find the answer and it caught up with me again with the class. The computer can explain cultures from anywhere in the world. According to culture digest.com @ PERCENT1 of people visiting a new country. Learn about the culture first. Computers solve problems that some people might ignore now. He can easily solve a math problem with a built-in calculator. @ NUM3 on @ NUM4 Computer users used a calculator to help them solve a problem. They also solve geographic problems. There is @ MONTH1 a date map, but this is easily solved with live satellite maps. The mapping tools indicate that there has never been a fault in their system. Computers have a wide range of entertainment. They can play music. @ PERCENT2 teenagers get music from computer on CD. Computers can entertain you with games. One day it was raining hard and I had nothing to do, so I went to my computer and played Minesweeper. It amused me a lot. Please take this letter into consideration. Thanks for the time.
More and more people are using computers, but not everyone agrees that it benefits society. Well for me it benefits society in many ways like online learning. You can learn a lot online, you can practice math, reading and even writing. You can also have fun online if you are bored at home and have nothing to do. Besides, you can interact with friends and family members, email, etc. When you are online, there is a lot you can learn. If you are at home and need to study for a test, you can go online and study. You can also learn more, because you can learn to solve a math problem if you don't know it, or just catch up on reading. Sometimes people need a computer because they can get bored, so they can go online and play games and have fun. People especially kids get bored sometimes so they can just go to the computer and play games and trivia so they can still learn. Computers can allow you to interact with your family and friends. You can send email or webcam. if you haven't talked to someone for a long time, you can just go to the computer and talk to them. If you want to find a @ CAPS1 classmate that you haven't spoken to in years, now you can. Computers benefit society. In my opinion, we need computers. If parents don't want their child to go to websites they don't approve of, parents can always block those websites. Computers are really essential, they can help a lot.
Being a teenager myself, my computer is something I don't think I can live without. But is it holding me back from more important things? I think so. I think not having computers will somehow educate people more than they do today. For example, with school research papers, we immediately go to computers to find information when we could use books and magazines. With the use of computers, many people do not properly know how to use and find information in books. Additionally, being near and using computers so much distances families and prevents humans from being more interactive with nature and the environment. For many people, using a computer is a lifestyle, it's something we tend to use more than religiously, and @ MONTH1 isn't the best thing. Children, teens and even adults become extremely addicted to computers. Teens and children use laptops and @ CAPS1 daily for homework and for talking with friends. In addition to parents / adults, they use it to do their work and use it as an easy way to communicate with their colleagues. By now, people have become very addicted to computers. I know for sure that in my family, my mother, not my father, not my brother, not I could go a day without using a computer. As I mentioned before, computers also separate families more. There is less family time and communication between family members these days, because of computers. Instead of spending time with family, teens prefer to spend time on the computer chatting with their friends. I bet if there was a survey on family time spent in households because of computers, I almost guarantee it would be quite a large sum. I know the only real family time some families go without a computer is dinner and that's not much. Finally, many humans are not as connected to nature and as involved as they once were. Computer use keeps people indoors and does not expose them to nature. While there are many ads and pop-ups on the computer that tell us how to take care of the earth properly, we so easily ignore them and just stick to playing on the computer than to go outside and do something to help make the world a better and brighter place. . Not only is it just about taking care of our earth, but it's also the fact that few people these days go out and get the fresh air they need as much as they really should. This is probably not all due to the use of computers, but I bet a lot of it is. Like I said before it's very hard to imagine a day without a computer, I mean how would we communicate or do our job ? But there are really other ways of doing them that we are not very used to because of the fact that we are so attached to them. I've never really noticed until now that it's possible to live without a computer, and that so many people miss out on amazing things like family and nature because we're so addicted to computers.
Dear Local Newspaper, In my opinion, I believe that computers have helped our society a lot over the past decade. This is because when you use the computer, you get better hand-eye coordination. You also learn to type and do other things with a computer that you won't need to do if you want to get a decent job that pays well. Also now on the computer you can go to Facebook and other websites where you can make friends and chat with other people. So, not only does it help your social skills and hand-eye coordination, but you are also more likely to get a good job if you cannot type and use a computer. First of all, having a computer teaches you how to have better hand-eye coordination. This is because when you get a computer, better hand-eye coordination will teach you to type better and faster. Second, having a computer will teach you better social skills. This is because now a lot of people are going on Facebook and you can make friends and chat with your new ones. Also, when it is a cold and rainy day, you can keep busy playing different games and also you can check the news and forecast for the weather tomorrow. Finally, when you learn to type, you have a good chance of getting a good job because you are not keen on typing and working on a computer. This is because when you are looking for a high paying job, you will probably need to know how to type and use a computer. @ CAPS1 in @ CAPS1, in my opinion I think computers have helped our society over the years, but other people @ MONTH1 think differently. So now let's see what you think.
Click, click, click on a computer mouse while searching the Internet. Computers are a great way to teach kids to be social, make people smarter, and help you with homework. I think computers have a very positive effect on people. Computers can reach kids to be social because firstly computers are like an online phone, you can talk to people in so many ways, facebook caht, aim (chat), myspace, twitter, skype, and many others have not mentioned. I also think that a teenager or a child or even an adult who is too nervous to talk to people on the phone or in person, and who is not socially theirs or who is painfully shy, can start by simply chatting with people. people online. Once they feel more comfortable, they can then start talking to the person on the phone or in person. For example, I once @ MONTH1 this girl who was very sweet but painfully shy and everyone for that, so one day she decided to make a goal and tell people about it, and prove she's not a boring girl wherd everyone else makes her. She turned out to be one of the funniest people I have hung out with in a while. How the Internet can help. Have you ever felt like computers sometimes make you smarter? Well, in my opinion, I think computers help a lot more than a book. If you want information, just type a few keystrokes and the click of a button. Having a computer is like your own personal manual to everything in the world. Nowadays, a lot of people study on the Internet, I know that. Statistics show that @ PERCENT1 more people say that computers are more useful than books and can make you a lot smarter because the internet has so much more detail than books and more effects. @ PERCENT2 of children who have a computer use it for homework. The computer is a great tool to use while doing your homework. I spend most of the day on my computer doing my homework rather than away from it. For example, let's say you have a report and need facts about @ CAPS1 @ PERSON1 and where it was born. You just have to type "when was @ ORGANIZATION1 boen". and not ! It's there with the exact date. Also, if you have text like your draft, then why spend time trying to write really neat and perfect ? When you can just open a Word document and type it. To sum up, computers definitely have a positive effect on people for these three reasons, computers are a great way to teach kids to be social, to make people smarter, and to help you with homework, but I understand. where do you come from. spend way too much time on their computer and less time exercising, but you can search the internet for great ways to exercise and watch videos of people who have @ CAPS2.V shows on exercise and do it with them on the computer. Remember, computers are just a waste of your brain cells' time and resources. they have a very positive effect on you.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3, I am here to convince you to agree with me that the use of computers benefits society. Some reasons I think it's schoolwork and business. Also the comprehensive research on important things. My first reason why I think computer use benefits society is that @ CAPS6 is often used for school work. In the example, use @ CAPS6 for projects. They might also be interested in certain types of research. But one of the biggest reasons that computer usage is so high is that so many people are taking courses online. Whether for college or for your own learning. This is why I think that schoolwork should be a valid reason for the good of the society. My second reason why I think @ CAPS6 benefits our company is the business or professional part of the computer. Lots of people, @ CAPS7 per day, work from home, they have their own desks. Most of them all start their own businesses. Another reason is that many people also use "@ CAPS4 @ CAPS5" or an editor. @ PERCENT1 of people who work in public companies do it, with advertisements, when it could also or for some other reason. But then again, you could @ CAPS7 pay your bills online! I remember when I helped my mom pay one of the bills online, and let me tell you, "@ CAPS6 was easy !" My mom said she was doing @ CAPS6 more @ CAPS7 than she knew how to use @ CAPS6! "@ CAPS7 the business side should be more than enough, for me to convince you. My last reason is primarily the research on all the important things. Some of those important things are : online catalogs, news and one of the most important things of all job postings. I know myself and love to shop ! So instead of leaving home I am just going to the online catalog for my favorite store called “@ CAPS8". The main reasons I go online are because they have more variety and sizes. @ CAPS7 for news, that's it for my parents b / ci don't watch the news. Finally, job postings @ CAPS7 I'm @ NUM1, I would like to find a job even if its minimum wage. @ CAPS6 is still something, no ? that should be a reason to agree to high price ! D years @ CAPS9, I think my @ NUM2 reasons are very clear, schoolwork, business and especially research. If these reasons don't convince you, I don't know what will !?
Dear Diary, @ CAPS1 a family. Just a normal family whose life has been changed because of computers. They are overweight, constantly suffering from fatigue, alone, deprived of nature and lazy. However, they could have turned out differently if they simply shut down their computers. They could be healthy. fit, energetic, radiant and hardworking people if they had stopped spending hours on the computer daily. While there are positive computers, it can be dramatic. They isolate you from your friends and family, they deprive you of the nature around you and most importantly, they @ MONTH1 make you become overweight or even obese. Friends and family are two very important things in everyone's life, even if you don't realize it. By using computers rather than interacting with them, you are the connections that you have. @ MONTH1 computers force you to isolate yourself. They might get you to talk to your. Unfortunately, friendships can be. “Spending long hours on my computer had made me become. Made me feel lonely, @ PERSON1, @ NUM1, said @ CAPS2, using computers you are doing yourself a favor. The computer can deprive you of the nature around you. You would most likely be on your computer rather than going outside. Instead of spending countless hours on the computer, you could play some sport or activity. By playing sports, you increase your hand-eye co-ordination, much more than if you had to be on a computer. Wouldn't you like to have fun with your friends playing vollyball, basketball, swimming or even going out rather than sit at your computer ? I know I would ! Obesity rates in this country will increase if people continue to use computers. You will increase by about @ PERCENT1 for lack of exercise. Computers can ruin lives by increasing your chances of becoming unhealthy overweight. Al Now think, would you like to be lonely, overweight, and deprived of nature? I know I definitely would. t . why computers should be used less frequently ! So how is the weather; unite and raise awareness of the negative effects of IT!
Dear local newspaper, I am here today to explain why I am against the use of computers. My @ NUM1 reason I am against using computers is negativity like eg too many pop-ups come on the website and then they mini little ads like "@ CAPS1 on me" "free trial". And it is not good for children to see when they are using the computer. My second reason I'm against using computers is to find out who's online when you're up there. @ NUM2 people on @ NUM3 use the computer every day and @ NUM3 people on @ NUM5 chat with young girls and boys. And they age what they say then. What I'm trying to say is that these people are called "@ CAPS2". These people scour the Internet day and night for little boys and girls. Like I said earlier, this is not a good use of the computer. The purpose of going on the computer is to search for information or to play games not other things. My last reason for being against the computer is surveillance, a lot of parents don't watch their kids when they're on the computer so most kids watch a lot of inappropriate sites or things they shouldn't be watching . And that be their fight as they should have parental lock out there. In conclusion what I'm trying to say is that computers can sometimes be dangerous because you don't always know what you are clicking and you can @ CAPS1 on the wrong thing and end up on a site that you are clicking on. don't want to be. So just have my opinions and maybe you can understand what I'm trying to say. Thank you.
Statistics show that every year more and more people are not exercising and are on the computer talking to their friend on Facebook or my space or something like that. Will people go out more or will they sit and bang? Here is the @ CAPS1 more and more people are using computers, but not everyone agrees that it benefits society. Those who support technology advasas believe that computers have a positive effect on people's lives. Well I @ CAPS2 think it doesn't have a positive effect on people. My reasons are that people who use more computers don't exercise and get fatter, and if you put your name and address on the computer, it's a @ CAPS3 slot that you will be kidnapped or murdered. , my last answer is that you don't spend as much time with the family as you should. Obesity in @ LOCATION1 has increased by at least @ PERCENT1 because people are not exercising and spending too much time on the @ CAPS4 computer. nothinka says: "They are too mean People who don't get the exercise they need." The @ ORGANIZATION1 says "The folks at @ CAPS5 love the Internet, but what people don't know are bad people at @ CAPS5 who would love to get their hands on your information." @ CAPS6 as you can see I @ CAPS2 think it would be a good idea if you wrote a tech article. Because @ ORGANIZATION1 obesity in America and @ CAPS8 safty it's now or never that you are writing this article, it will probably cost you hundreds of dollars @ ORGANIZATION1 dollers @ CAPS6 take out @ ORGANIZATION1 your @ CAPS9 grab your pencil and write. @ CAPS5 people think computers are fun, yes, but you don't understand what you are doing. You should be @ NUM1 lb one day, then @ NUM2 lb the next day. @ CAPS6 Remember it wouldn't hurt if you wrote an article about this.
@ CAPS1, @ CAPS1 boom, boom ! These are the freaking noises on my computer. @ CAPS2! Yes, we won ". These are noises you don't want to hear all day. Being always on your computer is bad for your health. @ CAPS5 you are a computer freak you will get overweight this is bad for your eyes, and you can't enjoy the beautiful nature. ”@ CAPS3 you wanna be so heavy you can't even get out of bed? I do not think so. @ CAPS5 you are still sitting at the computer desk, so you could be like that. @ PERCENT1 of doctors say that @ CAPS5 you don't get up from the desk from the computer you will get obese ! Being obese is terrible for your health. It can take years of your life. @ CAPS5, you want to live a long and healthy life, you need to get up from the computer and exercise. "@ CAPS4 I think I need a stronger eye, my eyes are getting worse! @ CAPS5 something like this has happened to you before, it's because your eyes are on the screen of the computer all day. @ PERSON1 says: “@ CAPS5 you are at the computer all the time, you will need glasses or a stronger one.” @ CAPS6 and children should get away from their computers. Studies show that more adults are on computers, playing games than children. Have fresh healthy eyes and get away from the computer. Acroos your shiver. in your right ear. The sun makes you the most beautiful tan. @ CAPS3 do you like the sound of that? Take off your computer and go outside. This is the amazing experience you can get when you go out. @ CAPS5 you are sitting in front of the computer screen, maybe you can be watching someone else enjoy the great and relaxing experience you should have. Get up, be active and get out. Now is the time to get up from your computer. @ CAPS5 you haven't learned, the computer is an unhealthy thing for humans to use. Be like me and get your computer id. You need to be healthy and most importantly, active. Have good eyes and enjoy nature. Do not use the computer. "
Currently, there has been a debate as to whether or not computers benefit society or not. Some people say that computers enable Internet conversations among friends, and that computers transmit information about distant places and people. However, I tend to believe that the computer is not necessary. People use most of their time on computers, reducing their exercise time. Not many people pay attention to nature, and instead of talking to friends on the Internet, why not meet them at the park? Many people who use their computers reduce their metabolism. This is one of the reasons the @ LOCATION1.A has the highest obesity rates in the world. Also, the less you exercise, the less healthy you will be and the more pairs you will receive, you will feel more tense if your muscles are not exercised. If we as @ CAPS1 continue to run out of exercise, there won't be many possibilities for us in the future. Isn't it hard to know that people are paying too much attention to the computer when there are endangered species in the wild? pandas ! polar bears, whales of different types and other creatures all need our help in tackling this extinction problem. Unfortunately, much of our attention is paid to the computer, with consideration, as humans we make things possible, so we should be helping creatures in need to survive for generations. Maybe @ MONTH1 will learn more about these creatures if we take the time to do so on the computer. Perhaps we will find nature more interesting. Why do we have text messages on our computers if we have the ability to talk to our friends in a park ? We have freedom of expression in @ LOCATION1. Our families need help occasionally, but sometimes we are not available. While reducing our social life, our computer hours become more and more important and distract from what is most important. In conclusion, during computer hours, you have to think about what can be done for nature, for your health, and for your family and friends.
Dear editor, I heard from me in a technology dispute. I would like to say that I think it benefits our company. I think this is because: you can communicate with friends, they help you with school and a reliable resource that you need to find. Please read on so that I can explain my reasons. Computers and technology benefit us in many ways. One of the moms allowed you to talk to friends. Computers give you a quick and easy way to communicate with others. Instead of sending a boring letter that takes forever to get there, you can connect with your friends you haven't seen in a while. I remember when my friend moved to @ LOCATION1. It would have taken me forever there, so instead I went online and talked to him. Also, finally, it's less your hand. Now please read on for my second reason. My second reason. The computer is a research tool in many days. You can go online and find everyone in ten minutes. In fifth grade, I had to do this really difficult project. I looked in the books @ NUM1 days and found. But then I searched for everything I needed to know in half an hour. Finally, they are more successful. If you continue in @ ORGANIZATION2, you might find hundreds of them on a single topic. Easy no? New reading for reason. My last and strongest reason why technology can help you find anything in your everyday life. Computers can help you find your way. They will supermarket for you. They can help with anything. One year, I went on vacation to @ LOCATION2. my mother is moving. So I lost help. Na, if we have the difference, take some nevir pickel. Wouldn't you be more confident if you had? Computers can also find places for you, your friends or family to have fun as if they can't find places you have never heard of. Like @ ORGANIZATION1. Now everything has to be in place. So, as you can see, technology is of huge benefit to our society. Mainly for these three reasons: you can communicate with your friends, they help you in school, and they are a reliable source for everyone's life. Hope you enjoyed reading this. Please take this information your next. thanks for your time, and thanks for reading my article.
In my opinion, I think computers help people. This helps them with the information they need @ MONTH1. It can also help to learn a lot of things.
I believe that computers have a strong negative effect on society but a stronger positive effect. Computers these days are very advanced and allow you to talk to your friends, allow you to access information more efficiently and have increased our work force in scientific research. Almost all teens have a screen name that allows you to chat online with your friends. This feature keeps kids in touch and active. While instant messaging can distract children from their daily lives, it can also be incredibly useful. Last week a friend of mine forgot to write down his homework and easily contacted him online. I was able to let them know @ NUM1 in seconds. Likewise, with this online communication, you can also talk and video chat as if you are there with your friends, not every day, you can go out with your friends, so it is an easy alternative. Not only is it quick and easy, it's free. Computers are keeping kids from calling them and driving up the bill and causing those loud, annoying conversations about phone bills, how to limit your texting. The most important effect of computers on society is the collection of information. The internet allows people to access millions of websites at the speed of light. Every second of the day, there is someone on the Internet looking for a date they should go to the library to get. Computers are a key part of society and we depend on them without them, we would all be lost. They provide an easier way of life that we @ CAPS1 lazy people need to survive. The internet keeps us up to date and keeps us informed of what is happening all over the world without even going there. We need the internet and we couldn't access it without computers. One of the most important aspects of life that computers have helped us with is research. Computers have multiplied our workforce, giving us a more organized way to store the date. Recently I was watching a show where they had a computer testing items for @ CAPS2, a process that would take human weeks. They also help us to be different and more creative people. With the computer came smaller and more compact computers until they could fit in the palm of our hand. They made us think that we can do bigger things in life and protect our earth and stop damaging it so much. They lead us to research the unknown regions of the world that @ NUM2 years ago a scientist with a pad of paper didn't even dare to think of. Computers have connected the world through communication and information and have given us a better understanding of how we came to be. On the whole, society needs computers and they have an overwhelming positive effect on society.
A lot of the computers that people use, they use it every day, don't they ? Most of them take part from the moment they leave work or school until it is time for them to go to bed. What I think they should is find some other activity to do instead of sitting at the computer for six hours and doing nothing with their life and on top of that, staring at a computer for so long. , you can spoil your sight. Why be on the computer all day when you can get outside and get some fresh air? Why would you want to be on the computer when you have family and friends who you can spend time with and take care of ? You don't want to be lazy and do nothing for yourself. You want to be able to walk around instead of being locked in the house on the computer. Why would you even want to be on the computer when you could be having fun going out to eat or somewhere you've always wanted to go all your life? You can't always rely on a computer when you want to go out and explore something new, you have to try it out for yourself to really see what it is. You don't want to have a boring life now, do you? Because that's what you feel like sitting at the computer everyday looking for a bunch of @ NUM1 - since you wanna do whatever you wanna do and have fun doing what You like to do. It's not easy to find a job or consider going far away looking on the computer because you have to click a lot of numbers or pictures to go and see what you want to get when you can go. yourself looking for something better and other things to do.
Dear @ PERSON2 - @ CAPS1, I strongly suggest that people don't spend as much time on computers as they usually do. People will do much better things, like exercise or spending more time with family and friends. These two things are better for people's bodies and minds, and more useful later in life. Please consider the following to find out why it will be more beneficial for people @ CAPS2 to spend so much time on computers. First, exercise is a great alternative to sitting in front of a computer screen. A recent study by @ ORGANIZATION3 and the @ ORGANIZATION1 studies found that the average person spent five hours a day on the computer. By removing at least part of @ ORGANIZATION1 these hours, people will be able to make time to exercise more in their daily routine. Additionally, @ PERSON3 at @ ORGANIZATION4 says that "@ PERCENT1 @ ORGANIZATION1 people are not getting enough exercise in @ LOCATION1 alone." @ CAPS2 we take some free time away from the computer, people will reward themselves by taking care of their bodies @ ORGANIZATION1. Also, I tried not to use my computer for a week, and it was a great experience because in that free time I learned how to do a back flip in gymnastics. There are so many possibilities in performing @ CAPS2 that people don't use their computers as much. Second, @ CAPS2 people don't spend as much time on the computer, they get more experience with social skills. For example, @ PERSON1 at @ ORGANIZATION5 says "The folks at @ CAPS2 spend time with family and friends, they learn the social skills needed for later in life." A study by @ ORGANIZATION2 has shown that people who spend three hours or less on their computers up to @ PERCENT2 have better social, verbal and quick thinking skills. Spending time with other people's family and friends instead of @ ORGANIZATION1 on the computer is extremely beneficial. I try to spend at least three hours a day spending time with my family and friends and have a good relationship with them. Obviously, it's better to spend less time on the computer and more time exercising or spending time with family and friends. Some people @ MONTH1 say that people can talk to people online, so this is about social skills, but actually people get better social skills through person-to-person interactions because they also have to use thinking fast and their emotions. Overall, I firmly believe that spending less time on the computer is the best way to stay mentally and physically healthy. Thank you for taking my opinion into account.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3 has recently come to my attention that computers have affected people's daily lives. I agree with this because with our obesity countries. More people need to exercise more, interact with their friends, and just enjoy things that don't involve technology. Some people are just super sticky to computers, but let's see if @ CAPS3 doesn't start to wear out after this article. Many people spend too much time on their computers and spend less time training or exercising. People need to start spending more time exercising and less time on their computers due to the fact that more and more states are obese and the obesity percentages keep rising. Yes you @ MONTH1 say i'm just going to do an ino diet ! Diets don't always work and a lot of people have followed them. Even a simple hour-long walk with your dog is better than lazily browsing the web. And if you wanted, you could even join the local gym for @ MONEY1 per month. Buttle, the only way it's going to happen is if you want it. Now that you know how to fix your problem, get started ! More and more people need to interact with friends instead of going to their computers. Interacting with friends or family will help them be better at their social activities. Yes, maybe your friends and family are hungry with your friends, you will probably have more fun exercising than on computers. By interacting with your friends and family, you will help yourself later in life by being more social and being ready for any job interview to make yourself less nervous. Finally, it's good to know that it's good to know how to appreciate things that don't involve technology, because a lot of people don't have that much fun in the real world. You must meet fun @ CAPS3. This can be avoided by asking a friend to go on a business trip with ypu or spend some time for fun. Gates and nature are made up of many beautiful and impressive things; but the only way to realize this identity is to have fun outdoors or explore the best. In conclusion, the lives of many people are manipulated by computers and destroy their daily lives. but maybe because of these essy tips; excrsing more, by soul.
@ ORGANIZATION1, I strongly believe that we need computers. Computers are very useful, they play a very important role in the world, the ability to learn very interesting facts, and they also allow people to talk online. After reading my letter, I hope you agree with me. First of all, computers are important because as our world becomes more and more technical, computers are needed for almost any job and you will want people to know how to use a computer. Police officers use computers to find wanted criminals and insert them into the computer to keep them on file. Schools use computers every day for children to report, find information, and do homework as well. As a student, I know children use computers all the time. For example @ TIME1 I used computers to do my math homework assigned to me by my teacher. After reading my letter, I hope you will agree with me. Second, you have the option to search for places all over the world. Another good thing with computers is that you can check the news and be updated whatever is going on right now. Computers are just great to use because if you hate to write you've got a computer and you might even do it faster if you're a good, quick guy. I use computers to do all my essays and book reporting for @ LOCATION1 I also use it to watch the news to see what's going on in the world. Finally, computers are available because they allow you to talk to people online. You can email them or talk to them from a webcam. Online chatting is good for keeping in touch with a friend from afar or even asking a friend if homework was tonight. I like to use a webcam for the reasons just listed because on my birthday my sister couldn't come home from college so we hooked up some webcams so she could be there when we open the gifts and let's sing happy birthday. After reading my letter, I hope you will agree with me. Hope I persuaded you to show you that computers are very important and that is why we use them so much because computers are very useful, they allow you to learn interesting facts and allow you to talk to people in line.
The use of computers has increased since personal computers were invented. While there are benefits to computers like doing research and interacting with people, there are @ CAPS1 more bad things than good when it comes to computers. Computers negatively affect the way people live outside of the "virtual world". @ CAPS1 people end up being overweight or obese by spending too much time in a computer chair and not enough time outside of exercise. People also tend to interact with people on the computer who they don't talk to in the world, or whom they don't know at all. People also give out personal information to people they don't know, which brings me to my second point. Thefts happen every day all over the world, whether it's robbing a bank, a store, or even someone's identity. Using a computer may result in theft @ CAPS1. There are people who hack into people's bank account, which has all of your personal information, and withdraw any amount of money they like. Millions of people have all of their information online for everyone to see, and it's very dangerous. This is another drawback of computers. My last point that needs to be made is all of the costs that come with computers. @ CAPS1 people have to spend a lot of money on glasses because they were looking at a computer almost all the time. Some people even have to pay for drug rehab. There are people who are actually addicted to the internet, so they have to pay thousands of dollars to get healthy. As you can see, there are @ CAPS1 more cons than pros when it comes to computers. Any of these things can happen to you, so I would advise against using a computer.
Is the computer injuring you while you are exercising ? I think a computer couldn't help you in many careers? If you say good for you. This is what you want no need. So let's leave it to their argument. With a computer, you can get away from exercising and it's good for you so the more time you have. The more you will put. You will become addicted, so having a computer can help you and it can't, but most importantly, it can't. I mean, if you're a biusness guy, you're gonna need one. But if you could have fun with all the things you can do before you know it, your day is gone. And you know it's the right that you can and you don't have to do anything so rude. What to do now, let yourself be on the computer again. And the day that is a trick to get by, why go out when you could chat with friends online. I'll tell you, daddy, whatever you're going and have a snack between them, you have more and more food and you, you are going to swim and your fat to all your friends. What was still practicing at work amused you. To us because of this addicting computer. And so, your friends notice the wonder. Then they say how it goes. "I want a lot on my computer and have a lack of unhealthy exercise and food. Then they invite you to do activities and. About yourself now. You are hot and not surprised life is good , but the computer you don't need, just go over what you need to do, not what you want to do. If you want to chat with your friend, go to a place outside. place to be a lifeless life at home.That's why you should only use technology if you have to so that your body can stay healthy and fit the way you want it to be!
Dear local newspaper, This ear is about computers. Computers @ CAPS1 an advantage to have. It increases hand-eye coordination, speaking skills and easy knolage. My first paragraph @ CAPS1 on hand-eye coordination. This @ CAPS1 is an important skill because it facilitates physical movements, using your hands for example. Studies have shown that @ NUM1 over @ NUM2 improved hand-eye coordination. It also helps Kids @ CAPS1 stimulate the nerves in the hands and brain of children who have had surgery on their hands. Last year's study showed that @ PERCENT1 of children improved hand movement faster than regular therapy. Secondly. The importance of computers has been communication like email or the lens. This @ CAPS1 is great for pen pals because it saves time for replies by mail and money because there is no @ CAPS1 mail at places and when you e-mail them it there will be a quick response. It will also help people who are shy around people. A study showed that @ PERCENT2 of shy children increased their speaking skills in school. Plus, most talkative skills will help today's kids build confidence. Finally, the @ CAPS1 computer is a useful knolage tool to use. Most books will be harder to find because @ CAPS1 always contains additional information that @ CAPS1 is not needed and will take longer to find. With a computer, all you need to do @ CAPS1 to enter the information you are looking for. “@ CAPS1 an easy feeling,” Time magazine said. It was a great commentary on the weather. At school, however, there are some helpful tips that make it easier to find bookmarks that you can find faster, because everything @ CAPS1 to do @ CAPS1 goes all the way to bookmarks and finds the website. and click and that's it. In conclusion, the screen of computers is becoming more and more popular hour by hour. And the advantage of the computer like hand-eye coordination, chatter abilities and more and more easily.
Dear Diary, I don't agree with the holey computer thing, I think it's just a waste of money and a waste of the kids' time. It will be the children who will get fat and the children will never want to go out, they will want to play video games, eat junk food. If you stay on the computer too long it can make your eyes tired and sometimes it can give you cancer and you can die from it or you can get really sick and not die and you will walk @ NUM1 year of pain sickness. Most of the kids stay on the computer playing silly games and they will never go out and they will stay next door for days and never go out to play with their friends. When they are fed up with their games, they will want to try and hang out with their friends, but they will not be able, they will be too big and slow. My aunt passed away from using a computer because she had brain cancer and she passed away, she lived @ NUM2 years with the cacer. I felt so bad for my cousin that he had to watch his mother die because she used a computer every day to do her job. Therefore, I declare that computers should not be used more than @ NUM2 hours per day
Dear Diary, I don't agree that computers are important to people because they have research, online colleges, and online stores. These are my main reasons @ NUM1 and I will give more details. My first main idea is that computers help students find important information help students find important information about a project. You can do this on Wikipedia to help find information about the battle of @ LOCATION1 and other important stories. an example is i went to american history.com to find some good information about @ CAPS1 alley @ CAPS2 and what happened there. People are also looking for a lot of things that involve school. You can get research on the land and what is happening to it. My second main idea is that computers are good for people is that when you finish high school you can go to college. Some colleges can be found on the Internet and you can attend college from home on your computer. An example is my cousin. She goes to university on the internet because she has to take care of her two children. Every time you watch TV you see an advertisement on online colleges because they are trying to tell you to go to school online. My third and final reason computers are good for you is that some stores have an online store where you can look at what they have in the store. Kids love to shop very much but they can't go to mall or stores because you don't want to go. You can let them see what they want and buy it online rather than going to the stores. It can be shipped to your door without going anywhere. My mom sometimes orders @ CAPS3.C @ CAPS4 so she doesn't have to go. It ships to us in less than a week. There were my @ NUM1 main reasons why people should have computers. They can find research, online schools, and online shopping stores. It can help people understand computers.
Dear @ CAPS1 editors, @ CAPS2, my name is @ PERSON1, and I would like you to write an article on the effects of computers on people. Computers have been the go-to tech item for the last few years @ NUM1 or so. They allow people to learn many new skills, do important work, and even socialize ! However, some experts believe that people spend too much time on computers, and people are not as active or healthy because of it, and. Everyone wants to be healthy. While computers are fun and useful, could they have a negative effect on society? @ PERCENT1 of @ CAPS3 are employed on @ DATE1, and with that number dropping, people have to do more work to keep their jobs, or even to keep their businesses open. With computers available at work (or school) much more work can be done, with programs like @ ORGANIZATION1 @ CAPS4 people can type reports, and with programs like @ CAPS5, @ ORGANIZATION2 and iCalculator , workers can calculate taxes faster, so they have more time to work. Some people work with actions, and nowadays actions can be good or bad, so you have to keep up ! You can access stock market websites and control what you buy and sell, without increasing your phone bill by calling the brokers. Laptops make work possible on the go ! Computers teach many skills you need to know for a job, and other skills you need @ MONTH1 once in a lifetime. You can learn typing, work programs, and programming which are all required in certain areas of work. Computers increase math skills and hand-eye coordination! And you can read your favorite books via online scans !, now you @ MOIS1 are wondering why not buy a real book ? Well you can't scan online, and some are free ! Not only do computers teach skills and work, they are also a lot of fun! Between @ CAPS6, twitter, email, googleBUZZ, mySpace, ooVoo, skype, and gamesradar, there are many ways to talk to friends and meet new people. On @ CAPS6, I can make up to @ NUM2 people talk whenever I want! Why not talk to real people? you ask, well the answer is simple, maybe it's a lazy @ DATE2 and nobody wants to go out anywhere, or maybe your friends want to talk right before bedtime. Talking to real people is important, but it can't be done all the time! Online gambling has become a sensation !, and not just a @ NUM3, @ NUM4 and @ CAPS8, @ CAPS9 and @ CAPS10 can also “play”! So many people are playing now, that if they don't you are missing out on an amazing experience. Some people think that play is a waste of time, but so is any indoor leisure activity, everyone needs a fun activity that they can do anytime they want! In addition, everyone loves to have fun! Some people believe in the ridiculous idea that technology makes @ LOCATION1 fat and lifeless losers, but on the contrary, you can socialize online and meet new people. People (like me) can balance computers and games, with exercise and sports. With computers, you can efficiently complete work and learn new skills ! Computers are positive if used correctly. Hope you enjoy this article, thanks for reading.
Dear sir, I believe that computers are great for society. There are a lot of advantages to having a computer to use. You can talk to people online with an instant message, it is much more reliable than a phone or cell phones. Often times people don't answer the phone when you need it. With a computer, you can send a message from the computer to the person's cellular device. You can learn a lot from a computer, like things about the world, from people all over the world, you can learn things from the internet that your teacher can't even teach you. Then you can study and develop your knolage. It is a problem if you are on the computer more than you exercise, but with today's technology, you can exercise using a computer. You can play music while you workout, or even while you run on a treadmill. Even though there are many ways people use the computer to exercise and use the computer at the same time. So there are ups and downs, but in the end, no matter how much you use the computer, you can exercise at the same time, which is why I think it's an advantage to have computers today.
Recently, there has been a debate about whether or not computers benefit society. Although each party has its own reasons, computers have a positive effect on people and on society. Computers are beneficial in several ways. With the use of computers, you have the opportunity to research and learn about foreign and local places, you are able to communicate with others and help people with their daily tasks. At some point in everyone's life, you need to know local or even foreign places. It is totally unrealistic for someone to go to all the places they need to know. This is where computers come in. On the Internet, you can search for everything from the main staple food in @ LOCATION3 to New Years Day in @ LOCATION1. You learn things from the comfort of your home or hometown. I remember that once in a year @ NUM1, I had to do a research project on @ LOCATION2. By going to the computer I learned everything I needed to know and them some. The project was a snap and I got a perfect score. Additionally, you can learn about upcoming local events and the world around you. During childhood, every child has many questions, some of which their parents may not be able to answer. Using the computer is a quick and easy way to get these answers. Computers help educate the minds of people and without them we might not know anything. Communicating with people halfway around the world is difficult. It may take weeks for a letter to reach the recipient. Computers provide us with an immediate method of communicating with others, whether local or remote. Last year my uncle moved to @ LOCATION3 for work. I never got to see it. We communicated by computer, and when he came home for Christmas, we were as close to each other as before he worked. Computers have kept our relationship healthy and I don't think it would have been that way without them. Scientists say that about @ PERCENT1 of all @ CAPS1 have communicated with someone at least once through computers. They also say that @ PERCENT2 of these people regularly use this method of communication. Although we still use phones and "have to send mail", I don't think our society would be able to function socially without the use of computers. Every day, computers help people get through their days with minimal hassle. People get things done faster, which gives them more time to do what matters most, interact with their families. Without computers, day-to-day business would take about twice as long, leaving less time for the fun things in life. @ PERSON1 my neighbor said "@ CAPS2 and banking is taking so long. I don't know if I would be able to handle it without the ability to do my banking online." In addition to outlets and management, computers help you with everything from shopping to waking up to finding the perfect phone company to use for your new business. Having the ability to shop and browse online takes the time to arrive, walk, and check out, so you can relax and take your time throughout the day. Typing also gives you eye-hand coordination without it, you wouldn't be able to do everyday things like open the door to play sports outside with your kids using computers help people to live their life easier and more efficiently, I couldn't even imagine life without them. Computers benefit people in society in every way possible. By helping them gain knowledge, purifying and strengthening relationships through constant communication ability and helping them to facilitate their daily lives, they have a purely positive effect on people all over the world. Computers have a great effect on people and should continue to be used in everyday society.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1, you know that more than half of the students in the world use the computer to study. I think people don't spend a lot of time on the computer. And even if they are, it's to study, to learn how to catch up with old friends. Here are a few reasons why I think computers have such good effects on people. Most children use computers to learn what they are doing in the classroom. And they also use the computer to study a country or a person they are reporting on. There are also computer games that can help you with math. Now on my second reason. You can also use the computer to send emails to friends who live far away, and you can also use things like Facebook to find friends who have moved. And you can also use a video camera to video chat with a friend or if you are a business man or woman, you can video chat with customers all over the country. Now let's move on to my third and final reason. Computers also have applications like Microsoft Word that let you type things like essays or essays instead of having to write them by hand. There is also an app that lets you create a powerpoint if you need to create one for a project. And there is an app that allows you to paint pictures or draw pictures. These are some of the reasons I think computers have such good effects on people. If we didn't have computers, the world would be very different, as kids wouldn't be able to research projects or type essays. And you wouldn't be able to keep in touch with someone who has moved. Also, you wouldn't be able to create viewpoints for projects. And that's why I think computers have a good effect on people.
Dear: @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 I think the computer is one of the most @ CAPS3 inventions of all time. They help education do it all @ CAPS4 and travel is @ CAPS4. It helps education because @ CAPS5 still uses computers to help children learn important information. for example, if we have to study for something, there are websites specially designed for studying. There are also sites for teaching small children to read or write. Almost every @ CAPS5 has computers these days. Some @ CAPS5 even give children computers so that they can use them for study. @ PERCENT1 of @ CAPS5 in @ CAPS7.S uses computers more than manuals and achieves high test results. This is why computers help education. A second reason is that he usually does everything @ CAPS4. For example, instead of writing an essay for school and making it take hours longer than your hand and finding out that it is filled with misspelled words. Instead, you can type it in quickly and use spellcheck. I have never heard anyone say that the computer did not give back @ CAPS4 life. Another example is if you were to find information about your new dog. Instead of going to your library spend minutes. You can simply open up your internet, then search it and find the information you need in seconds. This is why the computer makes everything @ CAPS4. The last reason is this. Traveling is such without a computer Without it you have to go to buy tickets. I actually don't even remember what it was like not to @ CAPS9 online with a computer, all you have to do is go to the parts websites and then from there it is so easy to get to places, but also to travel by mail. . I haven't sent a @ CAPS8 card in years. Instead, I send an email to @ CAPS9. It's faster, @ CAPS4 and more reliable. This is why the roaming people and the mail are @ CAPS4. Overall, the computer is one of the most useful things ever and with the technology being updated daily, it will soon even be @ CAPS4 to do things. Whereas too many computers are bad and people should not @ CAPS9 interact with the internet. Computer games are at hand almost all the time. That's why I think the computer is @ CAPS3.
Dear, @ ORGANIZATION1. There has been a lot of discussion and argument about computers and their relevance to society. I think it benefits society. One of the reasons is that you can communicate with others. Another reason is their number of things to do on these computers or even on the World Wide Web. Having computers is always handy. You can talk or chat on the web with friends. This time online, I reunited with my old friend from @ LOCATION1, who I've seen for five years. Every time I come home from school I use the computer and talk to all my friends. Computers are a great place to do projects or to catch up with friends. My next reason they benefit society is theirs. It's like a home amusement park. The Internet is a wonderful thing. either to do homework or to play games. even some @ ORGANIZATION1 I'm just going to sit for a couple of hours and just play a game. But, I still exercise every day. yes computers can get addicting, but it's always good to get out there and exercise. A lot of people say more of @ PERCENT1 than @ CAPS1. people have a computer and @ PERCENT2 checks their e-mail or logs on to the computer every ten minutes. yes it is not healthy but it is their dissition. In conclusion, I believe that computers are indeed beneficial. I explained why. such as, They are great for communication or @ CAPS2 with friends, they also have an endless amount of things to do. So if you don't have a computer, buy one. They will be worth your savage.
Dear journal @ CAPS1, the average American uses the computer at least once, every day @ CAPS2 machines are beneficial to society, whereby people can easily find out about faraway places, learn without having to carry around books and heavy papers and chat with people all over the country and sometimes even the world. First of all, computers can teach you all about the world without you having to go to a library for a book. curiosity, some people think that computers @ CAPS13 people to exercise and enjoy nature, but computers encourage exercise and going out to look at nature. bring gym ad sites and home exercise ideas, computers don't get in the way of workouts and nature walks, they make @ CAPS6 easier to do. But computers make other things easier as well, @ CAPS3 can be much easier with using computers, @ CAPS4 for dragging heavy books, @ CAPS5 can carry a small laptop ; @ CAPS5 can also @ CAPS13 worry about paper tracking. Everything can be saved on a laptop. Computers organize files so that even a messy student can stay organized, another plus is that everything typed on a computer is crisp and easy to understand @ CAPS9 some handwriting, @ ORGANIZATION2 in @ ORGANIZATION1 is an example of how schools can be simplified with laptops. Each @ CAPS5 gets one for using @ CAPS4 for books, "@ CAPS6 is so much easier," said one student. @ CAPS3 is very difficult for some guys. Computers can simplify @ CAPS6. My last point is that people can talk to anyone using chat sites. if someone has a distant cousin country they can still keep in touch @ CAPS6 is the same for a friend who has moved. @ CAPS10-mail is much faster than @ CAPS7 @ CAPS8 mail carriers take a @ CAPS10-person-to-person mail is almost instant @ CAPS6 is also more private, @ CAPS9 mail which is just sealed with give, @ CAPS10 emails are password protected, there are also other sites for socializing, @ CAPS11 posts also for people to talk to each other, it can help people learn about the culture in other cities, @ CAPS12 and sometimes even different countries, @ CAPS2 sites can help bridge the culture gap, they can help get video racism, they can help make the world more ideal. Computers improve our community, they allow us to learn about faraway places, make @ CAPS6 easier to enjoy @ CAPS3, and allow us to talk to other people from almost anywhere, so @ CAPS13 no matter what, you will realize that @ CAPS14 computers are beneficial to our society.
Computers are the future. Computers are the best technology we have ever created. They allow us to improve our hand-eye coordination, to learn more about people and places far away and with our friends. Computers improve our hand-eye coordination. Typing is a good way to improve this vital skill by not looking and knowing which buttons are where. Using a mouse is also a good way to improve your skills by moving the digital mouse with the one you are holding in your hand. This can improve greeting writing, as you move the friend around in your hand the same way you move a mouse or type. It can also help with driving, because you can't look at the steering wheel you have to keep your eyes on the word, and in order to do this you know best how you move the steering wheel. Computers can help with hand-eye coordination, which can help with writing and driving, typing, and moving a mouse. Computers can increase our knowledge of faraway places and people. Cultures are diverse and we can all learn from the comfort of our own homes. We can also learn more about nature from our home. Getting to know different cultures can teach us a lot. Like the kind of clothes they wore, the food they ate, the place they lived. It allows us to change our own culture by drawing inspiration from others. Learning about new places can help expand the mind about other places in the world that can lead to vacations. Finally, computers allow us to internet with friends from our chairs. Chat, email, and video chat are all great ways to interact. With a webcam, you can even see the other person as if you were face to face with them. You can also email important files, such as pictures, documents, and even videos. It can help with someone's job. In conclusion, computers can teach us hand-eye coordination, can tell us about faraway places and people, and allow us to interact and share with friends. Computers are a very important part of my life.
Dear @ CAPS1, more and more people are using computers, but not everyone agrees that it benefits society. Those who support technological advancements believe that computers have a positive effect on people like me. They teach hand-eye coordination, give people the chance to learn about faraway places and people, they even allow people to talk online with other people. I'll tell you why we should take advantage of these computers. The first reason is that computers teach hand-eye coordination. You can learn to type very quickly. Without hand-eye coordination, how do you hit a ball coming towards you with a bat, how do you catch a ball with your hands ? The second reason is that you can learn more about distant places and people. Like how we are in @ LOCATION1 and we want to know more about @ LOCATION3 or say that we are in France and we want to know more about the Germans. we are looking for it. Now think about it, you are going to fly out there and come back the same day. The last thing is you can talk online to whoever you want from Africa to US up to @ LOCATION2. So you see computers are really special because you see you don't want to write someone a million things, that's not good, so we need computers.
Dear @ PERSON1, @ CAPS1, you know that @ PERCENT1 from @ CAPS2 are spending too much time on their computers. I believe people should spend more time outdoors with their families. It can certainly lead to brain problems, difficulty seeing and most importantly, death. First of all, there are the people who have brain problems because they are too much on the computer. When they go out with their family, they think of their computer. People stay on their computers for a nonstop period of time. In a comeback survey, he showed that teens stay on computers the most. Most people don't have a life outside of their computer room. Most ophthalmologists have received calls from parents. They fear that their child (ren) will have difficulty seeing. I interviewed an ophthalmologist and here is what he had to say : " I brought a child to the office of @ CAPS3 and he had the most difficulty seeing ". He asked the child's mother why he was having trouble seeing and she replied, "The son of @ CAPS3 spends an average of three and a half hours on the computer." The child had to bring a pair of special glasses to see better. These glasses are really expensive. I have read articles about children and adults who use the computer too often. They've burnt their brains too much using the computer. Their brains tell them to do illegal things. For example : robbing houses, killing people and ransacking cars on a large scale. Heard a kid was using the computer too much to say he started killing people and got shot by a cop. The more people die from computer use, the higher the death toll. It's now or never the friends of @ CAPS3 working together to reduce our computer use. I'm sure no one wants to be part of the death toll until we really have to. It's time to get out there and have some family fun. They miss spending time with you. So let go of your ass and go outside. But wait, be sure to shut down your computer so that you don't be tempted to restart it.
At @ CAPS1, I recently heard that some people think that computers are not for the benefit of society. However, I do not agree with this. Firstly, it allows children and adults to learn about remote places and other things. Besides, it allows family and friends to connect with other family members and friends. And finally, it's a form of entertainment on a day that you can't go out. Some people might disagree with me. However, I believe that the computer was not a waste of thought. I believe that the computer is a benefit to society and to the whole world. First, the computer allows children and adults to learn about distant places and other things. People, professors, historians and highly educated people have discovered discoveries and information about everyday things. This means that every day someone can learn something from their everyday life. When I research an important person in history, I learn things that I never learned in school. The computer is the best medium for people to put the information they have learned so that other people can see it and gain knowledge about each other. These are endless possibilities for anyone with a computer to learn. You wouldn't believe the things you can learn on a computer. In addition, the computer allows family and friends to keep in touch with other family members and friends in remote locations. If there were computers and part of your family moved elsewhere. There would be no effective way to keep in touch with them. The computer allows you to send e-mail to a home computer or to cell phones. The computer is the best way to stay close to your family, even if they are far away. My brother is at @ LOCATION1 and every day I log into the computer when I get home and video chat with him. If there was no computer, I wouldn't be able to chat with my brother. Finally, the computer provides a form of entertainment on a rainy day. Some software gives people the ability to create games and publish them online for the public. When I can't go out because of the weather, I use my computer and play video games. The games keep me company. I can never play with other people in online multiplayer. Some games are also educational. The games teach you different things about the story.
Dear @ LOCATION4 @ ORGANIZATION2, computers are a great invention but people are starting to dislike it. On the other hand, I believe that computers have positive effects on people. First of all, they are a great way for kids to have fun : @ CAPS1 people can learn some very interesting facts. Finally, it's a great way to connect with friends and family. These are a few reasons why I think computers have a positive effect on people. To start off on a computer, you can have a lot of fun playing games. The computer saves money for many of us. For example, if you bought a gaming system it would cost a lot more than @ MONEY1, but on a computer you can find and play games for free. Not all games have to look like "@ CAPS2 from @ CAPS3" or "@ CAPS2 from @ CAPS5", they can be sports games. Suppose a student has broken their leg and they love to play football. He could just use the computer and play soccer even though he has a broken leg. People can @ CAPS1 learn various facts directly from their computers. The most important thing computers are made for is learning new things. No one in @ CAPS2 knows everything, but if everyone puts what they know into the computer that people can learn anything from them, I remember @ CAPS6, my friend once told me about a guy named @ PERSON2. I had no idea who he was so my friend started laughing at me, @ CAPS6. If he has a question in class and our teacher can't answer it, he always tells him to say "@ CAPS7" or "@ CAPS8". They are both search engines. Not only can you learn a lot from computers, but you can @ CAPS1 communicate with people from different countries. What if @ PERSON1 hadn't invented the telephone? How different would our life be from me right now ? Regardless, most people use the computer for communication these days. Whether it's @ CAPS9 or @ CAPS10, or whether it's @ ORGANIZATION1 or @ CAPS11, all of them are a great way to connect with people. With phones talking to people from another country costs money, but with the router it's completely free. You could live at @ LOCATION1 and chat with someone at @ LOCATION5. You could live at @ LOCATION2 and email someone at @ LOCATION3. Communication everywhere is fast and easy with the computer. My whole family lives at @ LOCATION6 and it costs us twice as much to make a call there. @ CAPS6 we use the computer, it's even better because they can even see our tariff through the webcam. As you can see, computers aren't negative at all for all I know is they help people around @ CAPS2. They help children have fun with the games we can play. @ CAPS1 he now teaches various things to children and adults. Finally, it is an excellent communication strategy. I hope you will put these reasons in our local newspaper so that everyone can see how computers are having a positive effect on people.
Dear journal @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, you know that more than @ PERCENT1 of @ CAPS3 own computers ? Computers are one of the greatest in technology and are sweeping the nation, as well as the world. As you can probably see, I think computers have a positive effect on people. Computers teach hand-eye coordination and create the ability to learn and research quickly and efficiently. And don't forget that they offer ways to chat online. Have you ever played a baseball game where you just can't hit the ball ? Well, looks like you need to work on your hand-eye coordinator. Studies have shown that @ PERCENT2 of people who use computers have an increased eye when doing activities like sports or games. So if you're using a computer, you'll be hitting home runs, not knockouts. After you've won your baseball game, it's time to do your homework, and guess what? Your teacher has assigned you a project that should happen tomorrow ! Don't panic, log in! Computers help you learn and research, which is faster than going to the library and buying a book. Say you need the date of birth of Olympic gold medalist @ PERSON1 ! Finally, once you have your information, all you have at @ CAPS2 is your source. Okay, now your homework is done and you want to tell your friend about your plans on @ DATE1. Computers provide many ways to chat online. There are @ CAPS4, @ CAPS5, @ CAPS6, woVoo, @ CAPS7 and many more. So you log on to @ CAPS7 and talk to your best friend. Now you are no longer bored. Computers are a great way to cut down on boredom just by talking with friends online, but you better get bad soon because you have @ ORGANIZATION1 in the morning ! As you can see, computers are integrated into our daily life. They are everywhere ! I believe they are changing society, especially for the better. They teach hand-eye coordination, help you research and learn, and let you chat with friends. Plus, if you don't have a computer yet, get one!
@ ORGANIZATION1, From my perspective I think computers are positive and can give a lot of information to us humans. Although some people say that computers are sometimes overused, computers help the world connect with parents and family members all over the world, find jobs in different countries and states, and also discover the world. whole world. I'll tell you why I think computers are good for humans. To begin with, I would like to say that not everyone's families and friends live next to each other. They @ MONTH1 live halfway around the world. That's why we have webcams and chats on computers. How could we expect us to see our family with friends if there is no webcam ? Okay, we have cell phones, but not everyone can afford them. People can go to their most expensive library and use the computer there for free ! The next reason I say computers are important is that when you're fed up with being fired from your job, you can't just stay home and expect to live in your home for free, you have @ CAPS1 to find another job. You can register for jobs right on your computer. Could it get much easier ? Now you no longer need to borrow your mother's car to get to the interview. Also, the last reason I would like to get involved is that learning about the world is very important for young and old alike. Don't you think every teacher has gone elsewhere and this is how they know the world? No of course not! Teachers also use computers to search for information on a certain topic. For me, I like learning a bit about crocodiles at @ LOCATION1. I live in @ ORGANIZATION2. Do you really think I would go all the way to @ LOCATION1 to find out more about crocodiles when I can just turn on the computer and get lost in the world of crocodiles ? No of course not. It would be fun to go to @ LOCATION1 to see this, but I don't have that kind of money. To sum it all up, I think you can see my part of the argument. I'm definitely considering letting computers do what they do best, helping humans. It is one of the best inventions ever made. Don't you agree?
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1 staff, are computers useful to us on a regular basis ? Computers are very useful machines that increase productivity in everyday life. Computers not only help people discover @ ORGANIZATION1 places and learn more about other parts of the world, but they also allow people to communicate with others around the world. In addition, computers have word processing and other applications that help workers do their day-to-day jobs. So now are computers helping people learn more about our earth? Many teachers and students use computers to help them teach on a daily basis. There are many websites online that help students discover and discuss different regions of the world. For example, there is a website @ LOCATION1 (www.canadamaps.org) and this website has a map and students have to match the location / area on the map. There are also websites such as mapquest and yellow pages to help people navigate across the country and around town. As you can see, computers also help students to learn and contribute to our everyday life. Many teens of all ages enjoy using a computer program called @ CAPS1. @ CAPS1 means @ ORGANIZATION2 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3. This program allows people of all ages to instantly chat with their friends or colleagues. What we do is type a chat box with someone and the message is instantly sent to the person. Emailing is used for a lot of things. To meet up with friends, or to talk about something with another. You can also attach documents that @ MONTH1 consist of. Email speeds things up, and so does your computers. But, if your journal was handwritten, it would take a lot of time, people, paper, and money. As you can even see, @ ORGANIZATION1, computers are a necessity! So, as you can see, computers are really needed. Computers affect us in many ways that are not easily or clearly noticed. Like I said, computers teach and help people discover different places in the world today, help us connect with others around us or at @ LOCATION2 ! And also, allows us to bring our work, our family, our friends and our suitcases wherever we go, in addition to the computers allowing us to process the papers so that our lives are easier for our everyday life. So don't spend your life on the computer but use it for our purposes. Please use computers to help our daily routine. Stop writing on this pad, get up and type it on your computer!
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, you have probably seen that there is a lot of controversy over whether computers are useful or harmful. For me, computers are useful because they help you discover new things, talk to people around the world, and try new things. For example, have you ever wondered what the capital of @ LOCATION6 is ? Well, with the you can find that answer in the blink of an eye, it's because the internet is giving you unprecedented information that no book has. Internet allows you to see what is happening in or in the world as there are various news sources and blogs on the Internet, @ PERSON1 do you remember the earthquake at @ LOCATION4, of course, because I have it discovered on the Internet. You can also find directions to places, sports statistics and to different places. Well, what's the best way to find out more about these than to talk with people who live there ? I don't think anything is, is it really better to read about @ LOCATION5 or talk to someone at @ LOCATION5 ? That's the beauty of the internet is that it binds the world together in a closer relationship, I remember chatting with folks at @ LOCATION3 during the @ PERSON3 gold medal game. Of course some people would say you could meet someone from a different country in person, well, how would you meet someone from @ LOCATION2 to @ LOCATION1, because I never did. People might say they go there to talk to the person, and with the Internet, that's quite possible. Did you @ PERSON1 want to go to @ PERSON4 ? Well with the internet all you need is your credit card and you could be there tomorrow because the internet allows you to try new things. Have you ever wanted to try ping pong, so you can either make a set offline and have it shipped to you in a few days, i always wanted to go to a zoo but, didn't know any, so i I used the internet and see the school for zoos near @ LOCATION1, @ LOCATION1 and before I could move the results for @ PERSON2 zoo were right in front of me. That is why the Internet is very useful. In summary, the Internet is very helpful for people who use it correctly, but I do agree that the Internet can be inappropriate. With blackson, useless sites, the Internet can do almost anything.
Dear Diary, Technological advances, while amazing, do not always have a positive effect on society. Therefore, I honestly believe that computers do not benefit my community. For example, computers can be very dangerous and people seem to spend too much time using them these days ! Not to mention that computers are far too expensive. For starters, my mom and dad always say " don't talk to strangers " when I go out. I think they should say the same when I go to use my computer. Computers can really be dangerous for someone who is not careful. For example, online predators often present themselves as someone they are not. Therefore, you can never really trust someone you've just met in a chat room. Additionally, cyberbullying is another problem that computers put people at risk for. Another danger with computers is that anything posted on the Internet can be viewed by almost anyone. This includes images, blogs, comments and. I believe society would be better off without the constant worry of a computer! Second, people, especially the younger generation, spend too much time on computers. Some people spend hours every day using a computer when they could do an activity that was of real benefit to them. If people spent as much time helping their community as they did the computer, the world would be a much better place to live. Not to mention that it would bring people closer to each other. Computers seem to control people's lives and that just isn't healthy. I think people should spend more time living and less time with their faces glued to a computer screen! Finally, computers are like vampires, sucking your money. In the economy of @ DATE1, people have to save their money for college or even simpler things like a new pair of shoes ! Plus, as technology advances, even the most high-tech computers are out of date in a year or two and a new one is needed. In addition, the prices of computers keep increasing. It is very difficult to follow! I firmly believe that computers are a waste of money and bring society down. Overall, computers are just a negative attribute in communities through @ LOCATION1. First of all, they can be dangerous. Second, they take too long, and third, computers are too expensive. Computers are simply a problem in @ DATE1's world.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3, computers are a great technology. Computers are great for many reasons. Three of these reasons are fun, friendliness, and education. I believe these three reasons are the main reason we use computers today. One of the reasons we use computers is for fun. On some websites, you can talk to friends, see what your friends are doing, you can even video chat with them. Also, you can watch movies, @ CAPS4 episodes, and videos. Additionally, you can listen to music, play games, and view sports scores. I firmly believe that fun is one of the main reasons we use computers today. Another reason we use computers is for user friendliness. Most of the people in @ LOCATION1 have a computer in their home. Computers are convenient because you pay your bills over the Internet. You send e-mails to your colleagues about jobs. Additionally, computers can help people build websites so that their business is more visible. As you can see, computers are a very handy technology. The last reason we use computers is education. On a computer, you can learn just about anything. You can learn about the history of @ CAPS5, sports, you can learn about current events in the world. Computers can help you study, take notes, and do your homework. When I have a project, I always use the computer to find important information on the subject. As you can see, education is the most important reason we use computers. Now I think you understand how important computers are in the education, fun and usability of @ LOCATION1. Hope you listened to my take on computers and also hope you keep telling people how great and important computers are.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 is my belief that people spend too much time on computers. Now one day you can do anything on a computer. For example, talk to friends, play games and even turn off your lights ! But what are they taking away from us? It takes away communication skills and is even used to create cyberbullying. They also don't allow us to enjoy the beauty of nature and exercise. A teenager on @ NUM1 spends more time talking to people on the computer than face to face. This mode of communication prevents children from learning valuable social skills that come with face to face conversation. This makes @ CAPS1 harder for kids to make friends, or even do their jobs well. Studies indicate that for each generation to come, communication skills decrease by @ PERCENT2. Eventually, if @ CAPS1 continues to fall, a world will disappear. This style of communication always has a new kind of bullying. What have we done to the people? You waste more than @ NUM2 days a year sitting in front of your computer. during this wasted time, you could go out jogging or walking all day. in fact, the percentage of people who have a computer is much more important than the percentage of people who don't just exercise for yourself. The computer cannot do @ CAPS1 for you. Sitting in front of a computer does nothing for your body. You have to physically get up and move. It's good for my health, I look fresh. Coming to a point on fresh air @ PERCENT1 people who use computers at home are more likely to be telecom sick than people who don't leave you sometimes seem. See nature like never before, I don't think so. Yes you can watch us green spotted tree on the internet but it looks nothing like nature and @ CAPS1 is real life. Discoveries cannot be made on new species on the computer, a computer cannot find @ CAPS1 for your @ CAPS1 find. People are and less on the environment made at the computer. They see an unhealthy image. After writing this I can say what I was about myself and my personality which scared me the most, I realize that I am becoming more and more addicted to the computer every time. day. I don't see any friends like. I don't go out as much, and I don't go out as much. This is true for the must-have people whether you know @ CAPS1 or not, I personally continue today and on time you calculate. The computer is too much to take and do anything more with their lives. This improves our well. So this leads to my conclusion that computers have a bad influence on humans and that we should use less of them and for ourselves by not seeing. Thank you for your time.
Dear local newspaper, I am writing to you today about how more and more people are using computers. I think it's great. The reasons why I think this is because it teaches hand-eye coordination, it gives people the chance to learn about faraway places and people, and it also allows people to chat online with other people. Read on to find out more. The number one reason I think more and more people are using computers is because it teaches people better hand-eye coordination, for example there might be a program for the computer that teaches you to type with your hands and not just your index fingers. You can then learn to do all of this without even looking at the keyboard. Read on for more information. The second reason I think more and more people are using computers is because it gives people the opportunity to learn more about places and people far away. For example, if you have a school project and are researching another country, you can use your computer to get more information about their religions or just the whole country in general. You can also use the computer to search for different types of people. You can search for people like @ PERSON1 from @ DATE1 to @ PERSON2 who is currently our president. Read on for more information. The last reason I think more and more people are using computers is because it allows people to talk online with other people. For example, you can create an account on Facebook, myspace, @ CAPS1, or @ CAPS2 and start talking to people. You could get to know children who live in your neighborhood who you have never even known. Read on to find out more. Finally, I think more and more people are using computers, which is a good thing. They can learn hand-eye coordination, have the ability to learn about distant places and people, and have the ability to talk to other people online. I have spoken to people who have just started using computers and @ NUM1 on @ NUM2 people said they liked what they saw. So I want you to go out there and buy a computer and see what you think about it. Thank you.
Picture this : You entered a raffle at your child's school for an all-expenses-paid trip to @ LOCATION1, and you won ! You are so excited until you realize that you don't know anything about @ LOCATION1. You don't know what the weather is like, you don't know what kind of food they're eating. You are not sure how to prepare for the trip. So you go online and learn anything and everything about @ LOCATION1. You pack your bags properly and have a good time. All because you had a computer. Computers can help you get a better education, regardless of your age. It also gives you the ability to keep in touch with your friends and family and is needed for many jobs. Computers help many people learn about different countries and cultures. We know so much more about other places now than before computers. But computers can teach you more than just different countries. They can teach a whole new language or help you understand the science lesson better. There are many online colleges where you can learn the lessons online and at your own pace which is good if you are really busy. The internet is a great way to stay in touch with your friends and family. You can use email, instant messaging, video chat, or you can create an account on websites like Facebook or Myspace. For example, my cousin is in the navy, he has been for @ NUM1 years, and before having a facebook, I had lost contact. Now I talk to him all the time. When most people hear about computers, the first thing that comes to their mind is "the Internet". But that's not all for a computer. Many jobs these days use computers. Banks, @ CAPS1, teachers, @ CAPS2, even cashiers. Computers are no longer a luxury; they have become a necessity. In fact, @ NUM2 works on @ NUM3 require a computer. Computers allow you to type that book report or make a very important letter look professional. Computers have changed the world; and once it has changed, there is no turning back. So it seems that computer access made this trip to @ LOCATION1 easier. Obviously, computers have become a part of everyday life. You can keep in touch with your friends and use it for your work. Most importantly, you can learn so much!
Dear readers, I understand that some @ MONTH1 think that computers can affect people's lives. This is because it prevents them from going out to exercise and enjoy nature. My take is that people have a choice to get out, exercise, and enjoy nature. Computers give so much information that they could give people ideas about the different things people can do outside. Computers also have the ability to download videos and other software that people can watch and exercise with them, and learn techniques. In my life, my mom and dad, along with many other people in my family, check out different websites online to see what activities we can do on weekends and seasonal activities. Computers are very important and are life changing. If there had been no computers, some people would not be able to educate themselves. Doctors, police officers, and banks use computers for their work and it helps us get through everyday life with ease. From what I see and understand, computers have a positive effect on our lives. Computers can be negative, but it all has to do with self-control and how you use it.
Computers are getting more and more advanced every day, almost everyone owns or owns a computer. I think they are of great benefit to society. One of the many ways is to teach yourself hand-eye coordination. So even @ CAPS1 your games, your @ MONTH1 hand-eye coordination improves. With hand-eye coordination, you @ MONTH1 need it to play sports like baseball. When do you need hand-eye coordination most? I use it the most when playing hockey or baseball. So the next time you're on a computer, remember that your hand-eye coordination improves. Another reason we benefit from having computers is that we learn from distant places. @ CAPS1, you know places far from you where you can or cannot travel, use a computer to acquire basic knowledge @ CAPS1 you are traveling somewhere on business and know nothing, what do you do ? I know! get on a computer and do some research on it ! An example of this is, @ CAPS1, you have to go to @ LOCATION1 and know nothing about it, use a laptop on the way there. @ CAPS1 you do this, you will have a diagram on the spot. As you can see, laptops and computers are great for learning foreign countries. Finally, computers are great for learning a new language. You have to learn Spanish within a few weeks. What will you do? Download a free language learning app. @ CAPS1 you don't know much French and you need a few words but you don't have a dictionary. Uses a translator. When you talk to someone at @ LOCATION1 and you don't know their language, use an English to African dictionary translator application on your computer. Computers have great free translation apps, so @ CAPS1 you don't know a language, get on a computer and learn it ! In conclusion, computers are used every day and help us a lot, whether it is to learn a new language or just to talk to friends. Information technology is of great benefit to society.
As the editor of the daily, I firmly believe that computers have a negative effect on people of all ages. Computers these days are overused to use the privileges we already have. While people use the computer for random activities, they do not have any physical activity. Email and facebook are also great websites to communicate with, but people check their emails all the time instead of paying attention to when their parents come home from a long day at work. With it, people get so engrossed in the computer that children are turned away and forget to do their homework. Computers are a great invention, but with today's society many problems are not always solved. First, people don't get the exercise they need because they are playing on the computer or video chatting with a friend. About @ NUM1 of America is obese so exercise should definitely be a priority, but with these new websites and computer activity, people are being held back. With this, both kids and adults communicate in a high-end way that wastes too much of their time. Computers have so many stupid, unnecessary activities that keep us from exercising because a lot of people think options and web pages are important and necessary. Indeed, computers are a necessary technology, but people are taking too much advantage of it by having their entire life in the computer instead of having it for other things such as exercise and being healthy. In addition to the computers taking away the exercise, they also take time away from your family. For example, @ TIME1 when my dad came home. After a long day at work, no @ CAPS1 really had a bear hug he was expecting because everyone was so interested in their email or what my sister friend just said on Facebook. Family is the most important part of your life and if computers are getting in the way, your computer use definitely needs to be changed. What is most important to you, the family or the computers ? I understand that you always talk to your family and hug them, but when you talk to your sister through Facebook, even though she's right in the next room. Obviously, it must be done. Computers affect you and everyone around you in more ways than @ CAPS1. Finally, computers take the family but also homework and school work. Most kids spend so much time on the computer and they have to do their homework. This is unusual and may be missing, kids and teens are still playing games, facebooking friends and video chatting, making them realize they need to start homework at home ! A girl from @ PERSON1 said : "@ CAPS1 I was on Facebook all afternoon, then I realized I had never started my @ CAPS2 essay !" It has happened to so many people because computers are too distracting and drain your brain. Also, yesterday I remember I was video chatting with my friend for @ NUM2 hours and only started my homework at @ NUM3 ! The computer everyone who goes there which is unacceptable. Without computers, a negative impact on people. out of people exercising with time in the computer which is amazing and terrible. Plus, they cut off communication with your family, making it rare to truly bond with them. With this, people get glued to the computer and forget to do their homework. Overall, computers make life a lot more stressful. Thank you for your attention.
In my opinion, computers are a good source @ CAPS2 Information, communication and business computers make it easy. Example @ CAPS2, instead of going to the library to get information on something, you can use a computer. Computers are one of the most advanced technologies you can search for anything in the world. computers are also a great help on a @ CAPS2 school or @ CAPS2 work project some jobs they are required to use computers. Computers are even good @ CAPS2 at learning things you haven't even heard of. Some people even take online classes. Computers could also be useful for planning vacations. computers are often used to communicate with others, family and friends. if you have a computer, you probably have an email address, homepage, or @ CAPS1 to keep in touch with people. There are even sites to meet new people. In my opinion, I think computers have a positive effect on people. Computers can be used @ CAPS2 a lot, they are a good source of technology. Computers might take a lot of your time eg @ CAPS2 you have a @ NUM1 page essay due tomorrow im sure it would be much easier and faster to type it than write it down and mess it up , @ CAPS3 is typing a letter or a piece of paper, computers have "@ CAPS4 @ CAPS5" so if you get a word wrong it will tell you where you made your mistake to save more time.
Dear Diary, I think there are many reasons that computers are good for people. Accounts are good for people because they help keep friends connected. The second reason is that they can be a great knowledge for people. @ CAPS1 Third reason computers are good for people is that there are many programs that are team based and help people work in teams and build skills. These are three of the many reasons I think computers are good for people and have had a positive effect. First of all, I think computers are good for people because they help keep friends connected. If you move to another city, go to a distant college, or move because of a job, if @ CAPS5 is further away you will probably lose the connection with your friends. But, using a computer can solve this problem. In social networking sites like @ CAPS3, twitter, and myspace, you can just search for your friends far away from those you've been around and get in touch with them. You can catch up, remember the good times you had, and maybe make plans to meet up someday. @ PERCENT1 from @ CAPS2 were reconnected using a social networking site on a computer. Experts also say that @ CAPS5 is important to stay connected with your past to maintain well-being and be happier. I had an experience when a scoial networking site reconnected me with a @ CAPS2. When I was younger I had a @ CAPS2 whose grandmother lived with @ CAPS1 daddy. After a little over a year of being good friends he moved to @ LOCATION1, thought I would never hear from him again. Later that year I also moved to another city, @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 searched for me on @ CAPS3 and we logged in again, found out he had returned to where I lived . This is the number one reason I think computers are @ CAPS4 good for people. The second reason, @ CAPS5, is that computers can be great sources of knowledge for people. If you ever need to define information that doesn't have to go through the book, then a computer is what you need. As much as you can find an accurate and reliable course than a computer. Is an amazing tool. You can search almost anything and you will be able to find information locks on @ CAPS5. Statistics show that you can find @ PERCENT2 more information on a computer than a book. Experts have said that soon the books will be out of date and the computer will rain down as knowledge flows. This is the second reason I think computers are good for people. Finally, I think computers are good for people because there are so many programs out there that help with teamwork and team building skills. What I have by programs is, of course, video games. Almost all of the computer games available have multiplayer functionality. In the multiplayer universe, there are types of matches that involve a great deal of teamwork. In age games, you have to communicate and talk to your team if you want to win. And that's the only way to win using teamwork. This is @ CAPS1 the third reason I think computers are good for people. In conclusion, I think computers are good for people, they help reconnect friends, acquaintances and develop team building skills with programs that are available for @ CAPS5.
In a study conducted by @ ORGANIZATION1, @ NUM1 people on @ NUM2 spend more than @ NUM3 hours per day on the computer. “ @ CAPS1 computers have become so popular here that there has been an increase in social issues, health issues and pollution, ” @ PERSON1 says. The question then is, do computers really benefit society or do they have a negative effect on people? I firmly believe that these computers seriously affect us. First, fewer people are spending time outdoors enjoying nature. Imagine sitting outside in the bright autumn sun as red, yellow and green leaves dance in the wind. How will someone see the beautiful views of the outside world if their eyes are on the computer screen ? Eight out of ten @ CAPS2 surveyed by National Nature @ CAPS3 admit not going out on sunny days but rather playing on the computer. "The more people see how beautiful it is, the less likely they are to pollute it with smoke. Dr @ PERSON2. How is our country supposed to be clean if people even want to turn off the computer every @ NUM4 hours a day and see the world ? In conclusion, computers have a negative effect on the person because they see beauty. Second, computers take so long that people are with their families. I used to to think that talking with someone. Now I realized that talking in real life with people is better. I remember meeting the girl. She was always talking by email or instant messenger. Seventy-nine percent of families separate because of social issues.All smart and intelligent people talk about family or just the car and their surroundings, these successful people know that the key to happiness is communication and work to help get rid of computers. Finally, more time on computers means less exercise. Teens are supposed to get an hour of exercise each day, but @ NUM5 on @ NUM2 teens interviewed at @ ORGA NIZATION2 admits to doing this exercise. There was an increase in @ PERCENT1 in childhood obesity from @ DATE1 when computers weren't big. Now almost @ NUM4 / 2 of @ NUM8 grade boys at @ ORGANIZATION2 are willing to spend too much time on computers. In conclusion, computers take away some important things from online exercise. Come on, can't we agree that computers have negative offers? our poor environment is being killed because no one sees the beauty of the families that occupy their lives the most and stand up against computers today ! It will be the best choice you ever made.
Dear local newspaper, I believe that computers have a good effect on people. The reasons believe that it is because the computer teaches us a lot of things, you can also find a relitive that you have not seen for a long time. Another two reasons is that you can talk to your friends, another is that you need it to put music on @ NUM1, @ CAPS1 and other devices. My first reason I thought computers had a good effect on people was because they teach us a lot. If you wanted to know the culture of a country, you could go and find out on the computer. Without the computer, you would have to visit without knowing which vaccine to take in case of illness. Other things it might teach you is how to get from one place to another without stopping to ask people where a place is. It is important to know things about the computer, you can research it and find out. Another is that you can find a family member that you haven't seen for a long time. Being able to reconnect with someone is very important. And if something happened to them that you didn't know, like a broken leg or hip, you can tell if you find them on the computer. Also, a lot of people @ MONTH1 have missing family and want to be close or talk again, can't find them and fill again near them. And they can find you if they really need to talk to you. You can also talk to your friends in a chat room with other friends or alone. If you've moved far, the computer is a great way to keep in touch with old friends. Talking to friends relieves some children of the stress they used to have. It helps when your friends make you laugh and talk to you about leaving it all alone and breathing. Everyone has a friend who dissuades them from doing bad things. A friend like that is helpful. The last reason is that you need a computer to put music on your @ NUM1 players. Music is a lot of fun and a lot of people love to listen to it. If you didn't have computers, there would be no point in buying a lot of electronics because you often need a computer. People like to listen to music on their @ CAPS1 or @ NUM1 while exercising, but you need the computer to put music on it. Without computers, music is useless. In conclusion, I think computers have a good effect on people.
For @ CAPS1, it concerns @ MONTH1, today people of all ages use computers. Computers are a great way to make reports, talk to friends and family, and also research things you @ MONTH1 must have known. The children of @ ORGANIZATION1 have many projects to do and most of these projects involve writing an article. The teacher has difficulty reading with the other hand, so it would be helpful for students to use the computer to print very neat paper. The computer has many ways to write this paper and now you will find it very useful. The nearby library will always have additional computers that students can use to write a piece of paper. If you meet a teenager on the internet, now one day you find him @ MONTH1 on '@ CAPS2'. '@ CAPS2' is a website for talking to friends and relatives. Some of those relatives @ MONTH1 live very far away or don't have a phone to talk to, so you can talk to them here. Some people think that “ @ CAPS2 ” is “ stupid ” and cannot be good because it takes time for homework, but what if a @ CAPS3 forgets to write down their homework ? The @ CAPS3 could go to '@ CAPS2' and chat with a friend from @ ORGANIZATION1 to get this work from home. There are many search engines on the computer such as '@ CAPS4 stack', '@ CAPS5', or even the ever popular '@ ORGANIZATION2'. Most people use these web pages to search for articles, travel, or even just to find random information. A lot of people want to go to @ LOCATION2 or @ LOCATION1 for @ CAPS6, but don't know what to do when they get there. By going to one of the search engines, they would find that in @ LOCATION1 they could go to the zoo @ LOCATION1. In @ LOCATION2, they could go to the world @ CAPS7 or to @ CAPS8 @ CAPS9 @ CAPS10 to find out all about @ CAPS11 and what it is like in a @ CAPS9. Thanks for taking the time to read this and I hope you will review what I said.
Dear local newspaper @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 I see why some people think computers and technology are bad for society, but I strongly disagree with them. To me, technology, especially computers, can bring people together and computers are very beneficial for @ CAPS5. Computers can also save you time and money. First of all, computers can bring people together. I had one of my best friends move across the country, to @ LOCATION1 ! and I don't see her, so I am now video chatting with her on my laptop. and if I hadn't had this opportunity, we probably wouldn't have kept in touch with each other. This experience was not only with a friend, but also with a family member, my grandmother. Every Passover year the whole family comes home to celebrate, but as they get older we video chat so they can see the whole family together. It is a wonderful experience. As I said before, computers can be beneficial for @ CAPS5. You might be thinking "@ CAPS3 he can only figure this out, but I'm a student at @ ORGANIZATION1 and sometimes I forget to write an assignment so I grab my laptop and go to @ ORGANIZATION1 notes. Com, though this got zero on homework. You see! Computers are very beneficial! Have you ever been in a situation where you need something but you just don't have the time? Well now a lot of things can be ordered offline. You can get things from food to clothes and toys. Surveys have proven that more than the average @ PERCENT1 @ CAPS4 order off the computer and save money on the gasoline as they don't have to drive Overall I think computers can be handy and useful for all ages @ CAPS5 with homework, family, friends and adults who don't have much time and I think that over the years more and more g ens will begin to realize this.
Dear Diary, I firmly believe that the effects on people caused by computers are positive. Computers can help you connect with distant friends and family, find great naturist parks, and find local @ CAPS8 or exercise equipment. These three reasons will show you that computers are a very important asset to our society in the following passage. For starters, computers can help you connect with distant friends or family. According to a recent study, @ PERCENT1 of @ LOCATION1 citizens spoke with a friend or family member living across the country via the internet. Another poll by @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 magazine showed that the computer is the best way to stay connected with a loved one. Best friend CAPS9 @ @ @ PERSON3 is CAPS4, and all his cousins live @ Location4. @ CAPS6 told me: "@ CAPS5 the computer was never invented, they would be like ghosts to me." @ CAPS6 relies on the computer to talk to his beloved family. Obviously, the computer plays a huge role in reconnecting distant friends and family members. @ CAPS10 Would you feel like @ CAPS5 you loved nature but could never find amazing parks ? @ CAPS9 guess this is terrible. Fortunately, all you have to do is type "amazing natural parks" into a search engine. In about two seconds, you should have fantastic results. Many think that the computer takes a long time to enjoy nature, but I think @ CAPS11 improves @ CAPS11. @ CAPS9 sister loves nature, she loves taking pictures of beautiful scenery. However, she lost interest over time. She said, “I'm sick of taking pictures of the same local things every day. I typed natural parks on a search engine, and sister @ CAPS9 is back to travel everywhere @ LOCATION2. Lean @ PERSON2, a nature expert says that @ PERCENT2 are people who lose interest because they don't know new places to go. In addition, nature in a magazine @ CAPS7 concluded that the best way to find nature is on the Internet. As you can see, @ CAPS5 @ CAPS11 was not for the Internet, hardly anyone would have the love and passion that most people have for nature today. Who needs exercise ? Everyone. Currently @ LOCATION3 is extremely overweight. We need to register more @ CAPS8 and create more exercise equipment, but @ CAPS10 will people find out ? On the computer. According to @ PERSON1, @ PERCENT3 or @ CAPS8 have a website accessible through the computer. “The best way to get members,” @ CAPS8 @ NUM1 @ LOCATION5 magazine said, “is to create an online website.” @ CAPS9, friends, dad just joined a brand new gym which opened three days ago. "@ CAPS10 have you discovered @ CAPS11 ?" I asked. "@ CAPS11 was simple, I just looked up the local @ CAPS8, and @ CAPS11 has arrived !" Experts say the computer limits workout time, but overall the truth is, the computer is the key to the gym. Connecting old friends and distant family, finding great natural spots, and finding local amenities @ CAPS8 and excersize are three very difficult things to do. However, these are three things the computer does very well. @ CAPS5 reconnecting with loved ones, loving nature and exercising are bad effects on society, so what is good ?
Dear @ CAPS1, I am aware of the current debate about technology, but more specifically computers. Computers are useful, interesting, and even fun technology. Computers open the world to new people, new places, and unwarranted limitations. Computers are the keys to innovation and creation. When @ ORGANIZATION1 did a computer usage study, @ PERCENT1 people said they got their newsfiles and even planned to use the computer and now @ PERCENT2 creations are done through the computer. This illustrates the power of computers allowing people to do things that were once impossible. Now humans are able to spread information around the world in seconds. Computers also thrive on advertising or working software. Computers are the key to helping open the world to new possibilities and options not possible NUM1 years ago. I understand that my opposition is not only against computers but wants to limit their use. It is unfair and possibly unconstitutional. They claim that people exercise less because of computers, but @ PERCENT3 of people, when asked if computers have had a negative impact on your exercise, said "no" and a man said " because of the computers I learned new workouts and even found a great local trainer ”. @ CAPS2, you can understand that computers are not just games and toys, but allow people to grow and learn more to help them find plasas to travel and help them with their exercise. The computer is a formidable tool of communication. Email, @ CAPS3 and other software allow people to communicate across the world. @ CAPS2 the world is starting to innovate, communication is the key. People are able to broadcast news within seconds, in fact @ PERCENT4 news is now being done via the computer. The @ CAPS4 times news and the @ CAPS5 wall street have moved their news mostly to the internet, allowing people across town to see them. Work is also mostly done by the computer now. People can upload files, ship, and even order online. Even important business meetings are held via the computer, where everyone can be at home. Computers are indispensable when it comes to communications and news work. Hope you understand and take advantage of my opoinon. Computers are needed to develop @ CAPS2 a world that solves communication and expansion issues, which is why I think there are no issues with computers.
Dear @ PERSON1 @ CAPS1 I am writing this letter to let you know that I think computers are a smart investment for several reasons. Here are some reasons why computers benefit society, they allow kids to do their homework with a little help, kids can talk to other friends and when kids are on board they can play music to games on it. UGH! Sometimes I don't understand, I sit at the kitchen table doing my history homework, but I don't know what year the Revolutionary War was. @ CAPS2 I go to my room to turn on the computer and @ CAPS6 there I go to google and look for what I need to know. It also benefits parents, because if they do the bills or something that they don't have to worry about, the child might search for it and know it's @ CAPS6 ! Finally all my homework is done but my computer is still on. I'm going to see who's online I can talk to and make sure I haven't missed any homework. Talking to your friends online can help you stay in touch with friends in other states, or just people you don't see very often. It can help make new friends or get closer and cause less problems. Okay nobody's home or online @ CAPS2 I think @ CAPS3 is going to chill out, turn some music to chill out, turn on some music and maybe take a nap. Or I can play the new counterattack game I have! YES by playing counterattack. The fewest deaths in my team this match! Alright, that's enough counterattack for the day, I think I'm going to put on the same music and lay down in bed. Now that I've told you about all the benefits of computers, you @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5 @ CAPS6 ! keep in mind that it can help you with your homework, talking with friends, or just having fun.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, computers are useful every now and then, but @ NUM1 people on @ NUM2 think they are a waste of electricity. Computers are not beneficial for everyday life in general. When people are on the computer, they spend several hours there. This means that they are not getting enough exercise and causing harm to their body. Not only that, but people tend to use this machine obsessively. They spend more attention on the computer and not enough time with your family. Everyone knows that exercise is important. However, what happens when we don't have enough? Heart disease is the leading cause of death in @ LOCATION1. Heart disease is caused by obesity. This is what happens when you don't exercise. When you are on the computer, you are sitting rather than moving around. This means that your metabolism is not doing well and you are burning fewer calories. It is not healthy for anyone. Even people in perfect condition. Gaining weight is not the only way to harm your body. When using the computer, you should look at the screen which has very bright @ CAPS3 lights. After staring at the screen for so long, your eyes will start to feel the effects of the lights. A lot of people say it's like staring at a flashlight for a long period of time. About @ PERCENT1 of the children in our school wear glasses because they use the computer for too long. This @ PERCENT1 is @ PERCENT2 more than before. We used to have around @ NUM3. As I said before, when you use the computer, you use it for an extended period of time. And the family ? They deserve more attention than a machine. Spending more time on the computer than your own flesh and blood is not fair. In a survey, @ NUM4 people on average at @ NUM5 said they spent about eight hours on the computer between work and home, and about one hour with their family. The results were more than shocking with all of this in mind, ask yourself how useful the computer really is. Sure, it's good for finding things quickly, but it's also good for making people gain weight, spending money on glasses, and snatching them away from family members. In the end, the computer is not very useful at all.
How do you think the world would be without computers? I think it would take us back a few ages. We need computers to communicate and to learn things that need to be learned. Without computers our country would be nothing. People say you don't exercise enough and enjoy nature enough. Well, there are ways to do it too. Communication is one of the greatest things about computers. Teens love @ CAPS9 @ CAPS10 when they're home because it's so fast it's like you're really talking to them. @ CAPS1- @ CAPS2 is another thing that people love to use. Business owners use @ CAPS1- @ CAPS2 to send @ CAPS10 to everyone so they are all on the same page. There's also a new video chat where you can talk face to face with someone and see them on the other side of the world if you want to. You can also learn everything you need to know about computers. They have dictionary sites, history sites, encyclopedia sites, etc. You can find any point in history and have an entire site on it. Or a site called wikipedia, you can search for a certain thing and get an entire webpage dedicated to the information of that object or person. Schools also use sites to help students learn more. They have math sites, English sites, study sites @ CAPS3 and (a favorite of science teachers) @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5 for everything you need to know about science. They also have many new language help websites. There is a recent program called @ CAPS6 @ CAPS7 which is on the computer but teaches you any language as well as any human teacher. Some people still say that is not enough. They say you still need exercise, nature, and time with your family. You can still do all of this on computers. You can research some workouts that you might want to do. You can search for good hiking trails near you. They have websites (like @ CAPS8) where you can @ CAPS9 @ CAPS10, @ CAPS11 photos, play games and video chat with your family members who @ MONTH1 live across the world. But you can still do it. While I've explained many reasons why computers are a good thing to have, there are still a ton more. The teaching of hand-eye coordination and many other things too. You can check the sports results of the day before or consult the sports results of NUM1 years ago. You can do all of this on the computer and more. This is why computers have a positive effect on people and everyone should have a computer.
Dear newspaper editor, I think the computer has a positive effect on people because @ CAPS1 helps people all over the world learn to speak a different language, @ CAPS1 helps people talk to their friends all over the world and @ CAPS1 helps people by making @ CAPS1 easier to write a letter and send @ CAPS1 to the people they work for or their bosses who need the report by the end of the day. These are the three reasons why computers have a positive effect. @ CAPS1 helps people learn to speak different language without spending a lot of money, like using rosette stone, you have to spend @ NUM1 US dollars, but online you don't have to spend a dime. the best part is that @ CAPS1 is free. The rosette stone's slogan is "I spent less money than months of formal classes." I think their new slogan should be, “ We have a better learning company than anyone else. " This is why @ CAPS1 helps people learn a different language. @ CAPS1 also helps people by making @ CAPS1 easier to talk to their friends, you can aim, webcast and text to make @ CAPS1 easier @ CAPS1 talk to friends on the internet. The reason they created this is that people don't have to travel to faraway places and spend money on telling a friend important news which is just one thing. So in conclusion, you don't have to spend a lot of money to say something to a friend. The third reason the computer helps people is that people email their boss or boss and fax their last big interview report for a new job at their place of work, @ CAPS1 helps your boss by making @ CAPS1 easier to read and @ CAPS1 better because you might be in Japan and your boss might be in Florida @ CAPS1 will take about @ NUM2 minutes to access your boss's computer. This is why @ CAPS1 is easier to send messages to your boss. The top three reasons are that you can learn a different language without paying a dime, that you can talk to your friends more easily, and you can text your boss more easily than calling them. These are the three reasons computers are positive.
For Middlebury Paper, @ CAPS1 the article on whether or not computers benefit society, my opinion is that they have a lot of advantages @ MONEY1 to make them an interesting thing to have in schools, homes and businesses in our city. They can help more than they hurt, and can you honestly see your life without checking your emails and keeping up with our society? Computers in schools help increase the amount @ MONEY1 of our children's learning. Example @ CAPS1, @ PERSON1 can study his math facts online @ CAPS1 math or learn about the skeletal system @ CAPS1 health course. It is also a benefit of saving money because instead @ MONEY1 has to pay @ CAPS1 your son or daughter to go to @ LOCATION1 to find out more about the collisreum, you can d 'First let them learn more on the Internet, to see if the trip is really worth it. Another essential thing in life is hand-eye coordination and one way of training that involves playing exercise games on a computer. This helps set up the coordination that the kids in your town will use @ CAPS1 the rest @ MONEY1 theirs! The benefits to education will only increase with technology, so taking the kids out of it now is a big mistake ! With computers, communication is one. Students can get homework by email. Save time so they have more time to come. Computers profitable because instead of paying @ MONEY1 your children's @ CAPS1 phone bills and @ CAPS1 guardians and cell phone bills, you can just talk through email and potentially save @ MONEY1 ! Keeping in touch with families is also simplified because in just one email you can catch all your family members! There are clearly advantages to speeding up communication with computers that no one wants to miss. So why would you make this mistake. @ CAPS1 you can't blame the computers @ CAPS1 why people don't exercise so much. People choose the way they exercise their community, on computers. Computers don't control your family or not. If anything they help together! Spending time in nature is that particular person. Choice no one else. All of these inconveniences cannot be blamed on computers, because it is people who decide how to use them, not the computer. Overall I think keeping our @ MONEY1 computer usage where it is now is the best idea because without it communication and education will decrease and with that who says exercise will increase? ! Overall, the choice is with the computer user, not the computer. Thus, when used with discretion, computers greatly contribute to society.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION3, @ CAPS1 caught the attention of @ CAPS2 that some members of our society think computers are not good. This stance comes from lack of judgment and a closed mind. Computers are lifesavers for corporate employees who use them to do all their work, these tools also allow disaster or weather news to spread effectively and efficiently. These technological devices also create and maintain communication between family members and friends. Computers are vital in today's society and getting rid of them would be to block oxygen from entering the body, with multiple serious consequences. First of all, about @ PERCENT1 of all modern businesses require their employees to work on computers. These works of art are not only handy toys, but @ CAPS5 indispensable for the working class @ CAPS5 a pencil # @ NUM1 for a student making a cut. @ PERSON3, a small business owner, agrees. "@ CAPS2 company designs software and uses @ NUM2 computers. Many @ CAPS2 employees work from home and require computers." The growth of computers is not something to be frowned upon, but rather a technological achievement improving the lives of others. By wresting our computers from the lives of workers, chaos would be created with many unattractive consequences. Adults aren't the only ones whose jobs consist of computers. Student homework these days is mostly online, computers cut down on essay writing time and grab the attention of students of all ages, @ PERSON4, an eighth grade at @ ORGANIZATION1, is one example. of this dilemma. Each night she has at least three hours of homework and usually one hour for @ CAPS1 requires a computer, however, this is not a problem as @ CAPS1 reduces the time @ CAPS1 takes @ PERSON4 to do her homework. She can quickly type an essay @ CAPS3 or search for a science topic instead of doing @ CAPS1 meticulously slowly using an old-fashioned way. Additionally, computers are doors to the real world, especially for residents of @ LOCATION1. Whether some people like to believe @ CAPS1 or not, @ LOCATION1 is a bit of a lonely area where people aren't aware of what's going on outside of their closed city. Computers spread news like electricity and open the eyes of @ LOCATION1 residents to national and global issues @ PERSON2, another @ ORGANIZATION5 student, says : "@ CAPS4 the earthquake happened in @ LOCATION3 @ CAPS2 friends and I was all having lunch, @ CAPS5 we came back to class @ CAPS2 the teacher was projecting the news through her computer on the whiteboard "@ CAPS6 the computers were removed, a flow of knowledge would be cut off from adults and children. More importantly, computers create communication between friends and family who call to talk to someone is not always an option, so computers are the best choice. Families can log in no matter @ CAPS6 they have cell phone reception or what part of the world they are in, @ PERSON1 is a senior at @ LOCATION1 @ CAPS7 @ ORGANIZATION1 who agrees. "@ CAPS4 I'm going to college next year, I'm going up to @ LOCATION2 and want to be able to talk to family @ CAPS2, by email and instant message, I can contact them even @ CAPS6 that's embarrassing because they don't have to respond right away. " @ PERSON1 brings up a good point that computers are used for the luxury of communication which is vital for maintaining healthy @ PERCENT2 relationships, @ CAPS5 shows @ ORGANIZATION4 a study. In conclusion, computers are an incredible piece of equipment that should be valued, not taken away. They are vital for workers and students and bring news to residents of all corners of the world. Computers also allow friends and family to stay connected and communicate. Therefore, I urge you, readers of @ ORGANIZATION2, to raise your voice on the benefits of computers, so that they are not taken away from our society.
@ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS1 ? Are you there ? "" @ CAPS2, can you hear me ? "You've never had this problem with computers. I understand there is a dispute over the benefits of computers - should we have them to have and advance them, or not ? Well I believe computers are a necessity for the average person. Computers help everyone and make life easier ! Of course there are cell phones and other electronic devices useful, but @ CAPS2 do they always prove to be trustworthy ? Computers are always reliable - whether for homework or some other reason ! Computers allow easy interaction without disruption, they make learning easier, and if you are smart, they're safe. Without computers, who knows where our society would be ? For starters, computers allow people to have conversations with others ... who are on the other side of the world ! a variety of applicatio ns that you can choose @ CAPS2 from, and they're all easy to use. My personal favorite option is the @ ORGANIZATION2 email. I have family myself at @ LOCATION1, which is a whole suite away ! Sure, I could call them, but my phone bill would skyrocket ! How else am I supposed to stay intact with my loved ones ? Do you know how many others are facing the same problem? Thanks to a recent study, @ NUM1 on @ NUM2 families of @ LOCATION2 declare having distant relatives. This is @ PERCENT1 of the @ LOCATION2 population ! Imagine that there was no computer at their disposal. Telephone companies would be rich and ordinary families would live on the streets. Or worse, they would lose all relationship with their family. Do you want that? Computers are easy to access and you @ CAPS2 interact with family, friends or new people. It doesn't get better than that! So which would you choose - lose your family connections or stay in touch through email and computer applications ? If that's not enough, computers make it easier to learn new things and accomplish tasks. I know that as a student of @ PERSON1, other students and I have to type in our homework at least three times a week! Just yesterday I had to type in an answer, a free writing choice, and an entry for a story project. Imagine if we were to go back to using typewriters. Either the homework would not be done, or everyone would have a serious lack of sleep. Both options are unacceptable. Plus, computers are great for research. If you have to research a new country, visit faraway universities, or explore the world, why not visit your handy computer? You could learn which college is right for you without leaving your home. You could visit a new country without leaving the city! Sure, you could read a newspaper, but tell me where did the paper come from? Yes, the trees are killed for them. Computers are a simple and environmentally friendly alternative for you. If these two reasons haven't convinced you, maybe this one will. Most people think that computers are not safe and that @ MONTH1 is partly true. But if you're smart or listen in school like me, you'll know that's not always the case. In our school, we are taught the risks of computers and how to prevent any possible @ CAPS3. I'm sure most schools do. In fact, nine in ten students say that when it comes to security, computers are rated A +. Everyone knows hackers, and therefore we avoid them. My parents even say that for over thirty years they never had a single security problem or risk when using a computer, and neither did I. “@ CAPS3 is only powerful if you let them do it and let them take control,” says @ CAPS4, a subject matter expert. So if it's the security that worries you, then don't. Children of today and tomorrow know what's out there and how to stop the @ CAPS3 miner. So why not recap what we learned today. Are computers useful and the best way to communicate ? Yes they are. What's the best way to learn things now easily? I believe the correct answer is computers. Which is certain even if some do not agree. It wasn't the phones ... no, not the television ... oh yes the computers! I see why you might think no they should be out there let me tell you cell phones and TV will prevent them anyway. At least computers aren't rotting your brain. Well, I've done my part. I support computers, and their advancement. But that's not up to me, is it? No it is not. So please do your part in spreading the word. That's what you should do. You know you want! "
More and more people are using computers, but not everyone agrees that it benefits society. I think those people who think that computers are not for the benefit of society are right. I feel this because people need to start exercising more and interacting with family and friends. Also, should enjoy life. Please read on to read in detail, why I feel this way. First, those who are always on the computer need to exercise more, they need to exercise to stay healthy and strong. If they don't, they'll likely eat more and gain a lot of unwanted fat. Plus, some of them don't even exercise at all. Second, they interact less with their family and friends. These people probably tend to argue with their families because they had to leave the computer. When you fight with people you want to get away from them, so you go back to the computer. It is not healthy to be on the computer for long periods of time at a time. Finally, they should enjoy life. See the world through their own eyes. Party with your friends and family. Go to college and do something with their life. They need to enjoy things as they originally were without a computer, iPod, or even a cell phone. In conclusion, the reasons why I think it is because people need to exercise more and to interact with their family and friends. In addition, they need to enjoy life. Hope you understand why I feel this way.
Dear @ CAPS1, I believe that computers are good for society. This is because computers perform tasks such as helping with research, communicating with others, and providing fun games and websites. Computers are a great source for whatever you're trying to do. Honestly, a @ CAPS2 with no computers, I wouldn't know what to do. Computers are like digital encyclopedias, which contain just about all the information you are looking for. Computers have databases or websites designed for research, just like they do. Say you have a trial for tomorrow and need some quick and valid info, you can just go to @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 which is a computer database. You end up with some known facts to help you with your final project. So you wouldn't have to go that far to research. Communication is another thing that the computer helps. For example, email and @ ORGANIZATION1 are one way to communicate. Email is where you can message and wait for a response, while @ ORGANIZATION1 @ ORGANIZATION1 is where you get responses from @ ORGANIZATION1. The latest innovation in the communicating @ CAPS2 is video chat. This is where the person you are chatting with can hear and see exactly what you are doing. This is useful for families who live a good distance from each other. Computers play many roles and being used for fun is one of them. The @ CAPS5 has many fun game websites such as @ CAPS6.com miniclips.com and @ LOCATION1. These websites help you forget about a bad day. You can also buy computer games for your computer. A very popular game is The @ CAPS7. This game is based on your character and the life you have chosen for him to live this game can take you to the place of mother where all your stress goes away. Thus, computers improve society in different ways. A few include research, communication, and fun. The computer is a much improved tool to enrich one's life. Computers take on difficult tasks and are generally successful. So, computers are really one thing that we need.
Dear local @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, you know that a long period of time spent on technology could lead to cancer ? since they were invented, computers have been perfected more and more years. People, especially children, forget about the risks to physical health. Family and friends and even mental health. Obesity rate jumped to @ LOCATION1, the highest ever. People wouldn't even know the technology is to blame. @ CAPS2 you know that the average @ CAPS3 teenager spends at least @ NUM1 hours on computers ? Think about all the calories that accumulate without exercise. If people could limit their risk of diabetes. Diabetes is one of the most common diseases related to technology in addition to obesity. @ NUM2 @ CAPS4 are diabetic which means we are not at a safe level of health. If you limit computer use to @ NUM3 hours per day and exercise at least @ NUM4 minutes per day, think about your health, you will be healthier, you will have more energy and mental focus, sleep will not be a problem and you will be more physically attractive. Computers also lead to a shattered friendship. cyberbullying is also a problem. @ NUM4 students are cyber bullies. This means the friendship won't show if they spend all day on sanity when they turn on the computer. @ CAPS2 did you know that certain forms of cancer are caused by radiation from technological devices ? Radiation eats away at the brain, causing altsimers and other mental illnesses that blow in old age. Young adults at school have also gotten used to texting. @ PERCENT1 of student text and @ PERCENT2 get used to terrible spelling, it's @ PERCENT3 accidentally writing "through, lazy or even native @ CAPS5 during school". It is the mental if of technology that takes over. As you can see, computers affect health, socialization and even mentality. So don't be part of the problem, please stop the overuse of technology.
Dear People, Computers have been around for a short time and every day more and more people buy computers and everyday people use them. As they are used for entertainment, education, and conversation with distant people, they have had a negative effect on people. Let me explain. First of all, because people use computers in the beginning, they like it. They go to the @ CAPS1, play games and use it for work. But as they continue to use it, they start to get addicted. People are addicted to computers because of games and being able to go to @ CAPS1. In fact, @ PERCENT1 of all the people in this @ CAPS3 who owns an @ CAPS8, is addicted to computers. This percentage is expected to grow to @ PERCENT2 over the next @ NUM1 years. Addiction to computers leads to serious problems. People have died because they spent too much time on the @ CAPS8 without eating or sleeping. In another newspaper not too long ago he said that a student at @ ORGANIZATION1 was dropped for doing so poorly in school. His parent found out that he was addicted to this game "@ CAPS3 of @ CAPS4". This game is currently the most played game on @ CAPS8 in this @ CAPS3. Studies indicate that addiction to @ CAPS8 is almost as serious as addiction to tobacco. My second reason @ CAPS8 negatively affects people is online harassment. People are chatting on @ CAPS5, @ CAPS6, @ CAPS7 and by email and people are intimidated. A friend of mine recently received an email with words that hurt him. Online bullying is worse than interactive bullying. It's because @ CAPS9 you say something about @ CAPS8, people don't know who you are. @ PERSON1, a professor who recently conducted studies on online bullying said, "Online bullying has become more serious than contact to contact bullying. People are more threatened and hear more swear words. that they don't interact. " Online bullying and harassment is going to get worse @ CAPS9 people don't stop. People can also be arrested for writing online. My last reason computers have a negative effect on people is that people spend too much time on computers and don't exercise @ CAPS8 contributes about @ PERCENT3 to overweight people. Everything is much simpler on the @ CAPS8. Instead of posting, you can send an email. You can listen to music instead of going up to the radio and turning it on. You can buy tickets, shop, talk with friends, and have fun just by sitting on a @ CAPS8. But that is why people become overweight and obese. @ PERCENT4 of people who use computers are obese or overweight. People spend less time interacting with friends and family and enjoying nature. In conclusion, computers have a negative effect on people and parents should control the time their child spends on computers. Just because of a @ CAPS8, a lot of problems arise. So @ CAPS9 you think you are addicted, try to plan a schedule for your whole day. Use the @ CAPS8 for an hour and rest before using it again. Addiction, online bullying and being overweight aren't the only problems an @ CAPS8 has, there are plenty more.
Dear Diary, I hear more and more people using computers and I think it's so great because people are talking online with other people. @ CAPS5, they teach you how to use a computer. It gives people the opportunity to learn more about faraway places and people. Computers are the most advanced technology, so it's @ CAPS1 that people use it. I like being in front of the computer all day because I always go into @ CAPS2 and talk online. Example @ CAPS4 some people like to talk to a family member who is not in @ LOCATION1 so they are communicating from the computer. Sometimes I chat online with my cousin at @ LOCATION2 because I'm @ NUM1 and can't see her. So I think talking online or using the computer is important. Example @ CAPS4 same grandmother has @ CAPS3 and she talks online with her family members. I think using the computer is not a bad advantage as it helps you to be in communication with your family or friends. This is why I think people are wrong to say the or is not. Secondly, it teaches you hand-eye coordination, my grandmother is old but the computer and @ CAPS4 for example my grandmother has beautiful hand-eye coordination because when she goes to letters she just pulls it together and all is correct. think computers have an effect on people. It @ CAPS5 helps people write better and better. Example @ CAPS4 that I like and when I write I don't need to go to others I write the king of @ CAPS5 it helps me with my eye and my hand @ CAPS6 this is it which helps you find faraway places and people. Example @ CAPS4 on @ ORGANIZATION1, you find the street you want. Il @ CAPS5 helps you find people on the computer. Example @ CAPS4 if I have a project, I find the information on @ ORGANIZATION1 on people or places. The computer is really useful because you can find pictures of places and information about people. I think it's a positive effect on people. Finally, I think computers are great benefits for society. One of the reasons is that you can talk to people online. @ CAPS5, it teaches you the hand-eye and helps your brain and your eyesight. Il @ CAPS5 helps you with your hand movements. @ The reason for CAPS6 is to give people the opportunity to learn more about distant places and people. Example @ CAPS4 I have a project in @ CAPS7 and need to learn and research forensic pathologist and research everything on the computer. I think computers help your brain to think more and computers are advanced technology. So I think they benefit our society.
I agree that computers have a bad effect on people because they will spend less time exercising. Too much time on the computer takes away knowledge and takes away time with family and friends. So please listen so that @ MONTH1 can explain why I feel this way. My first reason for this is that people will spend less time exercising, which can lead to drowsiness or laziness if you stop exercising. Another reason is that it can affect your ability to run or even get up because @ PERSON1 says that "people who exercise a lot will be able to work, but if you don't, you won't be able to do anything." @ CAPS1 of all that you will miss fun while you will be too lazy to come. My second reason for this situation is that it takes away knowledge. On the one hand, you might forget what you have learned. It takes seconds to turn @ MONTH1 because you couldn't concentrate. @ CAPS1 you @ MONTH1 even forget the people you know even where you live if you spend too much time on the computer. @ CAPS1 The reason for this is that it takes time away from your family and friends.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 a student I believe that computers have many negative effects on people. Most people think of computers as just useful new technology, but there's more to it. There is a lot going on in the cyber world. Computers are very useful in school research, work and other important things, but there are also many negative effects. Nowadays, kids are so attached to their computers most of the day after coming home from school, which means they barely do their homework, projects and important tasks because they are too distracted by the computer. Some parents get tricked by their kids telling them that they are only doing their homework, but the reality is that these days kids meet tons of strangers through social media such as @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3, @ CAPS4, @ CAPS5 @ NUM1, @ CAPS6 and other networks. Once they decide to meet these strangers in person, a lot of things go wrong because not everyone is @ CAPS2 nice @ CAPS2 they seem to @ MONTH1 via the internet. This shows how dangerous it can be for children to use computers so much. people like @ CAPS2 young children, tweens, and teens are able to see many harmful and inappropriate things that anyone their age shouldn't see at all. Another concern is how people spend all day on their computers probably eating any type of junk food and then they don't exercise at all and they gain weight and are not in good physical shape. , which becomes a health problem for children @ CAPS2 age @ NUM2 too older people such as @ CAPS2 age @ NUM3 and much older as well, which turns out to be poor health for people. People who spend most of the day on the computer, they cannot go out and discover new things, exercise, go out with friends, or just have fun and spend time with their family. I also strongly consider that computers or laptops should not be left in a children's room because they lock themselves in their room all day and they even stay awake very late even after midnight then it becomes a real one. problem for children or adults. get up early on @ TIME1 for school or work and are usually late. This pretty much shows how computers are not that good for people all the time. In order for people to be able to use their computers and have a life, they can plan a schedule for using the computer and that could help them a lot.
I believe that people who spend too much time on computers can affect their health and the relationships they have with friends and family. If you're on the computer and a friend asks you to go out, you're more likely to say no because the computer gets your attention more than to go out. It damages your health and your relationship with your friend. If your family is going to the movies for family time, you might be staying because you would be staying at home on the computer. It affects the relationship with your family. Most people would rather stay on the computer than spend time exercising. So it affects your health, because most of the time you are on the computer for a long time, you will end up being hungry and continue to eat and eat and since you are not working out you will put on weight. Now you stop training and keep eating. So since you are not training and your mind is still on the computer, you can get sick. This is why most people are not healthy because of computers. Computers can ruin your relationships with family and friends. Sometimes your friend might ask you to go out or work out and say no because you are on the computer which is disrupting your relationship with your friend. Or your family can have a movie night and you are on the computer while they are away. It is ruining the relationship with your family. Being on the computer, you can go through sleepless nights. I play a really good game on the computer and its time for you to have a rest and since the game is so much fun you can't sleep. Then after a while you get hooked and don't stop playing. So you will not sleep and if you have school you will not be able to concentrate, you will be too busy worrying about the game. This is why computers are not so good. It can spoil your health. I can ruin your social life with your family and friends. You won't get much sleep and you won't be able to concentrate.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 ! Get off this computer, it's @ TIME1. But mom, I don't want to be in the middle of a game. Does this confusion sound familiar to you ? Yes of course. Every child loves to play on the computer. However, noticing that your child is on the computer @ NUM1 is not a good thing. In this area, the experts are definitely right @ PERCENT1 because children and adults are spending too much time on the computer. These people can do other things like exercise more, enjoy nature, and interact with friends and family. Spending too much time on the computer is not healthy. On the flip side, if someone kicks you off the computer, you can still get the six pack you wanted. There are three main things that can get you in shape. First, doing a light run every night on your community track can take your legs from fatigue every time you climb the stairs to legs that are firm and able to run lap after lap just to warm up. Every year my dad takes me to the track at @ DATE1 and times me for @ NUM2 and @ NUM3 yard dash, @ NUM4 meter and mile. Between the months I train until @ DATE2, my dad does another test. I do this training because I play baseball. Weightlifting is another way to get in shape. Some basic exercises are the bench press, squat, and barbell curls. There are more difficult exercises, but I won't go into details. Once you feel great, take all that workout and put it into a sport. Exercising isn't the only thing you can do. Enjoying nature is another option. Just get out if someone kicks you from your computer. Absoarb all about nature. Squirrels in the braid. If you are in winter, enjoy the snow instead of being inside @ NUM1 to play computer games. But if that doesn't work for you, hang out with your family. One thing you can do is go out with your family. Gather your family and plan a trip. You can go to a baseball game, the park or the movies whatever takes you away from this computer. This is in my opinion why I think people should exercise, enjoy nature and spend time with their family instead of being on the computer @ NUM1.
A girl sits next to her computer and does her homework. Another girl with her computer talking to her friends. These girls do activities that make our world more productive. I think computers have a positive effect on people. Computers help people with hand-eye coordination, learn about faraway places, and talk with others online. This is what computers can do to help make our society better. First, the computer can teach us hand-eye coordination. By playing games we can use what we learn in real life. A boy can play football online and then use what he has learned and use it in a real football game. Computer hand-eye coordination can help us learn new things about our society. We could use what we learned to discover new things and help us make the community, as a whole,. These skills can also help us do more things at once. Multitasking is a difficult task and with hand-eye coordination and computers it gets easier. A second productive task that can help us is learning. Some people don't know what's going on in The computer can point us to the news The computer is literally like a huge look of use. Another positive effect that computers have on people is communication. Lots of people have twitter, facebook, myspce, etc. and all of these websites can help. Products like skpe, video chat, goal, and email allow people to have an online conversation. Email is something that there are so many new ideas. You can't just talk, you can do business, send photos, invitations, and announcements. Schools, offices and businesses around the world are using these products and not only does it improve society, but it makes the world a better place. In conclusion, computers have a positive effect on people all over the world. They can help with hand-eye coordination, help you discover distant places, and they help people communicate. This girl doing her homework gets an A and the girl talking on her signs to be with her family.
Dear journal @ CAPS1, I believe that computers and excellent technology benefit society because they can help with hand-eye coordination, it will be an easy way to learn more about distant places and cultures, and will save you money and use your time more wisely. First of all, every person needs eye-hand coordination, if you didn't, you'd either throw a ball the other way around or get punched in the face with it. Computers are also beneficial in children's education, they can help you discover and learn faraway places. For example, if a student is studying @ PERSON3 @ LOCATION1 in his class @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3, @ PERSON1 in @ CAPS4 class or maybe @ PERSON2 in the music class, instead of pulling out the old dusty biography book, he would be easier to look at on a search engine. Finally, the computer benefits parents who work daily or stay at home because if you need to get in touch quickly with a person or a company, you do not have to take the risk of looking in the phone book. and the person or business isn't in it, just go to @ NUM1.com type in a last name or business name so you're all set. Moreover, if your kid is a nuisance by shouting and running around the house, you can just set it up with educational game so that you can finish your housework. These are three of the most important reasons I think computers benefit society. These are hand-eye coordination, learning techniques, and saving time for everyday people.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, I think computers have a bad effect on people for three reasons. One, they can really hurt your eyes, two, not sure if you have small children in your house. Finally three, you will never see your family or friends if you are on the computer. The first reason was that computers have such a bad effect on people is that they can really hurt the eyes. If you are still looking at a computer screen all the time, you can go blind. And if you have bad eyes, you can seriously injure your head just by hurting your eyes. The second reason why computers have such a bad effect on people is not sure if you have small children at home. Like you can watch an adult movie that little kids are not old enough to see if it can have a bad effect And it has a bad effect on people because you won't have one and if you have a small child in your house he always will be and he will probably hear something really, really childish like music, @ CAPS3 if you have a children's home. are still on the computers you will miss the And you will never see and @ CAPS3 a rent on the computers. @ CAPS3 what you watch And keep the little child with you in the house. And finally, get off the computer and go see your family and friends.
Computers are a key component of business, education and recreation today and benefit our society. First of all, you can get better education by learning from them, it is also a great way to communicate with people. Finally, it's even the teacher's hand-eye coordination that you could use in your day-to-day life. My first point is that you can get better education using them. For example, the social science textbooks we use at our school always refer to @ LOCATION3 as @ LOCATION1. Computers are a great way to get up-to-date information about the world. “ With our obsolete textbooks, @ CAPS1 is our first resort for information. » @ CAPS2 @ PERSON2 eighth grade teacher. With computers, you can explore remote places without learning from the comfort of your own home. Besides getting a great education from them, computers are a form of eye communication. I remember when I was in class @ NUM1 and my dad was around the world on a business trip. Our phones couldn't call long distance, so we relied on computers to communicate with each other. It helped me get over my father's absence. When you use a computer to communicate, you also save money. "You can save more than @ MONEY1 per year. When you use @ CAPS1 to communicate through a cell phone." @ CAPS2 @ PERSON1, electronics expert. Finally, the use of a computer increases hand-eye coordination. With all the typing you do on a keyboard, your manual dexterity increases second by second. In fact, "@ PERCENT1 of computer users are more coordinated throughout their day, unlike people who do not own a computer." @ CAPS3 a recent pole on time @ LOCATION2. And nowadays hand-eye coordination is a necessity. Besides, wouldn't you like to have the possibility of working your hands without having to look at them? As you can see, computers would benefit society and all who use them. They are a great benefit that @ CAPS4 needs for their education and business. Thanks for listening.
Dear @ CAPS1, people love computers, @ CAPS2 is a known fact. They look a lot like a dry, addicting and irresistible one. Despite what people believe, computers are very good for our daily life. You can communicate, play @ ORGANIZATION1, listen to music, watch movies, even learn a language on computers. So in all respects the computer is anything but bad. @ ORGANIZATION1 are fun. They help us relax. In today's age, @ ORGANIZATION1 just doesn't give people the joy they experienced when they were younger. Computer @ ORGANIZATION1, they are the replacement. Imagine playing baseball with a friend who lives miles from you, while still a kid at @ LOCATION1, or on your sporting adventure. The computer @ ORGANIZATION1 has crossed the border giving you a higher level or "You have mail". Many people hear this phrase more than once a day. By many I mean millions. @ CAPS2 an alert that someone has emailed you. @ CAPS4 are messages. Sent via @ CAPS7, faster than any service. Instead of waiting @ NUM1 days for a letter, within minutes you can send a message to your friends. Microsoft @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4, and other electronic messaging systems are a superior form of communication, these allow us to speak to the world! Although it sounds silly, @ CAPS5 that you wanted to message anyone with a message box. Let's say you went to see a certain movie, but you don't own it. With a computer with a dose reader, you can watch any @ CAPS6. Best of all, you can download the available multimedia movies @ CAPS7, allowing you to watch them with the click of a mouse. Computers are full of gadgets and accessories that make our lives easier. @ ORGANIZATION1, movies, @ CAPS4 anything you are probably not on a computer. These are the perfect tolls in modern society.
Dear @ CAPS1 : Some people think that computers are good for society. However, others think they are consuming too much. For me, I believe that computers help society. Computers teach hand-eye coordination, empower people, and even allow the computer to chat online with other people. I bet your job requires you to use a computer, you probably even have a personal computer that you like to use to chat with friends. I do this all the time and I love it. Another thing I love is sports. One of my favorite sports is softball. In softball you need to have hand eye coordination, this will help you hit the ball more accurately. When a pitcher throws the ball you need to have the bat at the right angle and watch the ball to know when to swing if the kids used computers and got good at hand-eye coordination then maybe more kids would join a team. local athlete, and maybe even join the travel team. Do you like to travel? I do, and that's why I find out about places before I go there, and that's by researching that particular place on the internet. About three years ago I went on vacation to @ LOCATION1. I wanted to know what it was like there because I had never been there before, so when I searched I found that they had many tourist attractions and "packages" that let you swim with the dolphins I was very excited to go and when I did I had a bias, and to think if I hadn't researched it I wouldn't have known what kind of things fun they had! No wonder so many people love computers! One of the main reasons I love computers is that I can chat with my friends online. One of the main attractions online is @ CAPS2, everyone, mostly, has one. Some people have one because they like to look at pictures. I have one because I like to chat with my friends. One evening, I was chatting with a friend, we were laughing while having a good time, then she reminded me that we had science homework the next day! I thanked her and then I finished my work. You see if kids chatting online with their friends can remind them of important necessities like homework. It might improve @ PERCENT1's grades ! So now you see why society needs computers, and if you've forgotten, let me remind you: computers teach you hand-eye cordiation, let you learn about faraway places and people, and now allow you to chat online. Think about what society would be like without computers.
Dear local newspaper, Have you ever used a computer? More than @ PERCENT1 of the population Computers benefit society and have made people all over the world smarter and more advanced. Computers help people learn things to stay in touch with family and friends ! They @ MONTH1 are also a bit addicting, but people know when to stop. Computers have come a long way! Computers are a wonderful tool for new things. Excellent websites, eg search engines, the very @ CAPS1 dictionary virtually encourage all of us to discover the tropical "riches" of @ LOCATION1. By giving people easy access to tools that help us gain knowledge, computers can become more advanced in many of our lives. For example, thanks to the computer, a scientist can develop new theories to discover things ! Computers also have websites and programs that can help you not want family and friends ! “ I had the last contact with a lot of my friends from high school, ” says @ PERSON1 “ the computer via email and Facebook is a great way to keep in touch with them ! » Computers of websites, including facebook and myspace, that can help people stay in touch / find family and friends. I realized that a lot of people would live long, that if they couldn't internet, they would live friends. But with the help people are alive and happy, including with friends ! Although the computer is good for this, they @ MONTH1 are addictive. I have people who @ MONTH1 may have a computer addiction. But on the other hand, they think that if he can make their decisions in what is right. If people want to spend countless hours sitting in front of glowing technology, so be it. Not a single person. Computers anyone this is simply unconstitutional. Most people, including, understand that computers are a great and beneficial source of technology. @ NUM1 on @ NUM1,000 people around the world are addicted to computers. There, from the little one, we know that computers are designed to become addicting. In conclusion, computers have a positive effect on people. They teach help to stay in touch and are not addictive. Hence, they are very beneficial for the world, its people and its technology.
If you ask me, computers will soon become a big problem in our lifestyles. Computers are just another piece of hardware that everyone owns and seems to benefit from, but they're not @ CAPS1. This technology takes away people's freedom and will and they don't even notice @ CAPS1. It's pretty clear to me that things need to change. For starters, the computer is yet another distraction in our daily life. I think it's safe to admit that we don't need @ CAPS1. Distractions like these keep us from doing the things we need to do, like exercising. Everyone wants to lose the extra weight, but they can '@ CAPS1 because they want to check out the website or talk to their friends. So that's pretty much a lazy distraction. Would you really want to give up your health because of something so materialistic? If we keep clicking, more than @ PERCENT1 of the fit and healthy population will become obese. I think we need to reform this problem quickly. Like not promoting websites on so many @ CAPS1.V networks, or having a week off the computer, anything that will get people to enjoy the outdoors the way they should. To continue, have you ever found yourself asking your kids how to use the computer ? Can't you see how sad it is? Our future leaders are already glued to games, e-mail and instant messaging on the net. It is clear that they are already spending too much time online. This is a worrying fact, because every year more and more children participate in their schoolwork less and less because they have better things to do like chatting with their friends or watching funny videos online. It's scary because these children are our future leaders. It is a critical time in their life. They need to learn things now so that their future is hanging by a thread. Instead of making a habit of going online every day, why not make a habit of trying to do all of your homework every night? Things in children's lives have to change before they pay for it later in life. To sum up, a lot of things about our lifestyles need to change. Whether in school work or losing weight. So I think it would be better to remove or reduce our use of the computer to reduce distraction and more in life without having our world revolve around a click.
Proven by @ PERSON2 the best major @ CAPS1 on @ PERCENT1 some children have either desktops, laptops, or some type of internet access. What do you think of it? Well, computers take people (like kids) time and don't let them do their jobs. In addition, the computer not only allows people to talk to their friend, but it also causes bullying @ CAPS5. Finally, @ CAPS1 also makes parents more stressed because they have to pay another bill for the Internet. Nowadays, kids come home, change and connect directly to the computer, and start talking to friends and listening to music. I remember when my friend @ CAPS3 would come home, change food and log directly inside the computer. As the days passed towards the end of the year, she noticed that she had two issues. She was gaining weight and failing all of her classes. She noticed that there was no need to use the computer so for the next mouth and a half she cut her time on the @ CAPS1 did her homework and started it made me believe that children have @ CAPS1. Proved by @ PERSON3 the bully syber that more than @ PERCENT2 children bully a syber or @ CAPS5 bully someone. All of this happens when children are unsupervised or bored and pick on someone. What should we do, people ask @ PERSON1 and she says please remove @ CAPS1. I remember when I read the story of the one year old girl on newchannels.com and it was @ CAPS5 being bullied but never. This shows that children all over the world can be bullied at any time.
Dear local newspaper, Computers are a waste of time! People who say they are helpful are just using it as an excuse. Some people say they are good for research and for talking to people. You can do both of these things without a computer. Computers are just a waste of money, hampering your lifestyle. People spend hours on computers talking to people. You don't need to do this. You can use a phone instead and call them. After a study, they proved that talking on the phone is cheaper than using the computer. In this economy, why wouldn't you want to save money while getting the same thing on a computer, you're not really talking to the person you're just typing a word in. it can be very dangerous. Who knows if the person talking to you is really who you think you are. Why take the risk when you can just use a phone! Using the computer is like smoking. It's very addicting! People sit on computers for hours every day and don't exercise. If you just move your hand, you're not really burning calories. This is a huge problem! Obesity is already increasing with the number of fast food places and computers are making it more efficient. And the worst part is that parents don't care, some kids go to the computer for @ NUM1 hours a day and then parents don't encourage them to go out. Children need origins to start spinning, otherwise they will never start and they will grow up. We need to get a group together to help stop this or before you do, no @ PERCENT1 from @ LOCATION1 will be obeyed. Another excuse that computer enthusiasts make is that they say they are researching a country. Even if this @ MONTH1 is true, there are other ways to do it. Why not go to the library by bike and buy a book about the country. By doing this, you will burn calories and learn the same things that you would on the computer. Moreover, not everything is true on the internet, so you might get some false information. By getting yourself a book, you know it's true. People who love computers will never walk away from them overnight, it takes a month or two for MONTH 1, but if we act in new ways we can make a change and put a stop to it. Computers are a waste of money. You can live without them very easily, and without them the world would be a better place. People are lazy and use excuses to explain why they need a computer. If you're stuck on a computer for @ NUM1 hours a day, you'll never have family memories. All you will remember is when you were on the computer, and who wants it.
Dear journal @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 you think children are spending too much time on the computer. The problem is, @ CAPS2 computers have good effects on people, or bad. I firmly believe that they have bad effects on people. I believe so because people spend more time on the computer than they exercise @ CAPS2. Another reason is that people argue that it teaches hand-eye coordination, just like sports and simple play. My last reason is that people argue that it is something that helps you learn more about people. and faraway places, but @ CAPS2 books the same. I know a lot of people think that the computer has good effects, but the truth is, they have bad effects. First, people spend more on the computer than on exercise @ CAPS2. People prefer to stay indoors and play internet games, then go out and play cat or some other sport. At a conference it was said that “In @ LOCATION1 people have a lot more weight”, and it was also said that the number of people over weight in the world is the of @ LOCATION2. ”I so think people should get computer and exercise. Second, people think it teaches hand-eye coordination, but so @ CAPS2 sports. Instead of being on the computer to learn hand-eye. You could be outside to learn hand-eye co-ordination. Again, instead of just sitting in front of the computer run around having fun while you learn hand-eye co-ordination. My last reason is that people argue that people use it to find out about faraway places and people, but they also have books for that. People prefer to look for stuff on the computer, but like as soon as they finish starting to play games or on the computer.In addition, certain information can be nt even not be true. Because people are hacking sites all the time and changing things, but you can't hack a book. The only thing you can @ CAPS2 to change it is tear off pages and that just wastes your money on a new book. So I think the books are more reliable. Now is the time to make your choice. @ CAPS2 computers have good or bad effects. I believe that computers have a bad effect on people. There are other things you might learn about remarkable hand-eye coordination and other interesting sources about a place other than the computer. Most importantly, people should spend more time exercising their @ CAPS2 on the computer. Now, it's time for you to go ahead and get this on the front page of your journal and let the world know about it.
Dear @ LOCATION1, I am writing this letter to give you my thoughts on the effects of computers on people. My opinion is that computers have a positive effect on people. The first reason is that they provide the opportunity to learn more about people and places in the world. Another reason is that computers bring unity to the nation and even to the world. The last reason is that it can help you get organized and find a job. Now I will move on to give more details on my first reason. When I have a school project on a famous person or somewhere in the world, I know that the computer will give me more information than a book. If I'm doing the project in one location and want to know how far away is where I live or the weather in that location, all I have to do is type it in a search engine and the computer will give me a bunch of sites that will answer my question. Now if you can't draw a picture for your biography project go to a search engine and type the name of the person you do and don't try to type pictures or photos and you will see a bunch of photos of that person. Now I will move on to my second reason. Computers bring unity to the nation and to the world, for example, think of these social networks like @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 and @ CAPS3, these networks contain millions of people you can talk to. And what about the webcam @ ORGANIZATION1, where you can talk to the person face to face. Just recently there were earthquakes at @ LOCATION2 and @ LOCATION3, you can spread the news to your family members or friends to tell them to support and help those in need. Now I will move on to my last reason. Computers are everywhere, there is never a job without a computer. This means that you have to know how to work with computers to get a job that can be.
Dear @ LOCATION1 @ CAPS1, computers have recently been seen as a distraction and unusual device. Personally, I think they have a lot to offer for everyone, each one helps us and understands things and topics that we couldn't understand before. Also, computers are now sad to make people lazy or physically unfit, but it depends on the person. They could easily go play and talk with their family and friends if they wanted. Computers also do not become an important and learning element, which makes information easier than before. The most popular and most common of a computer now is communication. Websites are invented on the main idea of communicating. Computers are an important part of future life which is neither harmful nor unnecessary. Recently we have been able to use computers in so many useful ways. Learn and study new and important things. Research and data collection to cure a desire to work on a machine. They are now an important and useful part of the jobs that people have now. Almost everything that was posted or shown to the public went through a computer. So people's jobs on computers work and learn. Like a job, you print a piece of paper every week or even every day. You use computers to edit and collate your paper before printing. So, it's important that people have basic computer skills for the new and routine jobs that you see every day. It is also said that computers take too long and are unhealthy for a person. Computers are an optional thing that people can use in their spare time. The person could go out and see their friends and family. Go to the gym, vacation without a computer. Yes, they are fun to use, they have a lot of stuff to do, it is not necessary like air or water. You can live without using a computer for us for a week. You can go for a walk, read a book, hang out with your family, and you won't be pressured for computer time. If this worries you, take a break for a while. You can do things without a computer. Learning with computers is one thing lately, in @ CAPS2 they go to the computer lab to learn to read or other programs. Study or write an essay in my classroom mainly. Research for a class and realization of a project. Computers are useful in school. You also read new topics and learn new things on computers, which can help you in your classes or. The biggest use of computers now is for communication through many websites like youtube, facebook, myspace and many more. They allow people to communicate their ideas and opinions. Talk to your distant friends and family without a high phone bill. See politics and daily weather news. Almost all means of communication can be done with a computer. So now you see that computers are a vital and useful technology that we have at our fingertips. It is not unhealthy or time consuming unless you allow your computer to be used for it.
Letter to @ CAPS1 I disagree with the so called "experts" who claim that computers could have negative effects on people. The idea that you socialize less with your family and friends is a pathetic argument. Social networking sites like @ CAPS2 or @ CAPS3 allow @ CAPS22 with all your @ CAPS4 friends and other online games help you meet new people who might be hundreds of miles away from you! Twitter is useful when you just want to say something quick like “@ CAPS5 to @ LOCATION1”. @ CAPS18 lets you talk to friends, comment on and subscribe to their videos, plus hours of entertainment at no cost. Computers can also provide fun games and entertain users. There are many free games, like @ PERSON1, which offer endless possibilities. @ PERSON1 @ PERSON1 (made by @ CAPS6) claims to be the most popular @ CAPS7 (@ CAPS8 @ CAPS9 Online @ CAPS10-playing @ CAPS11) on the web. You can improve your combat skills : attack, defense, strength, distance and magic. Or you can improve skills like chopping wood, prayer, farming, fishing, mining, and cooking. @ PERSON1, like most @ CAPS4, has quests, with varying difficulty. For example, for one quest you have to kill a demon, but for another you just need to find a missing cat. There are more than @ NUM1 quests, and there are never less than @ NUM2 people playing at the same time. Some other notable @ CAPS13 games are @ ORGANIZATION1 @ CAPS14 : @ CAPS15, @ CAPS16 from @ CAPS17, @ ORGANIZATION2, @ LOCATION2 and @ ORGANIZATION1. As you can see, the computer has an impressive list of @ CAPS11 entertaining for all ages, not to mention sites like @ CAPS18 or addicting games. Computers don't really affect exercise. It's a personal choice, so you have to choose between @ CAPS2 or the basketball court. This is like saying that before I had computers or @ CAPS11 video consoles, an @ CAPS20 card prevented children from exercising. The computer doesn't really stop us from exercising. It is our mind that does it, and our judgment. If you have bad judgment, you'll be inside all day tweeting and @ CAPS21. With a good, strong mind and willpower, you can overcome a bad decision and play sports or go to the gym. All it takes is good judgment. Just to recap what I said, @ CAPS22 is a lot on computers and there is a lot of choice on how to do it. There are many sites that amuse us, and we should use them. Not to mention that you can buy games like @ CAPS16 from @ CAPS17 or @ ORGANIZATION1 @ CAPS14 : @ CAPS15 for your @ CAPS13 ! Computers don't really get in the way of exercise, all it takes is good judgment to get up from that chair and exercise.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3, @ CAPS4 having everything man knows at your fingertips. @ CAPS4 have an endless source of information in your own home. Wouldn't you want all of this all the time? The question then is, do computers have any positive effects on people? I firmly believe that computers benefit society. First, computers teach you hand-eye coordination. The main way is to type. As you type, you start to look at the keys but eventually memorize all of the key locations. Additionally, computer games teach hand-eye coordination. If you weren't looking at the screen, would it be possible to win the game? When computers teach you hand-eye coordination, you can use it for other things as well. For example, you definitely need it in sports or more. More specifically, baseball. If you didn't have good hand-eye coordination, you wouldn't be able to catch the ball or hit the ball when you swing. Hand-eye coordination is very important. Second, computers give people the opportunity to learn about places and people. When people decide when to go on vacation, they go online. What to do. Why would you want to travel to a place where you are back. Many use the Internet to conduct research in other countries. When the eighth grade reported his information. Eighty-seven percent of the Internet. Finally; some people say that computers take away interaction with family and friends, but computers actually allow you to talk with other family members and friends around the world. Wouldn't it be great to be with your loved ones in another country state? The main means of online communication is @ CAPS5-mail or @ CAPS6 @ CAPS7. These allow you to message someone faster and easier. It is much easier to remember someone @ CAPS5-mail address than it is a phone that just talks, when you can actually see the person? It would be like they were in the room with you. Computers are a great way to talk to someone. Why wait any longer? Computers are a great way to hone your hand-eye coordination skills. You can search faraway people and places to see what life is like in the world. Most importantly, you can communicate with your family and friends online via @ CAPS8, @ CAPS5-mail or @ CAPS10. Computers definitely benefit society. So go and share this information with other people to convince them that computers are good.
Computers don't have a negative effect on people. They keep you in touch with your family, help you work for school, also allow you to play video games and search for music. Computers can keep you with your family and friends. Find places to live. How they are doing and what have they done. It lets you send emails and lets you see friends who have moved far away. Computers also help you work for school. They help you find answers to questions a teacher might ask. They help you write reports or general reports on any topic. In addition, there are many sites that you can access ; to help you with a book. The sites could also take you to your school's website. That way, if you've forgotten your work at home, you've got a place to check. Even if you were away, most of the papers I interview are on the Internet so you can complete your homework. Another common thing on computers is watching movies. More like an old movie or a new version. Computers also do the same for music. Anything from @ CAPS1 to @ CAPS2 at country and back can be. or new shows and music @ CAPS3 to find. Video games are also popular. Lots of people play it because; people can friends. Talk to friends they haven't seen for a long time. They should not be bored. If it's raining and nothing to do with the games here. And if you did mention it, there will always be someone there to listen to you and maybe become your friend. Computers are therefore not a waste. They can keep you in touch, your new friends can get rid of everything that is wanted in shows, music and movies @ CAPS4.
Dear local newspaper, I think it would be best for people to go out to exercise and enjoy nature to interact with family and friends. If you go out with your family and friends, maybe more teens and adults would be fitter and healthier. Say we jump out of bed, go have breakfast, and go to the park to do a growth with your family and friends. I think a lot of family and friends spend way too much time on computers or their laptops because if they're on the computer for too long, they won't want to go out and poop themselves. their friends. More and more people are using the computer. But not everyone agrees with this statement. What I think would be better to work it out and have everyone go out and get some fresh air with family and friends. But some people don't think it's the right thing to do. People who believe that those who support technological advancements believe that computers have a positive effect on people. Well I don't think that's the way to go because you have to go out to get it. Freshair with the people. But if you want to go to the computer you can, but I think it should only be for a little while because some people have a discomfort that they have to work on when they are at work. Sometimes people have to work on their computers every day, so if that's the case I think they should be allowed to use the lab or the computer. But if you are a teenager, you should only continue if you need to internet or write an article. But if you just keep talking to a friend, it's a waste of someone's life. Well, at least it's my life. I think as a teenager you should be working on studying on doing your homework instead of being on the computer because I think it would be best to make sure your grade doesn't make you fail in your favorite school in life. That is why it is better to make sure that you are not on the computer all the time talking to your friends on the computer all day, as it might make you a failure in life. I'll just keep talking to your friends for a bit. This is why I think it is not fair to spend all your time on the computer. Jump outside and aim for the outside time with friends and family members. I hope the teens and adults will come out now, because it would be better for all of us and everyone would be healthy. If they sort this program. If you try this program it will really work for all of you, rest assured that it will work and you will be healthy and not feeling bad about yourself.
Dear who @ MONTH1 is concerned, I know that anyone who does not use computers is why people are affected by computers. Well i think the computer is better than the newspaper, on the newspapers you can find the news sure, but the weather, houses for sale, TV casting, jobs and the like the same as @ CAPS1 but instead it's virtual. It benefits society for some reason it depends. Sometimes computers can have negative effects on people, but they also teach people to read, write, type, learn, and more. What i'm talking about we can talk to others we can see pictures of people we can't google things we don't need it helps when they need to find their way around the mapquest . A negative problem with having computers with internet, some websites that cannot age. The kids are on the website their parents don't fight, looking for boys they meet on @ CAPS1, People Dying Making Plans with Someone the Day After Person's Missing. I think if the experts take away the computers the kids must be angry and upset and there won't be anything else to do but play video games and go outside and those are my opinions.
Computers are useful in everyone's life. New things can be learned from them. They can provide a way to contact others. And they make writing a lot easier. Overall, they have a good effect on the world. Technology allows everyone to explore new topics. If anything is typed in @ ORGANIZATION1, the results will appear within seconds. Click on it and the necessary information is displayed. The computer is also useful for research papers. The Internet allows for a more elaborate final draft. Learning benefits a grade at school or at work. It is always good to be able to contact someone who is wanted. With the computer, people are able to @ CAPS1, talk on @ CAPS2, or even talk to a loved one on a webcam. On @ CAPS2, pictures should be added so that anyone who was unable to attend an event can now see what it looked like. Computer-connected webcams allow people to talk face-to-face with someone else they may not have seen in months. These are all great examples of why computers have a positive impact on the human race. Writing documents can be a difficult and time consuming task. On the computer, it is possible to type words and not have to take out the eraser for a spelling mistake. These are retrieved by spell checking. This way, no points are deducted for spelling mistakes. Sometimes folks @ MONTH1 have sloppy writing. These difficulties can all be solved by a typing program on the computer. Therefore, computers must have a positive effect on people. They teach new things. They allow people to get in touch with others who are far away. They can also facilitate the classification of a paper. This concludes that computers benefit the society we live in today.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1, it has come to my attention that on a beautiful sunny day like this someone would like to be inside. The sad truth is, too many people waste their time indoors on their computers, rather than enjoying the day. Computers negatively affect the @ LOCATION1 @ LOCATION1 population. We are coming to a point where our whole world could go completely crazy if nothing is done about it. On the one hand, @ LOCATION1 has the most obese children in the world. In general, children should run around to burn their calories; even some people in their teens should do it. Instead, kids sit in front of computer screens on their virtual games and emails, etc. Even doing chores around the house could lower obesity rates much more than sitting on your butt staring at a screen all day. The whole screen brings me to my next point. Watching those blinking lights for too long is not good for your brain, which is what computers cause @ NUM1 to @ NUM2 kids a year. Radioactivity in a computer could also mess you up a lot giving you cancer, with no cure for cancer, but you have to understand that anytime you are on that computer for too long you are putting your life in danger. The longer you are on, the more radiation goes to your brain. Do you really want to shorten your life knowing that you are the one who did it to you it could almost qualify as suicide because if you are reading this you have been warned. So we've basically covered the physical effects of computers on your body. The computer can also affect you mentally and socially. When @ DATE1 arrives you will have all the time in the world to be on the computer, but did you know that during the holidays you lose @ PERCENT1 of everything you learned in school. Computers have been proven to cause memory loss. What if you go back to school and can't keep up with what's going on, frustrating isn't it? If you had just read a book while on the computer, you might have been able to gain knowledge rather than use it. Computers can affect you socially because not everyone wants to sit inside the computer, so while people are having fun you will be on your own, lonely, with no one to talk to except one. computer, would you like a computer to be your only friend? The debate on this topic could rage for days and still have no winner, but in all fairness when you go to turn that computer on, do you think, is it really worth it ? Think about how much you would lose, how much you could never get back, or would you rather do something that you would gain in the future. It's your choice, but be responsible enough to make the one that would benefit you.
Dear Editor, Computers are becoming more and more common in @ LOCATION1. People spend too much time on computers instead of other activities, an effect which is not beneficial to society. Because of computers, people lacked exercise, missed enjoying nature and other parts of the world, and forgot to interact with family and friends. Computers should be used in moderation and not instead of other important events in our life. First of all, computer users exercise much less than those who do not use computers. According to a survey conducted by @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 only @ PERCENT1 of computer users reported exercising at least once a week. In contrast, @ PERCENT2 of non-computer users (infrequent computer users) reported exercising at least once a week. Can you imagine what it would be like if everyone were a loyal computer user? Almost everyone is reportedly overweight, lethargic from lack of sleep from hours spent on the computer, and abnormal. Exercise is an essential part of everyone's life, and lack of it can be bad for your health. Hopping off the computer and exercising instead would make the country healthier and fitter. Computers not only prevent people from exercising, but they also prevent people from enjoying nature and other parts of the world. By traveling to @ CAPS1 and to places unknown to the world, one can discover and experience other cultures. Going the internet @ MONTH1 is a decent way to learn about other places, but feeling the vibe and environment of a foreign place allows for a much deeper understanding of another place. For example. when i went to @ LOCATION2 for vacation i learned about the differences in traditions and culture. I have seen the separation between the poor and the rich as I gaze from the humble sharks along the river to the grand and elegant buildings scraping the sky. It was an experience that I couldn't meet on a computer. People should be able to appreciate the wonders and differences of the world not on a small computer screen, but through the screen of their eyes. Finally, computers prevent people from interacting with their family and friends. From my personal experiences, I tend to ignore friends and family. Talking, playing and generally socializing with others is an essential part of everyone's life. Without this basic necessity, people cannot be happy. In summary, computers should not be used excessively. This type of use could be interpreted by people exercising less, not fully experiencing the world, and having close interaction with friends and family. To create a better country and nation, the people of @ LOCATION1 @ LOCATION1 should make an effort to reduce computer use.
Dear Journal I think computers have a positive effect on people, here are my reasons. You can get in touch with people, if you have a question you can search for it and you can do your work on a computer. I think these reasons will make you positive too. A lot of people love computers and have one. My first reason is that you can get in touch with your friends and family. I think this is a good reason because if your grandma lives at @ LOCATION2 you don't want to drive there every time you want to see her when you live at @ LOCATION1. You would use the computer to live chat with her so you don't have to drive the whole doun there. If you wanted, you could set aside a day to go see her. You would use a computer to make contact with friends. If you needed to ask them a question about homework, they could answer it. This is my number one reason why computers have such a positive effect on people. My second reason is if you have a computer you can search for questions that you would have. If you needed to know something for a big report and neither of your friends are up, you can search your computer. Computers can help you a lot if you need an answer. If you didn't have a computer, you would be so difficult to do things. That's why I think the computer can answer your questions. My third reason is that you can work on a computer. If you are a stay at home mom, you can work on the computer to manage finances. Many people work on the computer to save the environment. When I grow up I'll probably be working on the computer because it's easier. This is why I think you can work on the computer. The reason I chose is that you can get in touch with your family and friends, you can search for any question you might have, and you can work on a computer. Hope you have a positive way on the computers they help you. People might think that they aren't your brain, that they don't help you and don't know you. Lots of people love and have one. I think you should have a positive attitude on computers too.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 people at my school sit at their computers after school. They don't go out and enjoy nature. Visit with family and friends or even get some exercise. People at @ CAPS2 are affected by this. Going outside can enrich your knowledge, you can take a walk in the woods. When you are out for a walk you @ CAPS2 will find new and interesting species. Plus, when you are outdoors, you can play with your friends or siblings. @ CAPS2 times in neighborhoods where there are a lot of children, you can start a game of baseball. You can also build new things. You can find a big tree and build a tree house or a swing with your family. Getting outside leaves you with a lot of fun activities. When children are sitting at the computer, they do not interact with their family or friends. During @ DATE1 you can go to the beach with your friends. It will cool you down without having to pay for an air conditioner. You @ MONTH1 also find the opportunity to go to a different state for the day. Or you could go across the country to see your sick grandmother or your newly named cousin. Going on a picnic will give you time to meet new people. You can invite friends and ask them to bring a new friend for the whole group to get together. You'll also have a lot of tasty food and who wouldn't want that? Going to places with your family and friends can be a wild experience worth it. @ PERCENT1 of children chose to go to the computer rather than exercise. Children will become overweight. When on the computer @ CAPS2, the children will eat. Eating for hours every day is not a good idea. You can go out for your school's basketball team or run cross-country distances. Once you're on the team, you'll make new friends and exercise for the day. When you are part of a team and exercising you will learn Life Skills @ CAPS2. You will learn the benefits of working as a team and on your own. So, exercising is a very important role in your life. Why choose the computer? You wouldn't be able to enjoy the outdoors. Or hang out with your family and friends. You would become overweight and unhappy. So, don't choose the computer, choose another activity!
To @ CAPS1 @ CAPS6 @ MONTH1 concern: @ CAPS2 I have been informed that you have the idea that more and more people are using computers, but not everyone agrees that it benefits the society. I totally disagree, I think computers have a positive effect on people. Computers teach hand-eye coordination, give people the opportunity to learn more about @ CAPS3 and faraway places, and even allow people to talk online with friends or family. Don't you want your kids to grow up with excellent hand-eye coordination ? More than @ PERCENT1 parents voted yes. As many statistics show, adults and children who use the computer for an hour or more per day have better hand-eye coordination than a normal adult or child who only uses @ CAPS6 once a day. week. By using the computer for more than an hour a day, your typing becomes faster and your reactions increase. Not only does faster typing affect your computer skills, @ CAPS6 also helps you outside your home, such as in sports. For example, if you play baseball your pitch speed will increase by more than @ PERCENT2 if you use the computer for more than an hour a day ! If you are a batsman your field run will also increase by over @ PERCENT2 ! Just using the computer. Time is running out for your @ CAPS3 project to do ? Without computers, you wouldn't get the information you need fast enough. Dr. @ DR1 from @ ORGANIZATION1 says "You can get the same information about people from other countries and @ CAPS3 from the computer as you can. Using the computer you get it like a book and easily . Moreover, you have to buy books to get their information unlike computers where they don't look for you and are expensive, don't settle for less, get the best! Touch. By having a computer, you can chat with them. via your webcam! Instead of calling or emailing them, you can chat with them and still see them in the flesh! Several computer owners say, “@ CAPS5 like your hanging out with them !” @ CAPS6 takes at least @ NUM1 days to receive letter or email from them if they live far away with computers @ CAPS5 instant ! Wouldn't you like to talk to your friends and family everyday instead of waiting for a call, e-mail or on to be ? I think so. All in all, having computers is a great investment. I also want to point out that without computers you couldn't talk online with your friends / family, get better hand-eye coordination or even learn more about @ CAPS3 with just one click ! Isn't that what you want?
Dear Newspaper Editor, Have you ever worked on an article or read something and there is that word you have never heard before? And you just can't figure it out? Where a computer can help. Yes, some people waste all of their time online, but they have issues. Computers help us with all our school projects and do research. You can @ CAPS3 reconnect with old friends that you haven't seen in years, learned a lot of good things with the internet and computers. First of all, we wouldn't be able to do some of the things we do without computers. @ CAPS1 us school projects, I use the word @ ORGANIZATION1 and powerpoint all the time. Our teachers prefer that we do this instead of handwriting anything. Getting information on the computer is so much faster and easier I mean the time it would take you to search for the word "elephants", the encyclopedia is probably @ NUM1 times more than it takes in Google. Plus, it's been about @ NUM2 1 / @ NUM2 seconds that Google calls all millions of websites, which is "elephants". Another reason computers are so beneficial is that you can reconnect with old friends that you haven't seen or spoken to in years. You can @ CAPS3 meet new @ CAPS1 with us and Facebook in particular that's three things and there are websites like Twitter where you can follow celebrities and @ CAPS2 computers and internet give great information to people. Some kids take @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 online which gets around computers to really have a choice. So in conclusion, computers can be very beneficial in letting people I know, it's not a good thing to just sit there all day and play computer games, but we just let things be done, like school projects or any project really. It's @ CAPS3 nice to meet someone you haven't spoken to in a while sometimes. We have learned a lot of good things from the internet. Hope you consider my opinion.
Dear editor @ ORGANIZATION2 source, @ CAPS1, I have noticed that a lot of people spend too much time using their computers. It is something that must stop because it matters the health, safety and education of people. To open my statements, abusing @ ORGANIZATION2 the computer con leads to poor health. Take my friend @ PERSON1 for example. He sits at home on his computer all @ DATE1 and plays games, continues @ CAPS2 and @ CAPS3. He rarely exercises and hardly ever sees the light of day. @ PERSON1 @ LOCATION1 gained @ NUM1 pounds resulting in obesity and heart problems. He even wears wooden teeth because his general hygiene has also declined. Arthritis is another common health problem resulting from excessive use of the @ ORGANIZATION2 computer. Dr. @ PERSON3 @ ORGANIZATION2 the @ ORGANIZATION1 told @ ORGANIZATION3, "Massive amounts typed by @ ORGANIZATION2 on the keyboard can lead to joint problems, arthritis and other joint-related problems." In fact, a study that took place from @ DATE2 to @ DATE3 to see the long-term terms of @ ORGANIZATION2 computer overuse had shocking results. @ PERCENT1 @ ORGANIZATION2 test subjects saw doctors for joint pain problems. These health risks are a concern, but the safety of people is a bigger issue. When people overuse the computer, they put their safety and well-being at risk. People have suffered serious injuries and scams inflicted because of @ ORGANIZATION2 on the internet. On @ DATE4, a girl named @ PERSON5 was kidnapped and taken to @ LOCATION2. She met a man on @ CAPS4.com named @ PERSON6, who persuaded her to meet him at an airport. From them, she was taken to @ CAPS5 and held for ransom. Every time people use their computers, they put themselves in danger. Dr. @ PERSON4 @ ORGANIZATION2 the @ ORGANIZATION2 asserts : "I @ NUM2 @ ORGANIZATION2 kidnappings and other internet related crimes. The victim was a person who overused the computer and frequented the internet. Safety is one @ ORGANIZATION2 things most important in life. But people's education is also affected. When people abuse the computer, it can impact their education. Internet contains false information and can be a waste of people's time @ ORGANIZATION2. When students are working on a report, they very often use the Internet for information. Websites such as @ CAPS6 and @ ORGANIZATION4 are most commonly used. This can be a big problem. Did you know that @ PERCENT2 @ ORGANIZATION2 information on the internet is wrong ? That's over half of @ ORGANIZATION2 ! Internet can be a waste of time too My brother, @ PERSON2, was on a mission to make @ DATE1. He got up @ NUM3 hours using @ CAPS2 and didn't even write his essay. He received a zero for this rating. In conclusion, abusing your computer can cause health problems, endanger your safety and interfere with your education.
Dear Editor, Have you ever used a computer? Chances are you have them, which means you know how convenient and positive computers are. Did you know that @ PERCENT1 of all @ CAPS1 regularly use computers ? These technological marvels offer many ways to communicate and learn, showing that computers have such an extremely positive effect on people. Who has never played a game on a computer? Computers provide many forms of entertainment, such as games, music, and videos. I once had to drive @ NUM1 hours to see my grandma at @ LOCATION1. The only thing that kept me away from boredom during the trip was my laptop, which I played on and watched movies on. Computer critics argue that people who use computers never participate in physical activities. Of course, try to exercise when you are crammed into a car driving @ NUM2 @ CAPS2 which means computers affect me positively. It was @ NUM3 a @ DATE1 @ TIME1 and my mom was about to have a baby. Unfortunately, none of my relatives was there to see this baby coming into the world because all of them live on the other side of @ LOCATION2 @ CAPS3, this little setback did not prevent them from seeing the baby @ LOCATION1, and thanks to the computers , they didn't even have to leave their homes. This is because computers offer many ways to be social, like social networking sites. Within @ NUM4 hours after the baby is born. there were many photos and videos on these social media sites that made everyone enjoy my little sister @ LOCATION1. Computers make life convenient for everyone. Last but not least, computers are not only a great tool for school, but are necessary for a successful education. One snowy day at @ DATE2, I was given a research paper on @ PERSON1. Too bad I didn't know anything about @ PERSON1 so I asked my mom to drive me to the library to get some books out for my report but due to the snow the power to the library was cut off and so they went been closed. This was not a problem, however, as I only had to spend NUM5 minutes on a computer looking for information, instead of spending hours going through countless pages of a book. Thanks to the computers, I got an A on my report. Overall, computers serve many useful purposes for people. These wonderful machines can provide entertainment, socialize with people around the world, and even provide information on any topic you want. Readers of @ ORGANIZATION1, you now understand why computers are good for you and everyone else's. I encourage you all to spread this message to everyone, so that they know all the benefits of using computers.
I don't like computers for you because if you don't do anything you can meet three bad people you can do it the same way. So if you want to know what will happen next, you will have to keep reading. The reason is you don't do anything because people need to do it now and because they always have to lose something, my son. But if you keep doing nothing every day, your villain will have a habit of having fun, you won't be able to move or walk. Reason two, you can meet daddy on the computer because people can't tell you everything you want to know and they can do things that are wrong and they can be wanted by what they can be. filters. Reason three, you can all get into something wrong because you can take it to yourself and you say something about yourself and they are about something that you have and you don't know that they are using you for something. something you don't know now can someone tell you and tell you why, but they tell you that being on the computer for a long time can get you into something big. You don't do anything, you can really get in now you can get into something wrong. Now you know why being on the computer for a long time can be bad. Now what do you want on this side. PS I mean you for taking the time to read this.
Computers have many effects on people these days. Most of them are very good effects that can make you feel more confident. Computers can educate people, from learning from an older person to completing school projects. Computers also entertain people. Finally, it can even increase your chances of finding a job or helping your job. For most people education is very important, but since kids don't stay in school at NUM1, they use computer to teach kids, kids can learn about other places. It benefits us because we learn something and expand our knowledge. Children can also carry out their projects. For example, writing about an essay, their science fair project, etc. Finally, children can learn about people from other times. For example, famous musicians from long ago, celebrities, legends, Hall of Fame members, etc. People are always looking for some kind of entertainment, and the first place they go is the computer. Everyone loves entertainment and the computer in the best possible way. They could play a variety of games. Games of the past or games of the future. There's also a whole bunch of: multiplayer, minifigure, castle defense, shnaler sports, racing, academy, etc. Another fun thing to do is interact with friends online or even talk to any family that doesn't live near you. Finally, you can watch funny videos, sad videos, and music videos. Another effect of computers on people is their ability to find or help their users. the computer can teach people what to do in their jobs and what to expect. In addition, it can allow you to search for jobs. In your. Finally, it can help them get them access to a web page. In conclusion, computers have people. It can increase their education, provide entertainment, and even help them with their jobs or help them find jobs.
There have been many advances in computer technology and there are people who are for it and there are people who are against. Against and ill you why. You spend less time exercising and gain weight. Spend less time enjoying nature which means you are lost with all that is natural and spending less time with friends and family which probably proves it to you, @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 doesn't say that the computer is a bad thing, but it certainly is for a large part. First, you spend less time exercising. you don't exercise, you gain weight, you could do most of the things you could do, and you are risking your health. It's a bad thing because you're not yourself anymore and if it goes too far you can't even move. So if it sounds scary, plan your time on the computer, so that it doesn't happen to you, the time is so limited that we are wasting it on stuff in computers, so think before you go to the computer, maybe you can go for a jog outside. Then you spend less time playing with nature. Nature is so beautiful but it is destroyed and we do nothing. There are only a few hundred, maybe they said to us that it really helps the environment, and if you think a few hundred thousand people is a lot. @ NUM1.billion people on earth. It is a shame to see something so beautiful die, when most of us do nothing to help. Finally, you spend less time with your friends and family. This is the most important reason of all. The main course if you want your whole family is so important because there are your best friends all over the world. Your friends are important to them. Your family might leave you if you spend your life on the computer if you are so careful. Your friends are as important as your friends, they both make you laugh. have a good time and cheer yourself up when you are upset. Remember, it's gone. Well, here are my three reasons to be against computer working and they all seem to be good reasons, so let's recap it all. First, spend less time exercising, which is very important. Then spend less time enjoying nature, which is very important. Finally less time with friends or family most important of all. So I hope you enjoyed my essay and learned something. So remember that a lot of good things are bad and I'll leave you with that.
Dear Editor : @ CAPS1, do you know that @ PERCENT1 of the @ LOCATION2 people have computers ? These computers definitely benefit society. People need computers to keep up with important issues, contact others, and learn new information. Computers are essential for everyday life. It is very important that information flows, and one of the ways to do that is through computers. You and average people like me need to know about weather, world issues, and many other important topics. If you use the computer to keep up with important issues, you will be able to access information immediately. For example, there is no need to wait for the weather forecast to show on TV when you can know the weather in your area within seconds. Just recently there was an earthquake in @ LOCATION1 and millions of civilians died. if a natural disaster were to happen somewhere in @ CAPS2 people should know and computers are a great way to make sure everyone is up to date. Not only does the computer help us get important updates on global issues, it is also a great way to connect with people. My relatives live very far away and we can't afford long distance calls so we send them emails. @ NUM1 people on @ NUM2 contact their distant friends and family by email ! The computer is also a great place for friends to contact each other through social networking sites, such as @ CAPS3, @ CAPS4, and @ CAPS5. People need to interact with other people and the Internet is a great place to do it. Finally, computers can also be used to learn new information. If kids need to find information for a project or essay, they can easily search the internet and find an answer. Children need to access the information they need for school on the Internet. Computers are also useful for adults. If adults want to learn something new, all they have to do is look it up on the computer. It is so much easier than going to the library and finding this information in a book. @ CAPS1 you know most adults use an online dictionary to find the definition of a word? Computers can find all the answers to your questions. In conclusion, IT really benefits society. Computers can keep you on top of important issues, help you contact people, and discover new information. These technological advances are good for human society.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 personal computers are a good thing for many reasons. One of the reasons is that people can use computers to learn about other countries and other people. People can also use computers to type and save paper. Additionally, people can use computers to talk to people living near or far from you. Finally, computers can save paper by replacing books. One of the biggest reasons people need computers is @ MONEY1 because computers can help you discover and research other things that are going on in the world. If a student needs to research a country and write an article about it for school, using a computer is much easier and faster than going through a textbook. Computers are also better and faster than a textbook if you want to learn more about a person or culture. Using computers to type is also faster than writing paper. Using a computer can save time and money when it comes to typing paper. When typing paper, you don't have to worry about handwriting @ CAPS1 or breaking your pencil. You also don't have to worry about spelling a mistake, as computers can check spelling and grammar. What you write an article you have on all these @ MONEY1 issues and more. You also need to spend the money on pencils and other writing supplies. Computers also helped people save @ MONEY1 as they did not need to buy paper to make textbooks. Computers have also changed the way people can communicate with each other. Before the invention of computers, you couldn't talk to people in other countries unless you paid to use a phone or send them an email. Now you can send instant mail, saving @ MONEY1 days in time and paper. You can also use webcams to talk to family members and people you don't know. It can save you a lot of money @ MONEY1 as you don't have to pay for postage stamps, phone calls, or plane rides to visit them. These are some of the best @ MONEY1 reasons why @ CAPS1 a personal computer is better than @ CAPS1. A personal computer can save you time when you want to search for a country, person or culture. They can save you money because you don't need to buy postage stamps, pay for phone calls, or pay for airfare to visit someone in another state or country. Computers also save paper because you no longer need to do big textbooks or use different priced paper @ MONEY1 when you make a clerical error.
In my opinion, I agree that it benefits society. The reasons for my decision are that many businesses use computers to work, fast food restaurants use computers, and schools use computers. Computers are all needed for these reasons. My number one reason is that businesses use computers to work. Workers use computers to design, classify people's names, and type papers and essays. People in the design industry don't use pencil and paper anymore because they use design software to work. Instead of filing in a closet, people and workers use computers to put their patients, clients, and workers. Computers can hold more information and files than cabinets. People also type papers and essays for the job. For example, journalists have to write a report and enter it for their company in order to publish it. If business workers had to use computers to classify, type, and design clothes and games. My second reason is that fast food restaurants or even restaurants use computers, instead of using cash registers. For example, @ ORGANIZATION2 or @ ORGANIZATION1 use technology to capture people's orders and the amount they pay. Back then they used cash registers, to withdraw money they had to click a button, but now they're all locked using computers. Every restaurant has at least one touch screen computer to use. Restaurants therefore need computers to survive in the world. My third reason is that schools need computers for students and teachers to write reports, including student names and grades. Students in classes write reports for projects or even for class assignments. Teachers need computers to store student names, grades, and information, instead of using a cupboard. Teachers also use computers to create homework pages and they have to print items from Word. Thus, schools use and need computers for students and teachers. In conclusion, I agree that computers are for the benefit of society, as businesses need them for working, designing and filing, and fast food restaurants so they can take people's orders and use them in places. schools for students and teachers. This is why it benefits society.
Dear @ PERSON1, computers are needed and benefit our community. They do a lot to make our life easier. There isn't a day when we don't use a computer in some way. The advantages of our computers are that they connect us, broadcast the news, and operate everyday objects. Computers connect us in so many different ways. What would businesses be without computers? Most modern businesses are run by computers. Homeowners can now have businesses all over the world. With computers, a business at @ LOCATION2 or elsewhere at @ LOCATION4 can be connected to a building at @ LOCATION1. They can have live video chats together. With the help of computers, they are able to contact any branch of their business around the world. Even small businesses use the computer to connect with customers. Nowadays we do a lot of shopping online. This is an example of how stores connect with their customers. Stores can show shoppers everything they have to offer, including store locations. It can help stores increase sales by connecting the buyer to the store. The computer connects not only stores and businesses, but also people to each other. @ PERCENT1 some children in my school have a computer. With all these computers, many social networking sites are springing up. The most popular right now is @ CAPS1. Students can connect with old friends from other places and even other countries. We have a live chat on @ CAPS1 or even @ CAPS2. @ CAPS2 is instant messaging which is, well, instant. With a single click, people are connected, regardless of their distance. Therefore, computers connect people. Computers also broadcast information. Without computers, most of us wouldn't be able to hear any news from the world. This includes the @ LOCATION3 earthquake. If we didn't have the computers to tell us about the earthquake at @ LOCATION3, they would have a lot more problems. They wouldn't have all these gifts. Computers even broadcast national news. Almost all newspapers are now online as well as in print. Anyday now they will be completely online. It will drastically change the way we learn about news. It would be just a click away. What would have taken days to get here now takes minutes, if not seconds. Science also benefits from computers. Phones can now be personal tws, an Internet network, and messaging devices. Phones are just a small version of a computer. The cars are also equipped with computers. The @ CAPS3 of our cars are computers ; we would be lost without them. Plus, in cars there are computers to run just about everything else. So, there isn't a day when you don't meet computers. In conclusion, computers benefit us in many ways. They connect us to deliver news, and are in almost all of our technology. Could you imagine life without computers?
Do you know this square box with a screen on @ CAPS11 ? Or that rectangular cliché objected with letters on @ CAPS11 ? Or that other rectangular box where you put a disk, a usb, and you turn @ CAPS11 to. It's all a computer. Yes! @ CAPS11 is fun, you @ CAPS3 play games, go online, watch videos and check your mail. If you had a computer everything would be easy, but neither would @ CAPS2. @ NUM1 reasons is that if you have kids and they go to your computer that you have at home @ CAPS11 @ CAPS3 is addicting them, @ CAPS11 @ CAPS3 be inappropriate, and @ CAPS11 could be expensive. Please close to my reasons and give me a chance to fight. The number one reason computers are bad is because @ CAPS11 @ CAPS3 causes your child to add. @ CAPS12 a problem because your kid bothers you and says, "@ CAPS1 or @ CAPS7 @ CAPS3 I'm going to the computer please". And you say yes and when you leave Thom they'll be happy when you say so. "@ CAPS2 time to act on computers" they will say "@ CAPS3 I stay on just a little longer or I don't want to act on @ CAPS4 in the middle of a game." @ CAPS5 when they finally act and the next day they will ask you again "@ CAPS6 or @ CAPS7 @ CAPS3 I'm going to the computer" and if you say "@ CAPS8" they will cry and get angry And the more you leave them on the they will want to stay @ CAPS9 if you say, "@ CAPS8" you will get a The second reason why @ CAPS2 a bad thing to have a computer is because @ CAPS11 @ CAPS3 is inappropriate, @ CAPS11 @ CAPS3 is inappropriate because you the child is growing up, he or she will go on the internet and post things like nude photos or videos on one or that world to get your child to have sex. There you will, but at the age of @ NUM2 to @ NUM3 years old and you are not doing it with a @ CAPS3 computer. @ CAPS9 last but not least the latest reasons why a computer is bad because these are computers costing about @ MONEY1 more per day and you @ CAPS3 boil your computer and @ CAPS11 will cost you dear to have @ CAPS11 repaired or get one new and they'll be even more on @ CAPS11 or they @ CAPS3 press @ CAPS11 trust me I know. @ CAPS5 @ CAPS12 why a computer is not always a good thing. Now that you've heard my reasons, hope you take this information into consideration and think about @ CAPS11, you really want a computer or not, they are good and easy, but they also have bad side effects. All the facts are true and I say about @ NUM4 people around the world throw away computers every year @ CAPS5 thinks hard. Do you
Dear @ CAPS1 @ ORGANIZATION1, computers are an extremely useful tool in this modern age. They teach hand-eye coordination, make it easy for people to learn about distant places and people, and allow people to talk online with other people. Therefore, I believe that computers have a positive effect on people. Hand-eye coordination is a very important skill to master for young children. Without it, they will have sloppy writing, no chance to play sports and much more. Computers help teach them because they need their finger to hit the same key their eye sees. And because they tend to want to type faster, it will help them even more as the finger and eye will have to work on a mission to type faster. Computers also give people the ability to easily learn about remote places, people, etc. People had to spend hours looking for a half-decent book on a topic, then find the specific information they needed in the hundreds of pages. Now, this information is just a few clicks away. Suppose you had some problem with your faucet it keeps dripping but you don't want to pay for a plumber. You can easily get step by step instructions on what to do with the computer, the possibilities are endless. Finally, computers can allow people to stay in touch with friends who @ MONTH1 live far away. It's more convenient than using an airplane because you don't need to have something on hand all the time. You can walk away and then come back when you hear that you have received a message. It is also very useful for people like entrepreneurs as they can talk to several people at the same time while still being able to do other work, @ PERSON1, the author of buisnes magazine tells us in an iterview that he it is almost impossible to run a successful business without a computer. How could people say that computers have a negative influence on society, I don't know. But I hope you will publish this in the newspaper and show them that computers are needed.
I think having computers is good because you can use them to find places. Another reason it's good is that you can talk to your friends from the computer. You can play all kinds of different games and get pictures and it's good to do your homework. That's why computers are good and we need them. The number one reason we need computers is that they can be a card for us. We could also look at places that we've never seen before and if you want to get some you can use the computer to do that.
There are more than @ NUM1 students at @ ORGANIZATION2. & on @ NUM2 students have computers. Computers have a positive effect on people. Students who use computers are more skilled than children who don't in learning all the software and hours needed to be safe online. Computers teach children hand-eye coordination, which can be useful when playing sports. In addition, they give people the opportunity to learn more about faraway places and people. Finally, it allows people to talk online with other people. Computers allow people to develop their hand-eye coordination. When a person is playing baseball or basketball live, hand eye coordination is absolutely necessary. say you're a catcher, then grab it. Almost all sports require hand-eye coordination and computers help you achieve it. Hand-eye coordination can also be useful for people with a job. If you are working with computers for work, it helps to be familiar with the keyboard for quick results. Most of the time, any job as well as sport requires hand-eye coordination. Some people are gifted with hand-eye coordination at birth, but for people who don't practice, this is the best thing. Learning about faraway places / people is always fascinating. On computers, cities can set up web pages with pictures, information or even ways to help you plan your vacation. There is also @ ORGANIZATION1. @ ORGANIZATION1 can help you find any place where you can find out everything about that place. Computers even give you the option of planning or visiting a location by buying tickets online or maybe you just want to read what the place looks like, you can do it all. Finally, the computers can be taken anywhere with you and say you're going to @ LOCATION1, and you don't speak the language, well, you can go to a translation site and figure out what that means. Facebook, @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, all these sites allow you to exchange with other people. Personally, I have a facebook, a lens, and even an email. Most of the time I go on Facebook and tell my school friends and even my cousins that I do not see much. Talking online helps you interact with other people you might not see in school or in the city, as well as with your friends who might not have cell phones. It helps you learn social skills that everyone needs. Computers give you all of this. It's a free, easy way to talk to anyone you know whenever you want. In conclusion, computers have a positive effect on people. Almost everyone uses computers, and they are not difficult to use. Computers teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about distant places and people, and even allow people to talk online with other people. Computers are one of the best things that have ever been made.
Dear Editor, I read your previous article on how computers can take too long in some people's lives! when they could exercise or on @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2. This is completely wrong and, in many ways, actually benefits society. The internet is a quick and easy way to cut down on the time we spend doing things we already do. Instead of sending someone a letter inviting them to @ CAPS3, you can just send them an email. Letters can take weeks and can even get lost while emails are sent to them instantly. And if the movie sells out or gets canceled, don't worry with the internet, you can reschedule and buy tickets online. So it won't happen again. Suddenly your phone rings, it's your best friend's call telling you to turn on the news, but you have to go get your kids in three minutes. Instead of waiting for the reports to stop talking and, you can instantly check one of the many news websites and be always ahead. Did you die to talk to someone you haven't seen in a long time. Well with one of the many free websites like @ CAPS4 and facebook you can do it heartbeat. You can talk to this person and find many races. Also, if you are feeling lonely, like you can't find the right person. With dating sites you can find the perfect person and maybe go to @ CAPS3 with them. Not only does it save you time and connect you with other people, it can help you physically. According to drishnig at @ ORGANIZATION1, people who use computers for at least @ NUM1 minutes per day have an @ PERCENT1 increase in the time and accuracy of the corodination relationship. Although the house says it's bad for your eyes it's a lie, this has been proven by @ PERSON1 on @ CAPS5, instead of health who has @ NUM2 science and health degrees.
To who it is @ MONTH1 : I agree that computers have made a lot of people spend less time outdoors. However, this kept the kids indoors instead of @ ORGANIZATION2 on the streets, causing problems. Computers have become a part @ ORGANIZATION2 of our daily life. Some use it to stay in touch with family or to reconnect with old friends. Experts say it's bad but @ ORGANIZATION2 is giving us a computer class in @ ORGANIZATION1? We learn typing techniques. @ ORGANIZATION3 techniques and how to research any topic. @ ORGANIZATION1, itself influenced the use of the computer. If we could time travel, we would most likely see children hanging out in the streets. Kids these days @ ORGANIZATION2 spend a lot of time indoors on computers. This is not necessarily a bad thing. I bet you, or your parents, or maybe even your grandparents used to hear @ ORGANIZATION2 gangs or brawls taking place in the streets. Now that computers have become a big part of a lot of people's lives, you don't hear that kind of thing anymore @ ORGANIZATION2. I'm not saying it doesn't happen, but you don't hear your kid come home and talk about gangs and fights. Therefore, being on the computer is not so bad. In the story, you have probably heard of immigrants coming to @ LOCATION1 to escape their leader. Well, not everyone could come. Some people have relatives in another country. Due to the time difference, it is difficult to keep in touch. My mom came here when she was @ NUM1. The rest @ ORGANIZATION2 his family still live at @ LOCATION2. To keep in touch, they send an email or chat @ CAPS1. The five hour time difference makes it difficult to know when to call. The invention of computers @ ORGANIZATION2 made family reunions easier! Most importantly, @ ORGANIZATION2 computer use is influenced in schools. My @ ORGANIZATION1, @ ORGANIZATION1, has a computer class, where we learn to type skillfully. We are also taught to cite correctly and to search for work. This is useful because if we do not know this information we could plagiarize and plagiarism is illegal. Frequently, teachers give us projects that require the use of a computer. Either we have to look for precise and precise information, or we have to type a document @ ORGANIZATION3. In addition to using the online book @ CAPS2 in place of @ ORGANIZATION2 take it home. Having read all the facts, I am sure you will agree that computers can benefit society. Students do not go to the streets and cause problems only with their siblings at home. People will not feel like they have left or lost their families. Schools influence the use of computers to help us learn. You certainly can't disagree with me!
Dear @ CAPS1 or @ LOCATION1, @ CAPS2 people believe that computers are harmful to our society because people spend more time on such technology. I believe that is not the reason our society is in decline today although I agree that people are spending too much time on the computer. Computers are actually useful in our society because it is a breakthrough in communication. People have found ways to communicate with other people by plugging in a webcam and microphone. Not only does the computer facilitate communication, it also helps us get information about modern society, such as news, to stay up to date. This complicated device can also save files and documents by grabbing them so that if it gets lost, you can just reprint it. One main thing that people in modern technology usually do is talk to distant friends and family in their spare time. Legal websites allow people to be told from a friend or family about events that have happened such as an incident or an upcoming event. @ CAPS2 experts like @ PERSON1, who specializes in people's behavior, say it is the leading cause of obesity and prevents people from meeting other people outside or even doing so. some exercice. I would say that's not quite true because before I even talk to anyone. Internet users generally go jogging in the neighborhood. Information is vital in our society and keeps us abreast of modern life. A computer can give us certain information like news and if a report. Nowadays, every intelligent person would go to a computer for information not only for missed news, but also for future predictions on whether to plan a picnic. It would be a useful tool for our society to follow the world and not miss the latest event. I believe this is a breakthrough in our modern society because you could get the information you need. When you are in a rush to get to work, don't you end up losing papers and files just by forgetting them? Computer can send data to computer to easily copy file or document so that you don't have to rush to work and worry about lost files. We know that thirty out of fifty people have escaped losing their jobs because of a computer. The computer can also contain and store data for later use, such as a song or a picture. You can send this file and listen to it on another computer. Now is the time to decide if you should support computers. The computer can help you talk to long-lost friends with the push of a button. If you need certain information, you can find it on a computer without ever leaving your comfortable home. Last but not least, you can keep important files and documents and save yourself the hassle of rushing to work. So go and type this letter to a representative to help people see that computers are good for our business.
Computers. First of all. I firmly believe that people shouldn't be using computers all the time. Stay awake late like a school day and you are tired. Your eyes are watching the black and white words that may tire you out, causing you to stand up and drink Red Bull monster or any other energy drink when you don't mean it. Second, almost the hole school uses laptops, and computers like @ PERCENT1 use them. The other <@ PERCENT2 @ NUM1> is that students and adults write on paper, and that has a good hand and a good combination. the @ PERCENT1 is like everyone is going online, facebook, youtube, games and google. The @ PERCENT2 is everything people use to write on their paper and doodle on the back. Third of all. In other states, people do not have an enternet service or cannot use a computer. People have to write their work on a piece of paper. Sometimes children, young adults, adults and students have bad handwriting. I think not everyone should have a computer.
@ ORGANIZATION1, In my opinion, computers are good for people. I believe it because a lot of people see things that on a daily basis they wouldn't. I think computers have a positive effect on people. I think a lot of people work a lot today so maybe they don't have time to remember little things like going to buy a newspaper or they maybe don't even have time to look at the news on television, but because of computers, they can read or see the same things but in less time. Some people have a job that includes computers so that they can also read the newspaper on their computer while working. It benefits society in its own way. I believe that computers are very useful for everyone. Computers can help people get in touch. They can keep in touch using a webcam etc. It could also let them communicate. Computers allow people to see each other from different parts of the world. It gives people the ability to see people you couldn't see from a distance. In my opinion, people can also learn from computers. Computers have many positive effects which are very important. They give people a chance to learn things. It can benefit society because the more knowledge people have, the better. It gives people who haven't had the chance to learn what they really want to do and learn it. Computers benefit society, take @ PERSON1 for example, he says @ PERCENT1 of kids think computers have helped them in their own way. A lot of people can get bored sometimes but because of computers and the fun things they have like games, videos etc. games, it can give them hand-eye coordination and help them in different ways at the same time. (removes boredom and allows them to have good hand-eye coordination) Computers also benefit society by allowing people to have such technology. Technology is often necessary in everyone's life. Technology has helped many people and continues to do so. Computers are one of the technologies that help people. Technology can teach people things they don't even know they can do. In conclusion, I think that computers have many positive effects on people, and they not only benefit the people who use this technology, they also benefit others in some way. It gives everyone a chance to learn things and do them, so I think computers are a good thing to have.
@ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS1 a world without computers. Where would we get all of our information from? Should we fall back on television or magazines, where information can be changed? Or how could we get reports for work or home work ? I know a lot of people who don't write well, how do you read it? Basically, computers affect our lives so much that it would be chaos without them. Computers allow people to learn to type, which can improve all skills such as hand-eye coordination, they allow us to connect with places we don't know and see family members, and they allow people to have an online education which can help with the economy. Computers affect us very well and they change our everyday life, kids @ CAPS2 these days can't type. A recent study carried out at @ ORGANIZATION2 showed that @ PERCENT1 of children over @ NUM1 can already type on a keyboard. Computers have such a great effect on us with so many skills that people don't ignore them enough. Because all children can type, they can spell better too. I remember a time when I was writing a report online. I received @ NUM2 a word that I didn't know and had always had trouble spelling it. So I took my time and typed one letter at a time, and it was okay! This example shows that computers can affect the lives of everyone, even the youngest. The way we get information from computers is just like the way our hands get information from our brain to move. For example, when babies are learning to walk, the religh on their brain shows them how to do it. It's just like when there is a natural disaster, like the earthquake at @ LOCATION1, we refer to our computers to show us and tell us what's going on and how something like this might happen. Computers can affect us this way because there is a lot we might never know about our world without them. Computers affect the daily lives of families by providing them with online training. My @ NUM3 year old cousin told me that she was happy that her mom could go back to college from home because then they could spend time together. I know you might think computers can pull families apart, but they actually bring them together. There is only one choice and that is that computers affect us all in a good way. They can help us learn to type, connect with our world, and bring families closer together. Without computers, we would not be what we are today.
Dear local newspaper. I think we should keep improving technology on computers. Some people think that people spend too much time on the computer and not enough time outdoors. Personally, I think the computer is important if people don't use it all the time. There are many reasons why the computer is important. First of all, there are many places in the world that not everyone can go. The Internet is a good way to find out about a place. Also, if you are going on vacation and want to know a little more about the vacation spot, you can just search for it on the computer. Another reason is that the computer can also help you study a place. Also, if you are writing a research paper for school, you will probably want to find your information on the computer. If you don't agree with someone, you can find information quick and easy. All you do is search for something and you can find it. And you can learn new things that you have no idea about. Most of the time, the Internet is very useful. Another reason is communication. On the computer, there are many ways to communicate with other people. If you have friends or family far away, you can keep in touch with them without leaving your home. Also, if you are not sure about homework or something like that, you can just ask a friend to find out. And you can send photos or videos to people to keep in touch. Sometimes people use this feature for bad or inappropriate things. But there is something you can do to not have these bad things. The Internet can help you a lot in your everyday life. You can discover new places, do research and communicate with friends or on the go. If we keep improving the technology, you will be able to do a lot more than you can do now. The Internet can help you a lot more in your everyday life. Now you can see that the internet can help people and it doesn't just keep people inside which is why I think we should keep improving the technology.
Dear Diary, I personally believe that new technologies are a good thing. This is why I believe that computers have positive effects on our society. Some of these effects include developing skills to help people for the present or the future, get a better education, and help people become more social. Computers can help people in so many ways that you just need to realize it. So come see why computers are a good choice to have and use. My number one reason I think computers have a positive effect on people is that they can help develop skills that you have that @ MONTH1 doesn't. For example, a teenage girl @ MONTH1 says while typing a piece of paper that she really enjoys writing. So she @ MONTH1 goes on the internet and start looking at different styles and maybe she could become a famous reporter. This is all due to the skills she has learned online and finding what she likes. Another situation could be that a man applies for a job and the employer tells him that he needs to know how to use different flexible clothes, so that he can go to the computer and look for a tutorial on those specific clothes. A @ MONTH1 computer helps people learn skills now and for their own future. My second reason that computers can have a positive effect on people is that they can help them get a better education. Any adult who has not gone to college and wishes to do so can take online courses and graduate. Education is just for adults; children can go online and research the history of the different places they live and want to go. The good thing about you is that you can find the information quickly and easily. Computers help people learn more and get a better education for themselves. My last reason computers have a positive effect is that they help people be more social. There are so many ways to connect with family and friends. You can email someone and wait for a response. Or now you can even instant message someone and talk to them like over there in the same room. There are also websites, like @ CAPS1 facebook, where you can get together and chat with old friends. Computers can help anyone connect with anyone @ CAPS1, you can see that computers have so many positive effects on people. They can help you develop social skills for now and for our future. They can also help people get a better education. Plus, it's a great way to connect with friends past and present. Hope you can see how one computer can have a positive effect on so many people.
In today's society, many new technologies have emerged. Such as @ NUM1 player, cell phone, video game boards such as xbox @ NUM2, but probably the most popular and most used is the computer. The capacity. and search for information in just a few clicks. Some people are with technology that they almost become addicted to it and use it whenever they have the chance. Is it good for people does what makes it affect health and physical activity. Yes, people today are greatly affected by the Internet. Such websites in once highly dependent such as facebook, myspace and youtube. These are probably the is for school. In the @ NUM3 years since facebook. the level increased dramatically, as did the high pressure level ! Dr @ DR1 says. This online behavior should prevent people from becoming addicted and gaining the expectation of being locked out from physical activity. As you can see online internet can be very useful, but not something that should be used all the time, it can affect your health and bring other dangers.
Salvation! I write in which computers are a bad thing for society or a good thing. I think computers are a good thing to have around. They help us in a lot of ways and they also help us find new friends and new updates. This will be my first opinion. I think computers have a positive effect on society because people can find @ CAPS1 for the latest updates on weather, society and country. It helps society in a good way because people don't have to look in an old newspaper. All they have to do is click and read it all and probably see pictures and stuff. This is my second reason why computers have a good effect on society, they help us in so many ways including meeting new people and staying close with them, talking to them and sending pictures of things. and you. My last opinion for computers are a good effect on society is that @ CAPS2 you have a business or anything you can sell any of your wares, keep business plans, and also you can set up a site Web for your business after a while @ CAPS1 people will know about it and it would make a really big investment for your business. These were my three opinions that computers have a good effect on society and I think computers have a really good effect on society.
Dear journal @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, do you think computers have a positive or negative effect on people's lives ? Well if you think it's negative I'll show you why it's actually very positive. First, it teaches good hand-eye coordination. Second, it allows people to communicate with other people. Third, it can help at school and at work. As you can see, that's why I think it's positive. First, computers teach good hand-eye coordination. While using computers, you improve your hand-eye coordination. One way is that when you're online and see something you like or want to see even bigger, you move the mouse and click. It helps because you saw something and didn't need to see where you were moving the mouse to click on it. It also helps because when you type a paper you don't have to look at the keys to know what to type. You can watch the screen and move your fingers freely. As you can see, this is my number one reason I think computers are positive. Second, computers help people communicate with others. This can be important if you need to talk to someone who lives far away. If someone lives too far away and it's something big, then the @ CAPS7 is great. You can send people @ CAPS3 or even @ CAPS4 to chat with someone. It makes communication so much easier that you have a choice of how you want to talk to someone. Third, it helps people at school and sometimes at work. This helps people as they might @ CAPS2 projects. This can be useful for learning more about places you didn't even know existed. I once wondered what the folks at @ LOCATION1 were doing for a living and surviving. Being @ CAPS5, I just had to know. I went to the computer and in about half an hour I knew exactly what and how the folks at @ CAPS5 were doing for a living and surviving. It might also help at work because if your boss is relying on you to do the job, you can use the @ CAPS7. As you can see, this is my third and final reason I think computers are positive. In conclusion, I think computers are good for three main reasons. First, they can help improve hand-eye coordination. Second, they help people connect with people from other regions. Third, it helps at school and at work. So now that you've read this, I hope I've shown you that computers aren't bad for us at all. In fact, they are the best bet for a better future.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, have you ever wondered who really invented the ice cream cone by standing there licking one? Well, why don't you just rip your blackberry out and find out? That's what's great about technology. You can talk to your friends or family for help, and she's there. Whenever you need it. Have you ever had to move so far away from your best friend that you cried so much that someone thought it was raining? Well, that is not necessary as you can now have a webcam in your computer and talk as much as possible. Of course, it's the same as being there with the person, but it's pretty close. You can talk anytime, anywhere, thanks to the great invention of computers. Another way for a computer to talk to other people @ MONTH1 is for you and your friends to chat. If your parents are out and won't let you out, you can still talk to your friends. Finally, if you are older, you can use Facebook to find friends that you haven't seen for a long time. Another reason computers and technology are great is that you can get the information you need. Schools practically live on computers. Not only the students but also the teachers. Teachers assign projects that include going to computers and finding information about your topic. Also, if you've never heard of it before, you can go and find out. It's great for those that all you have at @ CAPS2 is the click of a button and every bit of information is right at your fingertips. This can be useful when you are arguing with your friend about who is the best @ PERSON1. You can just research who got the most circuits and voila. You have a winner ! Have you ever been to a dinner party and someone asked you if you have the score for a hockey game and your friends your husband's brothers pulled out his phone and then said @ NUM1 to @ NUM2 about @ NUM3 minutes after you asked ? Well that must mean they have the internet on their phone. Phones such as BlackBerry, @ CAPS3, and iPhone all have built-in internet. This means that when they are at the airport waiting for their plane, they can just play a game or watch TV. For me, this is a pretty cool invention. In addition, people in business and industry have phones with built-in internet because they can just search for something at any time. This is why I think the technology is good in our society. Mainly because they can talk to distant friends and the like. The kind of information you need, you can already get it at the push of a button. Also, you can have it in things like your phone or other tech related item.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, I think computers have good effects on people, like letting people talk to family or friends who live far away. Computers also allow you to discover different places and people around the world. My first reason is that computers allow you to learn more about different places and people around the world. It helps you if you go on vacation to a foreign country, you can find out where the historical test sites are, and you can also find out where the best hotels are. If you have a project to do in a foreign country, you can search for it and it will give you all the data you need about it. My second reason is that computers allow you to talk to your family or friends who live far away. It helps you stay in touch so you don't feel like you don't know them anymore. Computers can also allow you to talk to your friends who live far away and if you want to go out it will allow you to talk about the days that are good for you and them.
Advances in technology are very practical and have a positive effect on those who are lucky enough to have a computer. First, computers help reach people for better hand-eye coordination. @ CAPS1, computers make it easier to learn new information about many things such as people and places around the world. Finally, computers allow people in different places to communicate instantly for the above reasons, computers are very useful to people all over the world. One of the ways that computers help people is to improve their hand-eye coordination when a person is learning to type and to watch a screen at the same time. They will be able to make samples of daily requests much better. Doesn't a person have good hand-eye coordination. They can never do that right on a paper! That too, along with focus, and more focused people excel in school, at work, and in their social life. Hand-eye coordination is very important to learn and computers help teach people it. The @ CAPS1 reason I think people tell people about new stuff. I myself and have experienced many processes. I am now fortunate enough to be able to realize how, and the research is due to computers. Computers are instructive. Finally, computers at hand because they call. One way communication in computers is my moment. That's when they type and it's similar to a phone conversation, but for free. The last and most popular way is video chat. Video chat is when people use cameras connected to their computers and can talk to each other while seeing their faces! All of these ways of communicating with people around the world are very beneficial for many people, especially those whose family or friends live in another city. Without a doubt, computers benefit people in society in several ways. They teach them hand-eye coordination, which is very important for simple, everyday tasks. They also help people all over the world find out what they couldn't learn from books. Last but not the least, computers communicate with each other all over the world. In all of these ways, computers are helping people everywhere and.
Dear local newspaper, I have heard that computers have a positive effect on people or not. In my opinion, I think that, yes, they have a positive effect on people. I think this is because @ NUM1. Computers allow you to discover foreign places and cultures. @ NUM2. Computers are often useful for people with special needs, and @ NUM3. The computer allows you to connect people who @ MONTHS1 live far away without having to travel. I really enjoy learning about foreign places and culture. I know from my own experience the more you know about foreign places and culture. The smarter you get overall. Without the computer, many people would not be able to explore and learn more about these places. The computer is essentially a large encyclopedia which provides important information for those who are unable to travel the world and visit these places. Without computers, people would be less informed about the people, cultures and the world we live in. Places such as pyrimides in @ LOCATION1 and. You do not agree ? In my school there are several students with special needs. Personally, I can't even begin to imagine how difficult it must be for them to learn. But one thing I do know is that the computer is a very useful resource for them. The computer provides pictures, sounds and interactive activities that really help children. Since some of the children in my school who have special needs have difficulty reading. The computer helps by reading it aloud to mom. Where would these kids be if they didn't have computers? I like to stay in touch with my distant family and friends. Is not it ? It used to take days and days to send and receive a letter from a parent. @ MONTH1 Because of the computer, a difficult task can be done with the click of a mouse. But that's not all. Besides sending people virtual emails, because of the computer, you see them face to face! Some computers have webcams that let you see someone through your computer screen, isn't that great ?! So why waste money stealing just to see someone deliver a simple message when you can deliver it personally in almost @ NUM4 seconds ? Because of the computer, people talk more and are often brought together. So, as you can see, there are many great positive effects that computers have on people. The reasons being @ NUM1. computers allow you to discover foreign places and cultures. @ NUM2. computers are often useful for people with special needs. And @ NUM3. computers allow you to connect with people who @ MONTHS1 live far away without having to travel. Thank you for your attention.
More and more people are using computers every day. Computers are a great help with projects, emails, vacation spots, etc. However, some scientists believe that people spend too much time on the computer instead of exercising or going for a walk. I think computers are an important part of a person's life because the information found on a computer is very useful. This can come in handy when you have an upcoming report. What if your teacher tells you that a report is due tomorrow ? What are you going to do, you don't have time to go to the library. I went to the computer and got all the information I needed. I would also use a computer to learn about faraway places, or even famous people in history. I could also look up where I'm going on vacation and then I could find out more about it. Like, you might find where the best restaurants are, the best holes, and even the best tourist spots. Computers are also useful for chatting. My grandparents have moved so I don't talk to them much anymore, but since I have a computer, I can send a little email to say hello or ask them how they are doing. Imagine also going to work and not having a computer! It's a lot of work to write! In some jobs, the job is to email other members of the job issues they encounter and meetings. By using a computer, you can keep up to date with everything that is going on. Computers are also useful, because if you had a test to study for and forgot your grades in school, you can search online for what you are studying. Then you can study from the computer. So the next day you won't fail the science test. Computers can be a nice little break after all of your homework is done. If you want to use the computer to talk to your friends, it should be difficult to do all of your homework first. Sometimes people need a rest after all their homework is done. Playing games on the computer can be a great way to relax. Computers are a great help for reports, vacations, discussions, information to help you study for a test. Also for playing games. Many people use computers for work in the course of their work. I think computers are an important part of a person's daily life.
In my opinion, computers are a great addition to our world. Computers can safely help people with homework, communicate, and entertain you. These are the reasons why computers are having an effect on people all over the world. First of all, computers help with a child's schoolwork. For example, if a student is doing a research paper, the World Wide Web is a useful place to easily obtain information that you cannot find in books. In addition, if a student forgets, loses or misses their homework, they can log on to the school website and print the document. Also, most teachers expect a test to be @ CAPS1 neat @ CAPS1 possible. It is difficult for some students, the typing is neat and anyone can do it. @ CAPS1, you can see, computers are essential for school work. Second, computers are a great way to communicate and stay in touch with other people. For example, if an employee wants to talk to a boss or send them something, they can easily email it to them. In addition, if friends wanted to talk to each other, they could send each other instant messages. If a teacher and a student's parent were to host a conference, the teacher could email the parent a time and date. This is why computers are great for facilitating communication. Lastley, computers are a safe and fun way or entertainment. Lots of companies create kid-friendly websites . For example, my six year old sister visits a website that teaches you things in a fun way. Studies show that @ PERCENT1 of kindergarten kids who visit these websites do better in first grade compared to those who don't use computers are a great way to spend your time. In conclusion, I believe that computers have a great effect on people all over the world. They help with schoolwork, provide eastward communication, and provide safe educational activities, @ CAPS1, you can see, computers are a great addition to our world.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 people think that computers are overused and help people get overweight and even obese. This may be true, but computers also teach hand-eye coordination, give people the opportunity to learn about distant places, and people can even coordinate on them! Overall, I think computers have a positive effect on people, and here are a few reasons why. Computers help teach hand-eye coordination. I know you are probably thinking " eh ? How do computers do this? All you do is stare at a screen. But much to your dismay, computers teach hand-eye coordination. It does this because while playing games people are looking at the screen and clicking with their hands. They don't just stare at the mouse while they play these games. In doing so, he teaches eye-hand coordination. Scientists have proven that people who own a computer and use it at least @ NUM1 hours per week have better coordination than people who do not have @ PERCENT1 computers ! This statistic alone is worth a thousand words on its own. Hand-eye coordination is one thing. It helps you play better in sports like baseball, and not only that, but it also helps future jobs. As you can see, @ CAPS1, without computers, hand-eye coordination. People think computers are only used for games, but in reality they teach us @ CAPS2 things about the world. Without computers, people would know about almost everything that is going on in other countries. For example, the other day, my mom was checking her emails and came to access the living room of a hungry youngster. It changes the story of his everyday life, as food is taken for granted. Without a computer, my mother would have more in other countries. Because we live in the @ CAPS4.S what is happening in other countries. Are less strong, but the computer helps us remember and teach us what is happening in the world every day. One of the main advantages of computers is that they allow people to communicate through them. Even my grandmother said that without computers I wouldn't be as close to you as I am today. “@ CAPS5 and my grandmother use the skype.com site. This site not only allows you to talk to the other person, but also to see them! Because of sites like these. I have the right to stay in touch, and to be able to see my grandmother who lives far away. Without computers, this would not be possible. Not only do computers allow you to talk to people far away, but people nearby too. I often find myself asking friends over the computer what homework is or when is the next test etc. Computers make it easy to connect with people near and far. In conclusion, computers help in different ways. The world would be upside down without them. They give people the opportunity to learn about distant places and people, teach hand-eye coordination, and allow people to communicate with each other. Computers have @ CAPS2 flaws, but they also have such a positive @ CAPS2 effect that I think they shine on every little flaw. Thank you
Dear our local newspaper, Computers have a huge negative effect on people. It could drastically change the way of life. For example, people who sit all day at computers spend less time exercising, enjoying nature to socialize with friends and family. Therefore, computers affect us greatly. One of the reasons computers used to be awful is because people spend too much time on their computers and don't exercise. It is always important to stay fit and healthy. This could be @ PERCENT1 from people who live in the @ CAPS1.S are obese. It could be a cause of obesity. I can relate to this because I had a parent, who admitted he gained at least five pounds. to be on the @ CAPS2 computer, not exercising might. Is it really worth sitting in front of the computer all day to eat? There is better active entertainment and we will maintain good health and exercise. Another reason is that. it seems like they're a lot more tech-savvy than you, it won't improve your social skills. You might lose confidence in yourself and not be as open as possible. None like to be a loner. The feeling could be devastating. @ CAPS2. it would make it very difficult to interact and make new friends. It's always a pleasure to know that you have so many loving people around you. You might lose them by snapping your fingers as you spend more time focusing on the computer, rather than on your friends and family. Finally, it might be difficult to go through life without your friends and family. In conclusion, people who spend too much time on their computers spend less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with friends and family. Computers are as per matter the most in life, to be more focused on them. The computer affects us in a negative way which can change the course of our life.
Dear @ LOCATION2 @ CAPS1 editor, @ LOCATION3's company is being ruined, ruined by computers of course. They take so long that I'm afraid they are making people overweight at @ LOCATION3 anymore. People are afraid to limit themselves to interacting from @ CAPS2 to @ CAPS2 and spending time enjoying nature. I feel the exact same way and someone should put a stop to it! The average American uses a computer for about @ NUM1 hours a day. Going to work or school and sleeping it leaves a bit @ NUM2 for getting out and exploring nature. Our national parks @ NUM3 have seen their number of customers decrease at a rapid rate. I visited Yellow Stone last week to find out if that many people have gone. The man who works at the entrance said that "since the start of @ DATE1 only, about @ PERCENT1 less people have gone to @ LOCATION1", I think the reason is because of the computers. They restrict people from going to parks or zoos, consuming the public's time with all the "new fad" or the latest game on miniclip.com. Also, I think the public spends so much time on computers that they can't go out and exercise. With the latest ' sims game ', how are kicks supposed to stay fit and healthy ? I did a study on the number of hours children spend on their computers and among people who said more than @ NUM4 minutes. @ PERCENT2 of them could legally be considered obese. Is it now that we want our next generation to be the next president, lawyers and doctors? @ CAPS8, we want them to live life at @ CAPS4 taking care of themselves through exercise. Computers consume children so much that this is not correct. Finally, with computers, families and friends don't really talk to each other from @ CAPS2 to @ CAPS2, or interact with each other at all, I mean parents come home with their child on the computer and give them a kiss on the head. But is it enough? I do not believe that. I asked the child of a friend of mine how well he interacts with his family and friends ? @ CAPS2 to @ CAPS2, he did say that since he had his new "@ CAPS5 @ CAPS6 with a @ NUM5 gig hard drive", he had not told them all the time about @ CAPS2 to @ CAPS2. However, everyday we went on "chat" "for a good @ NUM6 hours", to talk to her friends. And only occasionally did he get a @ CAPS7-mail or two from him asking how his days were. I don't think it's good to have good friends and a strong family life. This is what @ LOCATION3 happened to computers. They prevent you from interacting with your friends and family, give you less time to exercise, and prevent you from going out and exploring nature. Who knows, maybe by this time in @ NUM7 years, @ LOCATION3 will be running by computer. Do we want that, @ CAPS8 ! so let's end it now. Thank you very much!
Dear editor, I think computers are a great and fun tool. But I also believe that people can spend too much time on it. The computer is excellent. People can use them to type papers or reports, make charts and other things important to us. Schools are using computers more and more now. Schools have websites where students can view homework, class assignments, projects, reports, and extra credits. The school even started doing something very new, allowing parents and children to check student grades online. Not only do schools help students, but also ordinary people. if a student has a project but doesn't know how to start it, he or she can google their project and how to start it. Computers can be really great and easy to use, as you can see, for schoolwork. Computers are not only great for academic purposes, but also for leisure purposes. Before computers and the Internet, there were only these ways to have fun during boring times of the day. One would watch TV, read a book, or go out, if you could. What do I mean by this last sentence? If you lived in a city, then it would be more difficult to get out because you might be living in an apartment or in a non-community place. So you couldn't go out; and reading books can get boring after a while, and maybe there was nothing to watch on TV. But when computers and the Internet are emerging, people have to play games, watch videos and talk to relatives or family members who live far away. Computers are also good for social networking. Not all families live nearby, but are close family. But in this economy, we can't always afford to visit them all the time. So using computers we can @ CAPS1 facebook them, myspace them, and even video chat with them, which like I said is a big family away. But sometimes people can become obsessed with them. Some people spend all day on one website, especially facebook or youtube. Make no mistake, these websites are fun and cool. But not cool enough not to go out and have fun for free and naturally. I remember I logged into Facebook and saw a girl, I logged out about an hour later and she was still on, then I logged in to @ TIME1 again and the same girl was on ! It's just too long to be on one website. Computers are a great tool that humans can use for business, education, and recreation. But too much is not good.
Do you like computers? Are you using the Internet to help you? Do you use it every day? Well @ CAPS1 not this article gives you information on all of this. First, a lot of people don't like computers because they say there is confusion. In fact, computers aren't that hard to work with, you just need to be patient and take the time to get used to them. In addition, computers can make things easier, such as typing. why should you correct @ CAPS1, you have the option of using a computer that allows you to write faster than normal paper. Second, the Internet is simpler than books. All you have to do is go to @ ORGANIZATION1 in any other type of search engine and in a fraction of a second you have all the information in the world on this topic. Also @ CAPS1 your vacation planning, the Internet can help. You can buy airline tickets online and sometimes there are special discounts on the web. Besides, you can save hotels and watch live images with more than just files. So when you take a vacation on the internet, you know it will be a good vacation. Finally, you can buy anything with one click. Almost all websites offer discounts. I remember when I bought @ MONEY1 @ MONEY2 shoes online. Plus, it's usually shipped to you within a few days. Finally, continuing a lot is not bad. I go to the computer almost every day, but I also go outside. I can do it because at night, when we can go out, I go to the computer for school or for fun. Moreover, you can talk to your friends or family on the internet. What @ CAPS1 did your mom or dad get on a @ NUM1 week business trip? You can use your webcam and talk to them and see that like @ CAPS1 you were in the same room. So, is it really that bad to go on the computer? I don't think @ CAPS1 is that useful and easy to use.
Dear Newspaper Company, More and more people are using computers every day. But not everyone agrees that it benefits society. Some people say that people who use computers don't exercise or play outside. Then when they get out of the computer, their eyes hurt and they can't see too. But all of that being said I agree with the benefits of IT being used very well. The reasons I agree computers have advantages is that. It gives you hand-eye coordination and gives people information about faraway places. They can also rent movies and games from hotels. You can even talk to people online all over the world! What if we didn't have computers, and if a serious crime happened, we wouldn't be able to find the criminal's name or his records ! Some bad reasons for having computers are a big deal, isn't it cyberbullying ! Children could be chosen. On and he will. People are insulted all the time. Another big problem is that online they seem friendly as they try to do it. There are two big problems with computers, which is called plagarism. Plagiarism is when you take some work and put your name on it. It can also be when you fly and say it's yours. The second problem is stealing music for free. By downloading from the Internet like lime wire. Then the song doesn't get the album money. This is why I agree with computers that give you advantages. They give you bad things to pay attention to when you are at a computer.
Dear all computer lovers, I think you all spend too much time on the computer. yes, it's good to go on the computer and learn new facts, watch funny videos, and also basically everything is on the computer these days. But most people spend too much time on the computer. there are three things you need to do, enjoy nature, spend time with family and friends, and most importantly, exercise. In this letter, I will explain why you need these things, which you cannot get on the computer. First of all, I will explain why it is important to enjoy nature. Sometimes enjoying nature can be difficult, but if we all take a closer look it can be really fun. Some examples from nature are trees, grass, fresh air. But I'm sure all of my teenage comrades would agree that, it's very boring, we would all rather sit and watch TV. Instead of looking at a boring tree, you can climb the tree and maybe go outside to play with your dog and lie in the grass. An example of my favorite activities in nature is when I say get up all night, run outside very early and lie in the grass, breathe in the fresh air and watch the sun come up. Second, and whatever is important for you to get out of the computer and spend time with your family and friends. My family, can do @ MONTH1 things with you and i know i am very happy when i am with family as they always make me laugh and especially my family love to party. Parties are always fun, especially when you're with your family. Friends are also great because they make you laugh, have adventures, and are always there for you.
Dear Diary, I think the effects computers have on people is one thing @ CAPS1 because most people just sit in front of computers all day. In this letter, I'm going to talk about the effects of computers on people, what we could do instead, and what people are doing on the computer. The first thing is that computers have an @ CAPS1 effect on people and the computers of life force them to stay inside their computers all day and do nothing. They're just sitting there playing games and around @ PERCENT1 people who spend too much time on the computer are probably typing well on the computer that's why some @ MONTHS1 people are fat. Most of the people who spend all their time on the computer are people there @ NUM1 and @ NUM2, some are there @ NUM3 or @ NUM4. Just sitting there on the computer will get you. Where in life. It will not give you a job or a school education. By sitting in front of the computer for a while, you won't be able to get things done outside. If that many people weren't on the computer all the time, they might be outside. Outdoors, they can play sports, cycle, swim, run and more. They might also find a job and earn money or go to college, kids who use the computer too often might go out and go to the mall, hang out with friends, exercise or just enjoy the fun. nature. There is no point in going on the computer and being there for more than @ NUM5 or @ NUM6 hours, the maximum you should be on the computer would be an hour to an hour and a half. Children and teens should only use the computer for homework and the rest of the time for other things. Well, all @ NUM7 level kids should go out and play with their toys and people @ NUM8 and up should hang out with them and do things like going to the mall, seeing a movie, or just having a sleepover. Also, everyone in these classes should interact more with their families by seeing them more than @ NUM7 / @ NUM8 times a month and they could throw parties or just get together and hang out. So people should be doing some of the other things I said instead of going to the computer all the time. The last thing is things people do on computers, like I sometimes go to Facebook. Other people go to facebook, google, info search games, and more. They also have emails where they chat with other people. Another thing that people use is youtube and listen to music and watch videos. So I don't think the effect of computers on people is a good thing. I think people should be outside doing things and then sitting at home on the computer. People who sit at home on computers could and probably will get fat. So the effect of computers on people is @ CAPS1.
Dear @ CAPS1, I recently heard on @ CAPS2 @ NUM1 @ CAPS3 that people think computers have different effects on people. In the past, computers have caused problems with the human body. Amny @ CAPS5 becomes on computers. So in my question I think computers have a problem. First of all, computers prevented @ CAPS5 from exercising and became unhealthy. @ NUM2 on @ NUM3 @ CAPS5 said they are their @ CAPS5 spend every time on the computer. @ CAPS5 must realize that sitting on a computer @ CAPS4 is a danger to their health, don't you want @ CAPS5 to have eye problems in your house ? To be too much on the computer and just for work, but for playing games, I realize enough that I have to stop and go out and exercise to keep my health balanced @ PERSON1 says : "The @ CAPS4 technology increases more and more people we also donated glasses. " @ CAPS5 needs to make changes to what it does during the. So @ CAPS4 I somputers because @ CAPS5 doesn't get unhealthy. My people don't spend a lot of time @ CAPS4 with family and friends. In the pase my mon used to yell at me. @ PERCENT1 people think this is very important did you know that. Computers keeping your divorce could have the computer. People need to be within families as it decreases interaction with. My last reason is that people aren't. @ NUM4 ot de @ NUM3 people enjoying nature, you have the opportunity to express your thoughts. A lot of people need time to think about what's going on in their life, and they can't do it on the Internet. In the past, I was stressed because I never had to relax and think about things I was doing or homework. @ PERCENT2 people who have too much life to live believe it. Do you see now that nature can be useful? So @ CAPS4, you can see that computers have a negative effect because people don't have enough time to enjoy nature. In conclusion, I believe that computers have a huge negative effect on people. The reasons people would be less active, people won't interact well @ CAPS4, and people enjoy nature. So I strongly encourage you to vote being a negative effect.
Dear journal @ LOCATION1, @ CAPS1 my name is @ PERSON1. I'm going to @ ORGANIZATION1 at @ LOCATION1. I am in grade @ NUM1. I am writing this letter to tell you my opinion if technology thinks technology has a positive effect on people. My opinion is that computers are good. Read on to change people's lives in <@ NUM2 @ LOCATION1 </ @ CAPS2>. My first reason is that the computer teaches you hand-eye coordination. For example, when I was in class @ NUM3, I went to the library of my @ ORGANIZATION1. She had a website named @ CAPS3 To learn. It helps you learn to learn without looking at the keyboard. My second reason why calculus gives people the opportunity to learn more about faraway places and people. For example, when I was at grade @ NUM4 to @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5, I had to write about @ CAPS6. And I want on @ ORGANIZATION2. I found some wonderful photos of @ CAPS7. And I saw how they live. I looked at a specail @ CAPS8 like @ NUM5 weeks ago, it said that @ PERCENT1 people would use @ ORGANIZATION2 to look up the number of people and more personal things. My third reason gives people the opportunity to learn about faraway places and people. For example, when I want to talk to my cousin who lives at @ LOCATION3. I would go on the Internet and talk to them on webcam. I could talk to them. I read in an article a month ago. That @ PERCENT1 people use the computer to plot with people. In conclusion, some people might say that some experts are concerned that people are spending too much time and less exercising with friends and family. However, being on the computer is much more complicated than going out. More children or people would be salfy. Then you should post this in your journal.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1's opinion about computers is that I think they are the most useful thing in our society and it is of great benefit to us. Let's say if I wanted to see what the world looks like, or even what the surface of the moon, mars, venus, jupiter, ect. I could just open up a computer or download a program, there it is. Computers also help people express their creativity through a program that allows you to draw or create. I bet even helping young kids got smarter by building things on the computer. Another thing computers do is open up a lot of jobs and in a bad economy people need all the help they can get. With a computer you can keep people alive and by breathing you can find broken bones or tomors, you can build bridges, houses by making plans. The last thing computers help us do is the most important, and that is to help people learn. By simulating the Titanic, a spaceship or the ground. They help find information even if it is people for whom you can see people on a computer with a camera or to save a life by fing if they have crashed on the plane or. This is why computers are the most useful thing we have @ DATE1 and we have to keep learning and improving to make ourselves more advanced and smarter.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, I think computers have a positive effect on people. You can do a lot of things with computers, like helping people learn new things about almost anything. In addition, some programs on the computer allow you to talk to other people. Also, for adults, they can take care of some online finances and bills and some taxes. I think computers definitely have a positive effect on people. A lot of people use their computers to learn new things about other things and about people. Nine in ten people use the computer at least more than once a month to learn about something new. In addition, children in school use computers all the time for schoolwork and to learn new things. Children in school use computers in school all the time for projects and experiments, and they learn new things about people and things in the world. Computers certainly have a positive effect on people when they learn new things. Another great advantage of computers is that there are programs that allow you to talk to other people. Eight in ten people talk to another person on the computer almost every day. This is a good thing because they can talk to their friends and family from a distance and have fun. This is also a good thing because if the family moves you can still talk to them from a computer. Another positive effect of computers on you is that adults can also pay their bills and finances on the computer. Seven in ten adults pay their bills online on their computers. This is a good thing because adults have to do it by hand now they can just do it on the computer which is definitely a positive effect on a person! I think computers definitely have a positive effect on people in so many ways. They help people learn new things about things as well. Besides, they allow you to talk to your friends and family on the internet. And finally, they let you do finances and pay bills online rather than by hand. There are still many ways that computers have a positive effect on people, I have only mentioned a few. Hope you share my opinion about computers and they definitely have a positive effect on people.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 do you keep in touch and @ CAPS1 are computers affecting your work ? Some people often use the computer and cannot enjoy the outdoors. World. Some people use computers for other things and then sometimes they just waste time. I believe that computers have a strong positive effect on people. You can keep in touch, learn and have fun with computers. Computers have an important role in our society, and I know you will have the right decision as to whether or not computers are overused. You can keep in touch. Not only can you keep in touch with your loved ones, but also people in different countries or states, and even people like your friends who live nearby. Email is a great and healthy way to communicate with others. There are also other websites like Facebook and Skype where you can post pictures of yourself and your family and be protected. @ CAPS3 if you live miles and miles away you can easily show your friends what you've been up to or your new baby boy. @ CAPS4 also displays information about your personal information. You can make friends and plan @ CAPS1 for your outing this week. Yesterday my @ CAPS2 emailed me a photo of a teddy bear in a tree outside his cabin he was playing in. He's over @ NUM1 hours away and I can still email him back and say, "@ CAPS2, have you made a friend ?" In seconds, he can respond by saying, "I even had a bear hug =)!" @ CAPS3 I talk to him while he is away and I was almost together. I bet you use email as much as we do to get printers and. @ CAPS4 is a quick and easy way to communicate. You can learn. Computers play a very important role in the learning experience. Teachers, students, parents and grandparents learn with computers every day. There are educational websites for learning things. In our school yesterday on "quiz.com". @ CAPS4 is a website for schools where you can take a quiz instead of paper. If you are a busy parent with children, you can work online. You can get paid for the work you do, websites and. You can also go to school online. There are people who are very busy and who do not have time to go to university courses can take courses. They can learn and even interact with it. Computers teach you that they don't hurt you. All. Safety, work, bills, school, contact, games, everything. Most people, schools, go about their business without a computer. Computers protect you and help you grow. You can have fun with computers. Lots of people go online and play games on lots of websites. These games can pass the time and the player have fun. @ CAPS4 might not be running, but it's fun. You can do @ CAPS3 a lot of things on the computer for fun. You can play games online, download music, Skype, browse, buy, and even meet people. Meeting people is a great thing. A lot of people are using it these days. way to meet and interact with new and interesting people. My cousin is now @ NUM2 and he used online dating and met this really sweet and pretty girl who lived nearby. @ NUM3 years later they are married and are more in love than imagined. See @ CAPS3 Love can be discovered on computers and great fun too. You've read my reasons and realized what the computer does for the world. Almost everyone has a computer and almost everyone needs one. It is an easy way to communicate or keep in touch, you can learn and have fun with the computer. Lots of other things that are put to good use. I have now convinced you that computers are very positive for people.
Dear journal Le @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 in front of a @ CAPS3 @ CAPS1 after @ CAPS1. Oh, how much you just want to relax in the natural open air, but with all the advancements in technology, you feel like it's your job to always be up to date. I believe technological advancements have had a negative effect on people. People don't exercise while interacting with family and friends in person, or don't have the opportunity to enjoy nature. Exercising causes your heart, your body to sweat and me to beat from the sicknesses which ultimately make you feel better. @ CAPS2 in front of a @ CAPS3 all @ CAPS1 does not support you with the natural urge to exercise. People who support advancements in technology say, "@ CAPS3 is able to teach you hand-eye coordination." @ CAPS4, coordination is important but your body as a whole should also be considered @ PERSON1, voted # @ NUM1 Cardiologist around the world says, "More and more people are suffering from heart disease and stroke every year ! " be goes on to say, "Many links have been theorized to this ongoing problem, but none seem as good as my theory. I believe that people's lives have been overcome by technology. More and more cases have been made. reported to people addicted to their computers. It's amazing but, @ CAPS5 individuals have @ PERCENT2 more chance of developing heart disease! There are many healthier things you can get absorbed into. Like tennis by example In tennis you need to develop hand-eye coordination to hit the ball correctly. Tennis also increases your heart rate and burns fat cells, to help you lose weight. Statistics show that @ NUM2 people on @ NUM3 say that tennis has actually made them more confident. This is because when people are able to have the determination to lose weight and have healthier heads, they think they are. can do it all over the world. Isn't that the attitude that everyone needs ? Nature is everywhere and helps us even if @ CAPS4 doesn't notice it. Like trees, they take @ NUM4) and release oxy gen. Oxygen is the key to life. Trees are also home to many living organisms. Like the woodpecker or even the owl. They all depend on trees for their survival. But, if you are on @ CAPS3 @ NUM5 'hours at @ CAPS1 @ DATE1, you @ MONTH1 do not realize the nature and. Nature is a beautiful thing more @ PERCENT3 people say they like to relax outside, listen to the birds sing morning songs or a loved one going about their own business feed with their young who look. But, advances in technology also ruin this balance of nature. Technology needs a source of energy, google, for example, tells the press that "our business surely loves nature, but also has to run its business." They go on to say " we get our energy from petroleum and coal " @ CAPS5 according to scientists like this boy as the main source of petroleum for big business. That's for but they don't keep in mind the fact that they go over a million every year because. And ! that depletes the protection we get from our ozone layer. Accelerate the development of climate change. “Without advancements in technology, we @ MONTH1 have better and safer earth generations to come. Oh sure, Sue said sarcastically. But since you text her you don't know what and ask her. for advancements in technology people could make me the right decisions. @ PERCENT4 of texters say they misinterpreted other texts. it means bad decisions all over the world. @ PERCENT1 also say they participated in the same du sexting as they sent pictures in a language. Minor children participate in illegal activities because of technological advances, the head of the police department of @ ORGANIZATION1 claims that since the invention of the cell phone with the ability to send pictures and text, he needs @ NUM6 more child pornography cases. @ PERCENT5 of @ CAPS5 people are under the age of without me, advancements in technology for cell phones, it would not even be possible for minors. Advances in cellular devices have also separated the families of farmers and farmers. nts sya that their children had me some appreciation and a lease that they had before they received cell phones. And @ PERCENT1 of wine kids have cell phones that say they don't think they need their family interaction anymore. Do you think this is the message of being the school to future generations? Thank you for reading this article and I hope you now experience the other side of the debate that kids need to interact more with their families, enjoy nature and start exercising. It is impossible to do with the advancement of technology.
There are all kinds of computers out there, but they all do the same thing. Computers help people with everything they need. For example, you can go online and chat with people, you can buy and sell things, you can go to college, you can learn anything, and it helps you write homework well. Personally, I think computers are very useful and we are fortunate to have them. Going online can give you so many opportunities for everything. Go to college online when you don't have time to go in person or just talk to your friends. You can learn just about anything on the computer and it's so much fun. The computer for most people I know is the greatest invention besides the most obvious. Going to college online is so easy. There's not too much. Lots of people around the country online for college. For example, parents who want to go home but can't go in person, or someone who has a lot of work to do but doesn't have time to go to college. But they can go online and take classes in their spare time. Plus, talking to friends online is also fun. When you are away from friends, you can chat with them online. Maybe you can go to @ CAPS1 or @ CAPS2 or @ CAPS3 or even your email. There are many ways to do it on this fabulous computer. The computer is also full of tons of information that is useful to anyone in the world. You can learn about different countries, people or even the apple pic recipe. Who knows what you can learn. The computer has things for everyone in the world. Because we are all different. Some of us like to buy or sell things on the computer or do homework. Maybe even a simple fun computer game is nice. Everyone in the world is different, but we have one thing in common. The world knows we need computers, and computers are the smartest thing since calculators. Buying and selling things on the computer is easier than it looks. All you have to do is put what you want to sell online or watch online what you want to buy. Then you buy it or sell it. There is more to the process as the people at @ ORGANIZATION1 bring it to you or take it away. But this is only the essential. You can also do your homework neatly on the computer if you have messy handwriting. Therefore, the computer has so much that can benefit you and the world with all that it has to offer.
To whom it concerns @ MONTH1, @ CAPS1. My name is @ PERSON1. I wrote in response to the letter sent to me regarding electronics. Computers, to be precise. For me, computers are useful, but extremely despicable. These pieces of metal are expensive, unhealthy, and degrade human learning abilities. Computers have too many negative characteristics for me to handle. Dell, @ ORGANIZATION1 and so many other IT companies sell computers at ridiculously high prices. You buy one on sale and when you need your computer @ CAPS2 !, malfunctions and problems are plaguing you. Now you need to call a repairman who will charge you even more money! Have you really spent your hard earned money on a faulty trash can? It's ridiculous. I went to my computer yesterday and what do you think happened? It broke down! My six hundred dollar computer broke! Computers are too expensive to keep. When I get rid of mine, I don't get another one. Have you ever been sitting in front of your computer for so long that it brings tears to your eyes ? Horrible to put up with, that's not the only problem your computer can cause. Your health is at stake! When you sit down at your computer to work or play instead of going out for a jog or exercising, your health deteriorates. Weight gain, pink eye from staring at the screen, should I continue !? The very computer you love @ MONTH1 can harm you. I say, get rid of this computer. Visit friends, family and acquaintances. Be active and stay healthy. Not for me, but for you. The next point I'm about to say @ MOIS1 shocks, surprises, or scares you. Your computer is making you stupid. I can't say it nicely. Don't call me rude because it's true. I'm going to give you an example. A student receives a classic homework assignment. Define those three or four words. Easy no? False, I'm afraid that @ NUM1 on @ NUM2 children surveyed are going home and using computers to collect homework answers. What if your child is cheating? What will happen then? They might drop out of school prematurely and live their lives like people unable to learn on their own. Is this the world we want for children? No! We should destroy the computers. Thanks for reading my article. It was a pleasure, as always, to write to you. Have a good day.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 I think computers are bad because you won't do homework because people play a lot of computers and they indulge in computers and it's daylight because you don't speak to people you don't like. 't now on the computer and it's the dagis variable because it's the same as having a myspace on the computer it's very dangish because there are dads going on the computer and people typing bad stuff on the computer.
I don't agree that computers benefit society. There are three big reasons why computers are bad, people get attached and don't spend time with their families. Others gain weight because they stay on the computer and don't exercise. In addition, some people do not get the fresh air and do not go out for a walk in a park. Computers force people to exclude their families. When a girl wants to play with her big sister, the big sister will just shut up the little sister and keep emailing her friends on the computer. Families need to stay together, but when a family member is having a family picnic or other family activities. Computers have addicting games that a person will play and ignore everyone else and sometimes a family member can fall into depression because he or she is being ignored. Another reason computers are bad is because of health issues. People will get addicted and lazy. They'll just sit in the computer chair and eat bad things all day. People would gain weight and could get dabetes because of their weight. If people don't get the exercise they need to stay healthy, they could develop heart problems and many other more serious conditions. If your weight becomes extreme, you may not be able to lose weight because your body has become accustomed to all the weight that your heart @ MONTH1 cannot support. Last but not least, people will stop going out and not go for a walk or talk with friends. People should at least go out once a day to see nature take to the air. They should go to the beach to relax and relieve all the stress of computer games. Having too much stress is bad for your health, you could fall into depression. Being on the computer too often can be bad if you sit in the dark with no sunlight, it can be bad for your eyes. So, as you can see, there are a lot of bad things about the computer. Most problems or issues all have to do with someone's health. That's why I think it's bad for the profits of the company. I hope you take these reasons to heart. Thank you!
Dear Diary, I read an article in the @ DATE1 newspaper discussing whether or not computers have a positive or negative effect on people. Even though I love my computer, I know that computers can have a bad effect on people. Computers can lead to a lack of exercise, a lack of time with family and friends, and a lack of enjoyment in nature. While computers can help people in so many ways, they can make things worse for people too. In @ LOCATION1, the obesity rate reached an all-time high of @ PERCENT1. A computer is a non-active activity, so if you use it, you won't have any exercise. Once I played on the computer for two full hours and gained two books. Your health is also very important. When you become overweight, you run the risk of diabetes, high cholesterol, heart failure, liver failure, etc. My uncle is overweight and has just been diagnosed with diabetes and now he regrets all the time he spent on his computer. Finally, the folks @ MONTH1 say that computers create excellent hand-eye coordination. Computers could do this, but is hand-eye coordination ever used? No, because this person is too busy playing on the computer, can you see how computers can affect your health? Eighty-eight percent of @ CAPS1 voted that the most important thing in their life is their family and friends. The remaining twelve percent said their computer or cell phone was their most important thing in life because they couldn't do without them. Not spending time with your family and friends is a horrible thing to do. When my mom lost touch with one of her new friends, @ CAPS2 wished she had spent so much time with them. Also, if you don't spend time with people, it could lead to socialization issues. If the only thing you do is talk to people on the computer, you develop speech problems. My neighbor, to whom I have never spoken too much, never really left his house, he always seemed to be on his computer, and no one nearby. One day someone came over and they started talking outside. When I heard some of their conversation, I was able to understand the words he was having trouble pronouncing and he didn't have a good vocabulary. Finally, you can also develop relationship problems. Not being able to see a real relationship. This is why computers can have a negative effect not only on you, but also on your family and friends. In our daily life, we observe nature and its beauty. Spending time on the computer instead of enjoying nature is horrible. For example, if I didn't go out for a whole day and had to spend my time in front of the computer, I would be miserable. Nature is a gift that should be given to everyone. In addition, air @ CAPS3 is good for your body. Without air @ CAPS3 you would be absorbing chemically modified air which is not good for your body. Finally, everyone is reading the @ CAPS4 warming on the internet but why don't we take action ! If you spend your time on the computer, you wouldn't be able to help nature. I remember when I read about warming @ CAPS4 on the computer. So I took action and cleaned up our lakes. This is why computers have a negative effect on people. Computers can be great in many ways, but it's the time you spend on them that is bad. This is why computers have a negative effect on our society.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, at @ DATE1 the world has changed so much for the better. The technology has become so advanced that there are new cures for different diseases. Computers are one of those great advantages. They allow you to communicate faster. You can follow family members and old friends. You can also talk to different people who live in another state, country, or continent. It's a quote that says "communication is the key". I will put this in more detail in my next paragraph. I remember a long time ago the only way to communicate was through letters or you had to walk. Now with computers with a single email or instant message. Someone can deliver your message. Sending a letter may take some time. Even if you call someone, they @ MONTH1 will not be home or answer. But you can get emails and instant messages. It also doesn't cost to send long distance. Which will bring you my next topic. A teacher from @ ORGANIZATION2 once said "Computers take time". For example, you @ MONTH1 are moving around and can't see them again. Then you get a new phone number and forget about other people's numbers. If you have a computer you go to this great social network called where you search the name of old friends and distant realities and find out it's really them. May you to other family members and before you know it all of you again. Now I will bring you my subject @ DATE1. The World Wide Web is a great place where people come from all over the place. On the World Wide Web, you can meet new people who do not live in your state or country. But, you find that you start to click when you meet this person, they @ MONTH1 is of a different rarity. It's ok, you can learn new things about a different culture. While the two of you @ MONTH1 have something in common, you can share other things that you love to do that you can try, so that you learn something new while having fun at the same time. Now you will see that it is time to have a computer rather than never experience it. With a computer, you can communicate faster. You can reconnect with distant relatives and old friends. You can also talk to different people who like you.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, you know that computers are an important part of our society. Since the first computer, they've been improved so much that now you don't even need a keyboard. Having computers benefits our society because it allows us to learn technology and memorize when we start typing a lot. You have the opportunity to learn things that you love. And @ CAPS2 a plus, you can connect with people all over the world. Every day you learn something new! Learn a lot now and you'll be better off on the road! That's all the teachers say. This is exactly what we will do with computers. Computers can teach us! The more you use a computer, the more you know. You can learn more about how it is made and what viruses it can have. Computers can also teach you in ways you might never have thought of. When you're sitting at a computer and typing, you start to remember where certain letters, numbers, and punctuation are. Now @ MONTH1 are you asking what about little kids ? How do they learn from computers? They sell millions of games for kids to help them learn even before kindergarten. In fact, @ PERCENT1 of all children who start playing educational games before entering kindergarten are early. It's awesome ? Children and adults both go to computers. For children, when they use computers, they are doing things they love. For example, my brother is very fond of parcore. Parcore is when a group of people are doing flips, out of buildings, walls or whatever they can find. When he goes to the computer, he looks for different travel tips that he can do or learn to do. For adults, they use it for work. They might have to research things for a meeting they might have, or a company they might have to work with. Using computers can be fun for some and efficient for others. But somehow, they're using computers in a way that can help them down the road. Communication is one of the main reasons people use computers. There is email, @ CAPS3, twitter, facebook, myspace, and more. Communication is the key when it comes to business and relationships. For relationships like family and friends, having a computer to talk to if they are far away is good. Even for businesses using these Internet communications, you can communicate with people if you are late. Computers have been and always will be an important part of our society. Computers help us in different ways like learning how to communicate and working, knowing that this technology can help us keep going is great.
Dear Readers, On the current debate about the effects of computers, I believe that they are of great benefit to everyone. For example, on some computers, business software may be integrated, which can assist a meeting on the computers. Not only is it convenient, but it saves money. Plus, computers come with built-in programs that can help you track your spending. These are simple and save a lot of time. What's more, computers also help you keep in touch with your friends. Even though they are @ NUM1 miles away, you can click a button and have a live video chat ! First of all, business software on newer computers is out of this world. You can create a sales and expense brochure with the flick of a mouse. It's a cheaper and greener way to present ideas. In addition, on the computer, you and all your customers can hold a conference call. This allows you to relax and multitask while your computer provides you with call coverage with crystal clear sound. Normally a phone should be glued to your ear, but now your hands are free. Another time when computers are handy is at tax time. Tired of running around your house to find your car bill from three months ago? Well with a spreadsheet like @ ORGANIZATION1 the taxes can be calculated with their name so when you bring the taxes to the tax advisor everything is organized. Using these tools reduces stress and leaves you less frustrated. And even better, you can purchase a tax program for your computer, so you never have to leave your couch! Consider paying someone to count your taxes year after year, when you can save a fortune and do it yourself. Most of all, computers help you connect with old friends who moved or broke up earlier in life. There are now many social networking sites on the Internet, such as @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, and @ CAPS3 where you can find lost friends. These networks also offer access to photo sharing and chat, so everyone can see how your family is doing and vice versa. Along with this, there is video chat, where you can have a face-to-face conversation with someone even on the other side of the world. This is completely private, so it is not dangerous to say the names of family members or their locations. The Internet really is a great tool! To conclude, the Internet holds a very important place in our daily life. Not only can we see who is running the @ ORGANIZATION2 game, but it also offers interactive business software. The work will never be so difficult again. Plus, the computer has programs to help you manage your spending, so you can stay on top of your game. Finally, it is also useful for all the tools that can be used to interact with friends from thousands of miles away. I believe that the computer is essential for success and happiness in life. It's a new era, let's adapt to it.
To whomever this @ MONTH1, @ CAPS1 your life without laptop or desktop. Wouldn't that be hectic? How are you going to track your email or type of articles for that same newspaper ? Although some people @ MONTH1 think that computers keep us from exercising, enjoying nature, and spending time with family and friends, computers have a positive effect on us. The list of reasons is endless, but three of them stand out: you can communicate with people in other states or countries, it is more interesting to learn from a website than from a manual, and finally @ CAPS2 will be computerized anyway. Am I right? Have your former teachers already assigned you a correspondent in another state or country ? If so, didn't you have to write letters? Then you had to wait at least @ NUM1 weeks before your correspondent answered you. If you had used computers, you would have gotten a response within days. I know many parents and other adults @ MONTH1 think emails are a waste of energy, but in reality they're faster than letters ever will be. Has your daughter or son ever told you that reading a textbook is boring ? Yes? No? This is where computers come in. It is much more interesting to use the Internet than to read a book. I understand that some students may read a book and remember all the facts they learned from that book, but various students learn differently than that. If a student learns on the Internet, they are more likely to remember it because they will not be put to sleep by the boredom of a textbook. Many people have mentioned it and some statistics show that at least at @ DATE1, @ CAPS2 will be computerized. Are you serious about being the last to be left behind? I wouldn't understand if you are a person who likes to keep up to date with the news so why not use your computer more often? When they say @ CAPS2, they mean @ CAPS2. They even have @ CAPS3 tools on the computer. So I want you to do a survey of how many people find computers efficient and you will be surprised. A lot of people will say the same thing that I said. The choice is yours, which side are you on? Thank you.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 is called @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 in grade @ NUM1 in @ CAPS5 @ CAPS6 In @ LOCATION1. I am writing to you because I have heard that more and more people are using the computer, but not everyone agrees that it benefits society. In @ CAPS1's opinion, I think it benefits society. If you keep reading I will understand why this benefits society. @ CAPS1 first reason why computers have a positive effect on people. For example, when I see @ CAPS1's older brother go to the computer, he looks a lot smarter. This @ NUM2 on @ NUM3 member of the @ CAPS1 family is learning something from the computer. @ CAPS1 second reason he teaches hand-eye coordination. For example, when I play games on the computer, the @ CAPS1 hand does everything for me. (@ PERSON1 example is we are watching the game @ CAPS1 hand is spinning) @ CAPS7 @ NUM4 from @ NUM3 some humans play games on the computer and let their hand do everything. @ CAPS1 third reason it gives people the capacity to learn. For example, when I used the computer, I also taught so much that I went most of the time. @ NUM6 of @ NUM3 students study computer science and learn things they never knew. They also have the opportunity to learn more about the computer. Some might say that people are spending too much time on their computers. However, I said that the computer helps people learn what is going on in the world. For example, they could learn about the ongoing war and how people are risking their lives for it. In conclusion, in the opinion of @ CAPS1, this benefits the company. The computer has a positive effect, I give people the opportunity to learn. I think you should put all your support into the problem.
Have you ever moved someone and wanted to stay in touch? Well, having a computer makes that happen. @ CAPS4, it gives students the opportunity to learn different places. People and more. But why don't some people hire them? The first computers let you talk online with your friends and family. For example, using email, @ CAPS1 and video chat, for example, I have a friend who has moved and we are now emailing each other to keep in touch. @ CAPS1 allows people to instantly chat and upload photos and videos. For example, my photos @ @ CAPS2 CAPS3 of my baby cousins so that people can see how they grow. Finally, some companies use a webcam to talk to other people. Tell the boss on one but to see how his employees were doing with him, he could plug in a webcam and have a chat with them. This is how computers allow people at @ CAPS4, @ CAPS4 computers to learn things, for example if a student is looking to create a topic he could type the topic on a website like bring or google and they could find all the answers they needed to help them with their project. @ CAPS4 if a family wanted to go and see it they could research it and find a hotel and sites that they might like to see, this is how the computer allows people so that the reader can read their handwriting. @ CAPS4, they help pay taxes. For example, turbo tax is an online program that allows people to pay taxes online and remembers every tax you have paid. So if a business sends you a notice saying you haven't paid a bill, you can go turbo tax and check it out. So reader, here are some of the reasons people should appreciate computers. They allow people to talk to their friends and family by email, @ CAPS1 and @ CAPS4 by webcam. They @ CAPS4 give people the opportunity to learn information about distant places and people. Finally, what is so bad about having a computer? They allow people to pay their taxes online and on @ CAPS4 type papers. Computers are necessary these days, otherwise some people could not survive without them. So reader, here are some reasons why people should easily use computers.
Dear local newspaper, Have you ever noticed how many people are always on their laptops or computers? Well, when they're on the web, they don't exercise at all. I have three seasons where people should be spending less time on their computers. People could get sick, probably forget a lot of things, and never have the future they always wanted. My number one reason people should spend less time on their computers is that people might get sick. For example, there are a lot of people who eat and eat and only use their computers. Some people become obese by doing this. When they do, they go on the Internet to find out how to lose weight, but they never do. Some people go online for surgery because they are too fat. They think it's a cure for obesity on the Internet, but the truth is, the only cure is action. Some people exercise because it's the only cure they'll get if they're not on their computer. When people surf the web, they forget a lot of things. Some people spend most of their day or even their life on their computer not knowing what else to do but surf the web. What I have seen happen is that some people forget where they are or who even are. They also forget who their family is and never contact each other at all. They are not good people. My third and final reason is not for the future. Sure, some people apply for home jobs from the computer, but the only problem is that they don't exercise enough and don't get paid as well as people who work outside of their home. . Some people wanted to do something about their life and how they can't because they are addicted to their computers. Some people have to go to therapy to be able to stop using the Internet. Do you want that? Getting sick, losing their memory, and having no bright future are three reasons people should stop using computers and start exercising. If I were addicted to my computer, I wouldn't be studying and writing this letter now. Get some exercise. Together we can make a change or find a cure.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, I think more people should start using computers. They can offer things that just write down or a piece of paper can't, like being able to learn things that aren't taught in school, you can talk with friends online and you can keep it all in one. The number one reason I think more people should be using computers is that they can learn things that aren't taught. Like current events, the history of our nation and the operation of our government. Now some people may say that you can find out about current events on @ CAPS1 or in a newspaper. But the computer can give you the news in an article and then show it to you in a video. Also, in my opinion, internet news is visually less condensed than on @ CAPS1. Another reason I think more people should be using computers is that you can talk with friends over the internet. It's great because there are @ MONTH1 people you haven't seen in a while because they moved. I had a friend who moved to Pitsburg when I had @ NUM1 and when I got your @ CAPS3 account I was able to find him and tell him about his visit for a while. Or you can just keep in touch with friends who go to another school. The last reason I think people should be using computers is that you can keep photos, videos, documents, and contacts during your tough times. It's important because I'm not very organized when it comes to school. But I started to use my book and started working on the computer. It has helped me to be less cluttered and to keep all my work in our place. It also means that you can email this walk to a teacher or rate a friend who might have missed school that day. So in conclusion that or why I think we should have more people than us computers. They can help you learn, let you talk with friends, or let you keep everything in one place. That's why I think more people should be using computers.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, computers do not have a positive effect on people. Thanks to computers, people are less active, enjoy nature, or interact with family and friends. One of the reasons this is true is that people don't exercise, they are too busy playing on computers. People are putting on weight which is already a problem in @ LOCATION1 due to unnecessary technology. There are many sports that can be played, such as soccer, baseball, soccer, and many more. People seemed to do well without a computer and were much more active before them. Another reason computers don't have a positive effect on people is that they don't go out and enjoy nature. People spend too much time looking for beautiful places and animals when they could easily go exploring outside! Take a walk in the forest or in a local park, even near the beach and you will see lots of animals. Not to mention the immense amount of different plants and flowers that they have never noticed right behind their own house! No computer or person could quickly start enjoying nature more often. Third, one of the reasons computers aren't good for people is because they don't interact with others. Some people are too busy on facebook or myspace, emailing each other or @ CAPS3-ing. Sometimes they don't even talk to who they thought they were, it's not only dangerous but also unhealthy. What is wrong with calling someone from afar ? You can actually hear their voice and know them on the other line ! It's ridiculous how people are going to email a friend down the street. It would be much easier and healthier to just walk to their house. The two of you can chat and walk around, or play a game, not just sit in front of a screen all day. Computers make interacting with other people, in person, much more difficult. With computers, people don't get active enough, don't enjoy nature often, or interact with others as much. They just aren't having a positive effect on people. You should also accept and let the computers stay with the professionals.
Dear editors, I had planned to take a trip to @ LOCATION1. I found directions in a second using a computer. Computers are great and friendly devices for people to use, but as technology evolves people are starting to rely on their computers for entertainment. Some people @ MONTH1 disagree, but there are many outdoor activities that are healthier than sitting in front of the computer all day, such as socializing, the great outdoors, and other sports. Familiar with @ CAPS1 is a great socialization program, but there are many more serious dangers. Did you know that anyone can see your profile which contains personal information? You don't always have to chat online. Call a friend and hang out at a local movie theater. A lot of people, and I agree, think that watching a movie with their friends is much more entertaining than playing online chess or any other virtual game with a friend who is a movie fan? No problem! take a walk or bike ride or walk your dog while cycling! There are so many. @ ORGANIZATION1 park. What an amazing place to spend your vacation camp vacation at @ TIME1, ride a bike during the day, it's a wonderful part of nature and the best part of you park all over the world ! Camp on the weekend location to get closer to family and friends. Hiking is a popular part of parks and can be enjoyed by all ages, so get outside and have a weekend in the great outdoors! Do not look at a computer screen. Soccer, baseball, basketball and lacrosse. These are just a few of the many fun sports. There, and yes, they are definitely fun and healthy. Every city I know has sports fields where many children and adults of all ages use. it's also a great way to make friends! Get to know them in person, not on the internet. Having fun everyday is just having fun on a computer. What are you waiting for? Stop reading this article and go out and meet new friends. Visit a local park or play sport for fun. If I had to name anything other than using a computer, it wouldn't fit into this whole journal. So go explore!
Guess what! Do you like to use computers well and I think this benefits society for several reasons. It is good to use it to get information about things, to meet people and just to expose the internet and if you keep reading @ CAPS1 i will tell you why to think this. One of the reasons I think it benefits society is because in this lifetime you have to know what's going on in the world. So instead of always watching the news or reading the newspaper. You can go on the Internet and see what is happening on the Internet. That's why I think it benefits society today. A second reason is that a computer scientist can talk on the web and meet new people. Being able to chat online with people like hungry and your friends. That you haven't seen or heard for a long time. And you don't have their number, you'll talk to them while they're on the internet. A third reason is to have a computer and always be on it. You can explore the internet and get facts about people, things and places you never knew and by going on the internet you learn more things than you ever knew before. A fourth reason is that by having a computer you can go to school on the Internet. And you don't have to leave your house because you can go to school from there and by doing that most of the people could get out of trouble because they don't leave the house. Unfortunately, I have to finish this letter, but I have many reasons and details as to why I think having a computer is a good idea. You will agree with me and why I think so.
In my opinion, I think computers have a positive effect on people. Computers allow you to communicate with people from anywhere in the world. You can discover different places much faster than if you were reading a book. Plus, many more jobs are looking for people with computer skills. It's also fun and educational. Can you imagine how harder it would be to communicate with someone who lives in, say @ LOCATION1. It would be much more difficult, don't you think? Well, thanks to computers, it's as easy as turning on your computer. Many teachers like to do penpals activities. It would be much more difficult if you had to write letters. The call would also cost much more. Plus, if you're looking for specific Florida information, it's a lot easier on a computer. You just type in what you're looking for, rather than reading tons of books, in which case you might not even find what you're looking for. The computer also has millions of pieces of information. The computer also has various images which is also good. Another good reason is that many more jobs these days want to hire someone who knows how to work with computers. You can do a lot more things on a computer than you can do on a piece of paper. For example, making animated films and video games. These things have evolved over the years thanks to computers. Finally my last reason, it's not only educational, it's also fun. Of course, you can search for information and do your homework on the computer, but you can also play games. Computers can do all kinds of different things. Computers can be programmed to have simulations for jobs like police officers, ambulance drivers, and doctors. These are all things that save lives. That's why I think computers have a positive effect on people. Without computers, our country would probably not be as developed as it is today.
People use computers every day. There are so many reasons they are always on. They might be talking to a family member. In addition, they are probably looking for jobs. There are a lot of things and people shouldn't be telling them what to do with their life. Many people at @ LOCATION1 use the computer to talk to one of their old friends and keep up to date. They might also talk to one of their family members. There is a thing called a webcam and the folks at @ LOCATION1 are using it to be able to see each other. Business people are always on the computer because they need to print documents and they probably have to send something to another country. Business people also do a lot of computer work. They can still exercise in @ TIME1 for a brisk jog, but it is also their choice whether they want to stay healthy or not, plus they are busy people. Other people who use the computer and are not business people or talk to a family member or old friend are students and parents. Tons of @ LOCATION1 students have projects every day and they have to be on the computer to research their information. Parents, on the other hand, also help their children and also talk to their relatives or those who are looking for new accommodation or a new job. If all of these people are busy, let them do the work they want to do. Once they're done they can exercise, but if they don't want to and other people tell them not to go for a walk or anything healthy, that's their downfall. . We can't in some too. They are improving every day and it does not affect us. it affects them. If they want to be on the computer, they also have poor eyesight from too much light.
Dear @ CAPS1 from @ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS2 has drawn my attention to the fact that many people are concerned about the technology boom and overuse of computers. I can assure you that technological upgrades only hurt our people. Email and @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 only diminished our already terrible communication skills. Additionally, we are spending less and less time exercising outdoors as we are trapped in a technological revolution filled with inaccurate information. Why are we hurting ourselves instead of helping? @ CAPS2 is very clear that our teenagers are growing up without any communication skills. I remember reading a compelling essay and realizing that they were using language based on @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4. @ CAPS2 is ridiculous that we forget how to use the proper grammar of the @ CAPS7 language. Additionally, I have also observed that when my friends speak they use slang terms like "@ CAPS8" and "@ CAPS9". I understand that computers are looking for a faster and much easier way to communicate, but we certainly cannot forget the work of @ CAPS10. With the, people who should hope not to become the biggest loser say @ CAPS2, but, if they continue to care for them, they will join the millions of obese people. Americans, I think when people at their computers they tend to bring junk food with them and for! Unlike spending those hours with @ ORGANIZATION2 instead of exercising and letting yourself be creative, would citizens rather pay for a computer or the vast, free and beautiful ? Plus, people are wasting their important attention. A fact that more than three of the information is therefore unreliable. Additionally, statistics show that almost @ PERCENT1 of students use it. These statistics also show that when students use these sites, they clearly score lower than a student who has performed the seemingly " daunting " task of searching for research in a textbook. What's so intimidating about @ CAPS2 ? Obviously, nothing is overwhelming. @ CAPS2 is just fun when the student gets a phenomenal grade and their surrounding classmates don't. Also, I ask you why do people flood their brains with unreliable information? In conclusion, the effects of computers on people are very negative. For this reason, many people have no communication skills. They are also more likely to become less obese and if that is not enough, they hurt themselves because they obsess over inaccurate information. I urge people to dump @ PERSON1 and @ CAPS11. PC and start seeing @ ORGANIZATION2 Nature ! She is beautiful!
Dear local newspaper, I believe that computers have a cooler effect on people. It allows people to develop hand-eye coordination, learn about faraway people and cultures, and communicate online through email or instant messaging. All of these reasons turn out to be a positive reason for using the computer. You will need computer skills in various jobs and what better way to start than now. Hand-eye coordination is one and in life. You need the jobs in, and in a few days @ CAPS1 the one who gets in the quarter mile for has to be able to find theirs and in an office you have to watch while typing. you to look popular with today. @ CAPS6, @ CAPS2, and @ CAPS3 are just a few of the many websites where people can communicate by instant messaging or email. All of these sites allow you to find family, friends and more. You can walk in with a friend who is out of state, or you can talk to someone out of this country ! A lot of people do this in their spare time to try and set up a reunion with people you know from college to college. Tons of those people didn't see were @ NUM1. So, as you can see, there are many people in our world today communicating through the Internet. So, as you can see, I support the use of computers, and I think they are essential in the daily life of people. Whether they are developing hand-eye coordination, researching a country, or contacting family and friends via @ CAPS3, @ CAPS2, @ CAPS6, the internet is much appreciated and I hope you feel the same.
The computer is a great human achievement. It is very useful for quickly finding information and has many other features. Even though computers are all useful tools in the modern world. It has a negative effect on people. People don't exercise enough because they are always on the computer. At the same time, they are socially active. The lost and probably most negative effect is the excessive amount of freedom people get on the Internet. Exercise is probably one of the most important things in living a healthy lifestyle. People should at least take a walk every day. If people are sitting in front of a whole day, it will be much more crowded. People should focus on a healthy lifestyle, not with computers on every corner. People also lose the ability to interact. Life becomes dull. Everyone is texting someone. The biggest surprise is that there is online dating. It's horrible because you might be dating a crazy person. If someone thinks they're in love and when the couple meet the couple don't know how to interact, then there are real issues. Even when you're just on the computer. You can use this time to socialize with your friends and family. The last is the great freedom that everyone has with computers. There are a lot of bullies out there who want to sell you stuff and people who want your personal information. Lots of kids sign up for something like Facebook, but they're not negligent. They put the staff like there and don't care who sends them a friend request. Computers have a lot of negative effects on people. It would be great if some how the system could be improved, and people need to be more responsible. People should be used to going out and interacting. To take a walk. Don't let computers control your life.
Have you ever had a computer? I'm sure if you were around my age you would know how much fun exploring the internet is. It's a brain that gives you information about everything. But, it's not good for you to just drop everything and go to your computer. Things like exercise, socialization, and homework are important. If you don't exercise you start to gain weight, if you don't socialize you will be a lonely person. Homework is the most important because it will help you very well throughout your life. It's okay to go on the computer once in a while, but not for hours on end. Exercise will keep you in shape, and if you plan to exercise, you should jog a few times a day. Some people make you feel bad if you are bigger than them. For example, I knew someone who was a bit tall for his age, but people didn't like him and they always laughed at him. I would suggest that you should keep your mind on things more important than a computer. Do you have ant friends? Or did they all leave you because you kept surfing the web on your computer. As a teenager, you should socialize with your friend at the movies, arcades, and parties. Not in the house on the computer. Especially with your family, because you never know if they're going to go shopping for you, you ask me it's selfishness. Since you got your computer, are you getting bad grades ? Education is the most important thing that you need in your life. Without it, you can't be or do anything because you wouldn't have a degree to get a job. If you don't have a job, how can you pay your computer's electric bill? Education can go anywhere, if you want it. Otherwise, you can be homeless on the streets with a computer that doesn't work. Do you still think it has a positive effect on people? You should talk to parents about buying a computer for their child. For example, tell the parent to put in a password that he is the only one who knows, that way he will have to ask you to connect to it whenever we need it. Blocks the things you think are important to your child, especially if your child enjoys sex. That's why I don't think it gives people the right high that they might need.
Dear Diary, @ CAPS1 the cool air that cools your skin and the wind that blows through your hair as you run side by side next to your best friend. And you think of the millions of people who spend their time chatting on the computer. You also wonder how much exercise these people would do and be able to interact with their friends and family members. Just think about your current lifestyle, is it busy with computers or is it free and wild? When you think of chatting with people, do you think of communicating in person or communicating by objective ? I interviewed friends and ended up with five in ten going home and chatting with friends online. This shocked me because this half had mainly children who did not play sports but yet they were very talkative, so with the aim of a problem that I have yet to discover. I asked questions like " what do you do at home ? "," Are you a computer geek ? ". (@ CAPS2 questions were only used to support my investigation) The next time you are asked to chat online, please decline before you become obsessed with the computer. The amount of exercise a person gets depends on who they are. There are some who live on their computers like @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 (a comcast ad) and others who don't know what a computer is (without commenting). I am here to teach the benefits of exercise, not the unnatural means of a computer. Did you know that people can lose weight by exercising ? If you just pick up that old curling weight, a curl is ten times better than a computer mouse click, don't believe me, give it a try. Interacting with people is a big part of our life, it's how we receive, give orders, and it's a much faster type of communication than sending an email. Without interacting with each other, we can suffer from depression. Depression can make people sick, for example my dad when @ CAPS5 got a divorce depression affected his body and mind. At the age of @ NUM1 @ CAPS5 had a tear in his small intestine which became infected and could have ended his life. I believe it was because of a lack of communication and it happens every day to everyone, you just have to open your eyes and understand what a computer can do to a man or a woman. (@ CAPS5 was remarried to Bonnie and now has scars on her stomach). This is a movement that should change the opinion of many, are people spending too much time on computers? Go outside and talk to your neighbor to see what he thinks about it. I really hope you consider my point.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, some people spend most of the day on computers, but not everyone. Oh, let me start with no. Not everyone benefits from the computer. Like the scientist, your banks and your schools. These types of computers help us throughout life. Without these computers, we will still be ignorant of many things. But, there are people who have taken advantage of computers. And they still do. With ruthless attacks like child pornography. One of our biggest problems in the world is child pornography. And a lot has to do with the kidnapping. Or in rare cases, parents are the cause. So there are a lot of changes that need to be made. But when it is cleared, the IT world will once again become calm.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, I understand that experts say people spend too much time on computers disagree. I am writing to you today to give you my take on the effects of computers on people with their time use, what they do and dead computers. If you would like to continue, I would like to share my thoughts with you. Computers today consume our world. People spend too much time on the computer. I believe they should set a timer on how long they are on the computer. Let's say they set a limit for hours at NUM1 and then when it's done they have to go down. I think it would help because if we spent too much time indoors we wouldn't be able to exercise enough which is not good for our health. Please continue to learn more about how we should use the computer. Parents must set a good example for children. If parents use the @ NUM2 computer, their child will think it is okay to do so. If the child then begins to spend all his time on the computer, he will not spend time with his friends. Children today need to spend more time outdoors than playing computer games. In addition, the parents and the child need to spend time together, if they are both on the computer, they cannot spend time together. Please read on on how we are going to die from computer. Dead Computer is a term I call when all we want to do is use the computer. We need to be healthy in our use of the computer. If not, we could start getting computer withdrawals and then spend more time on the computer. If you lose your computer, it will slowly start to invade our lives. I think if this happens it will be difficult to stop using the computer. Please read on to finish reading my letter. Thanks for reading how we have to deal with our time problems, how we use the computer and the dead computer. I hope you will take my thoughts into consideration. Thanks again for your time reading this.
Dear editor, I agree that people spend too much time on their computers. And if you read this, you will see my reasons. One of them will focus on exercise. The other two will concern your friends and family. So read my reasons and in the end, I hope I made my point. Alright, like I said first, let's talk about what lack of exercise is due to always being on the computer. Did you know that being constantly on the computer can cause you to lose focus on exercising? Of you eating a @ CAPS1 without exercising because you are worried about the computer. The weight you put on, you know, doesn't burn on its own. So by not burning that fat you keep gaining and gaining. By the time you find out, you'll be overweight and wish you hadn't spent all that time on this computer. How do I explain about your exercise. Where are you going to talk about your you bring on the computer everything you would do with your family. For example, your family would like to go out but you say no because of this computer @ CAPS1 the parents would @ CAPS1 because of your lack of communication with the family. I have my two reasons, let me take my third. You got hooked on bing on this computer, but you don't lose touch with your family, but also with your friends. You love this computer so much that you probably love basketball, softball, and other teams because you thought it was taking a lot of time on your computer. In the end, you would probably lose a lot of friendships. @ CAPS1 your boyfriend or girlfriend would dump you. So now that you've read this, I hope I've made it clear to you what a computer can do to you in the end.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, I am writing this letter to let you know that computers benefit society. Computers benefit society because we can learn more about the places we want to go. It also benefits society because in a few years everything will be IT. However, computers benefit society because @ MONTH1 life is easier nowadays. My opinion is that computers benefit society. Computers help everyone a lot. First of all, we can find out about the places we want to go. We want to know more about the places so that we can travel there. However, when we know a lot about this place, we may want to but our plane tickets threw the computer site, then after getting the plane tickets, you can go and find out the place / place. Second, in a few years everything will be computerized. However, @ CAPS3 will be launched on a computer site (World Wide Web). We will get our education online. There will be online games. Computers benefit society. Finally, computers make life easier. They make your life easier because instead of picking up a phone to call your friends or family you can go online to talk, they also make your life easier because instead of going to your family or friends you can aim or n 'any chat site. you had and the chat launched instant messaging. In conclusion, computers benefit society. First of all, you can find out about the places you want to go. Second, everything will be thrown on computers in a few years. Finally, computers make life easier.
Dear local newspaper, my opinion on the effects of computers on people is that I think computers are good for people not great but it's good for many reasons, so far I have three reasons why it's okay, my reasons are, looking for new places to meet new people, when people have nothing to do, and teenagers who can't do without the computer. My first reason is to look for new places and meet new people. People who have computers can go to Google and search for a place they want to go and there they meet new people and that way they don't need to be on the computer, they will be too busy with it. their new friends. My second reason is when people have nothing to do. If people have nothing to do they can still invite friends over and on the computer they watch movies without going to the movies and they don't have to pay. All you can do is download it. And also there are many movie websites. My final reason is about how teenagers can't be without a computer. teens are teens, they have to have the technology. If you take the computer away from them, they'll do something else. It will be even worse because if you tell them to go outside they will not do it the same way. Maybe what you can do is let them use the computer, but they can only use it outdoors if it is a laptop. This is my take on the effects of computers on people.
Computers benefit society, people can socialize online with anyone. You can use the Internet to communicate with people around the world. I talk to my pen pal at @ LOCATION2 almost all the time with vidio char, the most popular websites today are social. For example, facebook, myspace and twitter, these days @ PERCENT1 people have an account on at least one of these websites and the number is increasing every day. @ CAPS1 live has made video games much more social. @ NUM1 in @ NUM2 children play with a friend they know by playing @ CAPS1. By using computers, your hand-eye coordination will dramatically increase the key hand-eye coordination which is used in many sports. “I don't know if I @ CAPS2 would be a good tennis player without using a computer to improve my hand-eye coordination.” @ PERSON1, you can use the hand-eye coordination to do things faster. I can copy notes a lot faster because I can write and watch the edge at the same time. Whether you know it or not, hand-eye coordination is very important, computers can improve @ PERCENT2's hand-eye coordination. People can use computers to learn online. When you go online, you can find cool places and plan a vacation. For @ DATE1 my dad and I used the internet to find out more about @ LOCATION1, then we decided to go and buy tickets. You can learn about interesting people in the story. There are over ten billion articles about famous people in history. On the Internet, you can also learn new recipes if you are a cook. "@ CAPS2 and @ ORGANIZATION1 I learned most of my cooking online." - @ ORGANIZATION1. Online you can also learn how to improve your technique in sports. Before joining the swim team I searched the internet how to improve your swimming technique and how I qualified to go to @ CAPS3 with my team because the internet improved my time by two seconds which was enough for me to go. I believe that the computer is an incredible invention that has pervaded society immensely.
Dear journal @ CAPS1, I believe, in my opinion, that computers are of great benefit to society. The reasons why I think it is because of @ NUM1 main reasons : Computers are an unlimited source of knowledge, there are websites with online communities and it is just fun to use. Computers, as we all know, are an unlimited source of knowledge. Now as you know adults have to work A @ CAPS2 so most of the time if someone needs to look for something to work they can use a computer. Even children who go to school need to use the computer internet for something like a project or homework. Now I know everyone especially kids and teens love to talk to their friends so most people sign up for an online community website. Now, I'm very aware of pedophiles online, but that can be taken care of by having real-life friends you know to sign up as well. Finally, I must say that computers are just plain fun to use. Children like me who normally have a long, difficult day at school like to come home and rest with a good game on the computer. Now it just seems lazy, but it's a good thing to do to distract from other things. And that's where I stand in terms of endless knowledge, online communities, and just plain computer fun.
Are Computers Benefiting Society? Yes, computers benefit society. Computers give kids so much knowledge about things they couldn't do or do in real life. Another thing is that computers give kids ego or positive entertainment. Additionally, computers allow other children to interact with each other like Facebook or @ CAPS1. There are a lot of good details about why computers are good for society. First, when most kids don't know the answer to a question, they can go to Google to find the answer. Which helps in most cases. Also, when you are on Google, or any "@ CAPS2 @ CAPS3", it gives kids the option of @ CAPS2 anything and most likely getting an unreasonable response. Kids can @ CAPS2 reveal facts about other countries, famous people and even types of pets ! Another benefit of having computers is that most kids on the internet are going to have fun or entertainment, which could lead to a positive ego or better self-confidence. Just because kids don't go out to have fun doesn't mean they can't have fun indoors, either. Third, parents or any gauriden always talk about their children or would like to see them with friends. Well by having things like Facebook and @ CAPS1 or @ CAPS5 you can make new friends in town or even some @ CAPS6. The Internet can do all of these things. Finally, do computers benefit society? Yes, computers are good for society, they can give you a lot of knowledge, make new friends, and just let kids be kids. As you can see, computers benefit society.
Dear Editor, @ PERCENT1 from @ CAPS1 have and use computers every day. Computers are killing us as a nation. We must put an end to this abuse of computers. Millions of parents and children spend at least @ NUM1 minutes a day on the computer. They work or play. There are many @ CAPS2 games and other types of games on the Internet. Children use them for entertainment. But having a @ NUM2 year old child playing a game with guns is certainly unacceptable. Children are often so engrossed in these addicting games that they don't even think about playing sports or going out. As a result, the child loses much needed exercise and fresh air. It can lead to obesity or other weight problems. @ PERCENT2 from @ CAPS1 are already obese so why keep those horrible games? The last thing @ LOCATION1 needs is more kids to get fat !! There are two ways to use a computer for good and bad for good: to plan a vacation, or to work, or even to check a child's grades online. But many kids and parents don't use computers for these reasons. Children have been caught watching porn, buying illegal drugs, hacking systems and other criminal stuff. The computer is a way of doing things that you shouldn't do, while keeping your identity hidden. For example, every time I subscribe to a website to be able to play a game, it asks me for some personal information. It asks for my name, my address, my phone number and other things. So what my mom taught me to do is use false information. Thus, a hacker or a fraudulent site cannot steal my personal information. And who are we to know that people don't do that with illegal programs? Computers are dangerous for the well-being of @ LOCATION1. In addition to obesity, there have been reports of cases of a child or parent having a seizure, having the image of a game implanted in their eyes because they are not looking at it. There was even a case where a child went mad and killed his parents with rage. Computers turn children and parents into wild beasts. Parents usually try to get their children to stop playing certain games. In some cases, the parent destroys an account on a website or takes a computer for a while. These actions of the parents drove the children crazy! There have been reports of broken computers, poor performance in school, murder of parents as I said earlier, and in some cases suicide. So in conclusion, computers are a source of health problems, action problems and mental problems. If we want @ LOCATION1 to be restored to the @ LOCATION1 that we all love, then we people have to end this computer addiction!
Dear @ CAPS1, in a recent survey it was determined that @ PERCENT1 from @ CAPS2 have used or come into contact with computers. @ PERCENT2 of those who reported that @ CAPS2 uses computers every day, not just for work. This intensive use of technology creates a lack in their exercise habits, @ CAPS4, they value nature much less. Plus, people spend less time interacting with family and friends. These are devastating effects on our society. "The main reason people don't exercise," says health teacher @ PERSON1, "is because they just don't have the time." This problem can be directly attributed to the statistic that, on average, @ CAPS2 spends @ NUM1 and a half hours per day on the computer. You can tell they @ MONTH1 are learning new things or expanding their horizons. However, none or which helps these people to be or to stay healthy and fit. Being on the computer is not good for the body. Click on the following link and observe a beautiful swarm of flybirds on your desktop screen. You can clearly see his wonder, but can you feel it? Can you smell the fresh air that it flies around? The computer can only show you nature, but you have to go offline and find it on your own to truly appreciate it firsthand. Society will only be mistaken about the splendor of the world by looking at it on the screen. Computer fans will say they help you interact with people all over the world, but what about the people in the next room? @ MONTH1 computers bring you closer to people around the world, but away from people in your work, school or home. As human beings, they need contact with the outside world. Why limit yourself to typing people when they can talk to them? In conclusion, the intensive use of the computer does not benefit society. People will spend less time staying active. Plus, people will enjoy nature on a computer rather than in person. Finally, the company will not spend as much time communicating with family and friends in person. Now is the time to take a stand. It should be clear that computers are a danger to society.
I think the technological advancements in computing are great and more good than bad. Suppose you are having a hard time in school and need some serious help, you can turn to a computer for help, say you have a dear friend who moved to Florida some time ago. a week, you can use the computer to contact him. And finally if you want to discover the world, so much the better! Google search for places to discover. These are just a few reasons why the computer is useful rather than bad! Go to one of the student's least favorite things to do, but you can use the internet to help you out, @ CAPS1 ! let's say you are in geometry and fighting in the butt, go to academy @ PERSON1 for informational videos. Maybe you are a third grade teacher and little kids are driving you crazy go to @ LOCATION1 and the fun educational website. Maybe you just want to relax and learn, plug in headphones, and listen to some math help. These are just a few of the ways the internet helps with schooling. What if it is a really rainy rainy day and you are tired and want to know more about distant places in the head of a logical person, the Internet pops up in his head. Think of the computer as a big, easy-to-access library, type something into a search engine and it pops up. And if you're in Germany and you're hungry, oh no! Everything is in @ CAPS2! open your laptop for easy translation. All of these things confirm that the internet makes it easier to learn about foreign places. And finally, communication is really easy, with the Internet because, there, we use e-mails, skypes, discussion forums, etc. The middle name of the Internet is communication. And if your phone is missing and there is an emergency, you can receive the email ! What if a burglar cuts the phone lines and sneaks into your @ NUM1 home email. And finally, the Internet can be used to call @ PERSON2 and say " don't forget the red bull " when you leave. These are some of the reasons the internet is good for communication. Let's recap on this paper. Internet is ideal for communication. Also help to discover distant places. And finally help with schooling. These are the reasons why I think the internet is valuable in our time.
The effects I have on computers are good. I will talk about things that help human nature with single technology computers. How people can learn about faraway places. Help them with school and taxes. How to communicate with people who are not with you. and my conclusion with the three reasons. The effects of computers on me are very good. Because they help people learn about faraway places. Let's say a family is considering a vocation at @ LOCATION1. And they don't have nothing on that so they go to a computer and they could book a reserucition for a hotel. My second opinion on the computer is as follows. you have a plan for school and you need the right information. It's not in books to go on a computer. Say you have to do taxes online because your crippled (@ CAPS1) you might want @ NUM1 www. turbotax.com. and you pay your taxes in front of your eyes. My opinion on computers is. @ NUM2 you have a friend or family member with whom you have lost contact. Go to the computer and find them, then you can plan a day where you could make up for it / Guardians @ CAPS2 and @ CAPS3 are having problems with their child. They can face the situation on three children. and last ley my last conclusion. This is how I feel about the computer. That we need it to communicate with others. To do homework for a job or a school. Or to find out more about places you've never been before or would like to vacation. And the reason I feel like that is because I'm passionate about IT. And I hope you like what I wrote. I hope I've convinced you to love computers more.
Dear Diary, Have you ever had a nice cold cake and sat down at your computer desk? I @ CAPS1 I have computers that benefit society. One way computers benefit society is that they don't keep people in a bookstore or library for hours at a time. Another way computers benefit society is by allowing people to chat with people around the world. The last way computers benefit society is by teaching people hand-eye coordination. If you've ever been to a bookstore or library, you know how difficult it is to find the book you're looking for. Instead of spending hours on your feet, @ CAPS2 will sit on your computer for ten minutes or less. On the computer, you can get any information about any information about anywhere or anything. a book on @ LOCATION1 ! Go to the library Experts say it helps people get lots of tests done, and people who use computers have better hand-eye coordination than people who don't. Dr a health magazine that people who do not use computers are not very. Being able to @ CAPS2 is a skill it helps your mind to. As you can see, the computer benefits company helps people coordinate their eyes and hands.
For starters, the learning ability that people derive from it has improved. The @ CAPS1 source is very useful for many people. Communication is much easier than talking on the phone. I believe that computers benefit society in different ways. First of all, children and people at home and at school use computers for learning. In some classes in the school there is a special typing program that helps improve typing skills. There are also hard drives you can play with to help improve your reading skills. It's just one way to make learning fun for young children. Another great way to learn online is to go to websites that have an example math problem and print out the worksheet for practice. These are great ways to help with learning. Second, the computer has many other ways to benefit someone. They are useful for getting your local weather forecast. In winter, you can see if your school has canceled within seconds. Often times I get projects that I am asked to research a specific topic for and it is very easy to search for simple information. The computer also has various useful links for writing an article, making a PowerPoint presentation and an Excel spreadsheet. All of these resources can either help plot science class results or even type a document for @ CAPS2. These are useful ways to make your life easier. Finally, computers tend to make communication a bit easier. For me, when I'm sick from school, I like to tell my teachers by emailing them and even asking if I can do a job using Facebook, Aim, Myspace and Skype are all great. fun and fast ways to communicate with friends. All websites do pretty much the same thing, but different people, like different sites their friends are on, can email friends and family who live far and even nearby. It's a way to come and go with each other. In conclusion, you have heard the different ideas and I see computers as an advantage. It helps to learn, communicate and most importantly to do the important things that we need.
I believe computers have a positive effect on people. The three reasons I think this is because computers improve our hand-eye coordination, they give us the ability to search and find information on a certain subject. They also allow us to communicate with people that we cannot see very often. Computers, in fact, increase our hand-eye coordination. Using both the screen and the keyboard allows us to only look at the screen while typing on the keyboard. Hand-eye coordination is an important skill to have when exercising while playing sports or exercising which is also important and very good for our body. If you want to apply for a job, say in an office, and have started tripping and acting awkwardly, then @ MONTH1 will be viewed differently if you were organized and knew what you are doing. This is why eye-hand coordination is important for people. Computers also have the amazing ability to search the World Wide Web. This gives us the ability to do millions of searches for a given topic. For example, in fifth grade, I did a research project on @ LOCATION2. Without all the useful information I found on the computer. I could never have learned all that I have done. As most people already know, there was a devastating earthquake in the tiny country of @ LOCATION4. Computers were one of the ways that helped spread the word and get everyone to start helping and sending supplies and food to the victims. Plus, if a family is planning to go somewhere for a vacation, they can do most of the help on the computer. They could buy plane tickets, book a hotel room, and even hire a car for their arrival. This is what my family did while on vacation at @ LOCATION1 and everything went perfectly thanks to the computer and the ability to do everything online. This is how the computer can help you search for any topic. Finally, you can use the computer to communicate with people who live far away and whom you rarely see. For example my grandparents live at @ LOCATION3 so I use video chat to talk to them as I only get to see them every two or three years. Also, when my dad goes on a business trip to other states or even overseas, we use instant messaging or video chat to keep in touch. Finally, if you have friends or family who are fighting for America at @ LOCATION5 right now, you can also use a video chat to connect with them. So those are all the reasons I think computers have a positive effect on people. They help with hand-eye coordination, they give us the ability to search and find information on any topic through the internet, and lastly, they allow us to communicate with people we can't see very often. These are my reasons and I hope you agree with me that computers are having a positive effect on people today.
The effect people shouldn't have on computers because you need to exercise to stay healthy. You wouldn't learn anything if you played it all day. Your brain will focus on computers rather than school. You would be a bored child or adult if you keep doing this. It will be sad if you waste your life just because of a computer. The effect on people on the computer not knowing about the technology is that some people think the technology is stupid because you have a brain instead of a computer that has information in your brain if you are smart. Some people are poor and have never had a computer or heard of technology and some of them don't even have technology or electricity because they cannot afford it. 'buy a computer. The effect that they don't know about technology is that they can find the location and no cell phone, you can call your friend, go online and listen to music, play games, chat with friends and family. Play games with each other. And watch movies. Another effect is to get to know computers and how to use them, first step, turn them on. Click interesting explore and search a website to continue, it's a little hard to use the keyboard and type it fast. The last effect is talking to people you don't know online. If you are playing the game with another player, you can chat with that person. Conulison this is my whole reason why I agree with the effect of a computer on positive reason for a lot of people. This is why I agree with the effect of the computer.
Personally, I think computers are a good influence on people. It is one of the greatest inventions. With computers, you can listen to music or watch @ CAPS1, search for things for your projects or just have a good time. Computers help people create, listen to, watch and make music and @ CAPS1. When you have a computer, you can let other musicians influence you to create music. And where to eat this music should it go? In a computer to add rhythms and different voices. You can also watch @ CAPS1 there ! Not exactly @ CAPS1 but whatever show you'd like to see. Some people even create films on special programs. This is not all, however. Many questions can be answered on the computer by doing research. Cures for different diseases like cancer can be found. Even small research projects like “ Who Founded @ CAPS2 ” can easily be found with just one quick Google search. Yes, we might get lazy, but it makes people's lives easier. For example, instead of reading dozens of books, you can just search the internet for the answers. Can you even take online classes not impressed? Another great effect of people on computers is to socialize and have fun. Socializing on computers @ MONTH1 is not as effective as socializing in person, but it does make people feel more relaxed. like me, a chance to say what they think. Plus, there won't be any of those awkward moments of silence like there usually seems to be on the phone. Oh, did I mention Facebook. On the way I like Facebook. I can stay in touch with my family and friends who I no longer see. I had very close friends, but after changing schools, I never heard from him again. Until I found her on Facebook. Same thing with a lot of other people. And for the youngest, they will be bored with the billions of online games. How could you go wrong? It seems to me that computers have a positive effect on people. But what do you think. Can a big negative weigh a ton of positive? I do not think so.
Dear @ CAPS1 from my local newspaper : @ CAPS2 do you believe that garbage that so called expert says about computers ? I hope not! They say computers are a health risk because for a lot of people are on them and don't exercise, well, if you risk me, people need to know when to stop. Well when it comes to interacting with family, parents should set limits. Computers are also very handy if you need information on a topic right away. So there I think the computers are not up to par in this perdevment. Exercise is something that a person should aspire to do. @ MONTH1 people don't have that, they spend their day on the computer. they claim it is not their fault. the computer is a you to play it. I read last week that someone from Actolly told her to the press that it wasn't the fault of her weight. It is ! So the only full person. so as not to have the gamer. As we interact with the family it all depends on the parents what use the parents control over their child and if they are, their child is not spending enough time. The operator must have the will to know when enough is enough and to set the limits and limits !. If we didn't have computers at home, this would be one. Children rely on the computer for fast and accurate information. With them, parents owe their child to and from the library, and time. And let's not forget the easy Internet. So in conclusion, computers are the way to go, they are not the cause or the chance of exercise at fault. It is not the family computers fault. And they're so user-friendly, it's clear that having a computer is good ! I really hope by the letter that you agree with my opinion.
Dear local newspaper, I have a few arguments to tell you that not all computers are bad. You can use them to get information about a project, talk to your friends, or find out something you've never experienced before. My first point is that most people use their computers to get information for a project they need to do for the class. For example, they might need information for a country like @ LOCATION2, @ LOCATION3, @ LOCATION1. You can get this information in several ways. So if you didn't have a computer where could you get all of this information. If you get it from one, it might not have what you are looking for for your project. Had the computer here a greater range of knowledge then one have. My second example is that you can talk to your friends that you haven't seen or that you haven't talked to for a long time. There are many ways to do this on @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, twitter, yahoo. You could always because it is always better to make new friends. Even better for a family member. I know it's much better to talk to a family because they already know you. Finally, it's always better to release something you've never experienced before or something that you were wondering about. But you can always go to google, ask or wikipedia. They can all help you what you are looking for. But that doesn't mean you can't find it in a book, either. They are full of answers and ideas that can help you. My conclusion is that you can always find ways to get the answer you need. But it also doesn't mean that you should be sitting in front of the computer when you could go out or play with our friends. And nothing better than spending your time outdoors. So make better use of the time on the computer. Then get out there and enjoy the outdoors.
Dear local newspapers, I am writing to tell you that people on the computer are not a bad thing. How would you like to be on board? Or to join the heap while learning something? Being on the computer helps with hand-eye coordination, you can learn about amazing places and even talk with friends. Hand-eye coordination is good because it is good. Saving millions of people in war eg my grandfather went to @ ORGANIZATION1 and @ NUM1 people were shooting at him but he had good computer hand eye coordination it saved his life less people will injure themselves like having their hand nibbled in the car door. There would be more to do. Plus something as important as hand-eye coordination is learning ! On the Internet you can learn anything and everything. if you learn from distant places you will be able to broaden your conversation, people will think you are smarter and you will feel good, not just what other people think you sin gets really smarter. Most importantly, you can talk to friends! If you take for your friends it can boost your self-esteem and when you go to school you will socialize. Did you know that @ PERCENT1 people do better in school if they communicate online ? How would you like to be proud of yourself every day? Talking well online helps! This is why I am writing to you to share all my ideas and concerns. Hope you consider them and share them with the rest of the world.
Imagine our beautiful city filled with unhealthy, lazy, non-interacting and addicted people. The problem to be solved is that whether you the locals spend more time on computers or not, I believe @ PERCENT1 that we shouldn't be spending all of our time on computers. It can ruin your eyesight, you don't appreciate nature when interacting with people and most importantly it makes you very unhealthy. Can you imagine someone @ CAPS1 in your town blind and wearing glasses or even going to @ CAPS1 @ DATE1 ? Just ask eye @ PERSON1 "@ CAPS1 year I get and more and more people come to ophthalmologists. You could say it's good for me but it's not good for you. When you are still on the computer, it erodes your eyes - sight over time. "@ CAPS2, many people wear glasses more than ever. @ DATE1 @ DATE1 in the local newspaper they had a chart that showed how many people had lost their sight over the years from computers. It has increased by almost @ PERCENT2 compared to @ DATE1 year and @ PERCENT3 compared to the previous year. Almost everyone who has a computer and is addicted to it has glasses. Have you looked outside lately? Did you notice that @ DATE2 is coming up and there are now leaves on the tree ? If you were one of the people glued to your computer monitor, I doubt you were. Computers and technology waste your time with your family. Many work on the computer how that is not a @ NUM1 job. During this time, you could spend some time with your precious little girl or even the best friend in nature having fun. @ DATE1 year I wanted to play wrestling with my dad, but I was on his old computer doing what he does. I didn't want to play alone so I stayed inside and went to my computer for the day. Do you want this to happen to person @ CAPS1 everyday I wouldn't. Yes, people would rather be couch potatoes and chat online, eat a million crisps of junk food instead of going out and interacting while getting in shape, but now it's important that you do. Imagine a little lazy, obese. People sitting on their sofas all day with blood in their eyes after staring at the monitor for hours. But why are you asking for more than you @ MONTH1 is because they never have one outside. They never jog or eat healthy food. It is very unhealthy and can increase your chances of getting different cancers. Just ask @ PERSON2 from the hospital, "@ DATE1 a guy was rushed to the hospital due to very common cancer resulting from an unhealthy lifestyle he passed away @ NUM2 days later. It was very sad. " I firmly believe that being on the computer for too long is a very bad idea. It can ruin your sight, you will never be able to see nature and interact. But above all, it is very unhealthy. It's now or never, you'd never know if you could be that man in the hospital with this cancer. The problem is, should you take that risk or stay fit, healthy, and happy? So enjoy it, eat healthy, snack and limit your time on the computer.
More and more people are using computers, they like computers for remote places or news. Computers are good for everyone in this world. Know that we can live without a computer. There are others who don't like the computer for nothing. I know there are family or friends who have computers, they are written like in myspace. You could have friends from anywhere or family. But computers are spending too much time on their computers.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, I have some thoughts on the tech going on these days and how many people are avoiding the idea of further advancements for the understandable reasons that it takes people away from family and it distracts people from the rest of the world, I see their point of view, but I would like to make a point myself. While statistics show a drop in @ PERCENT1 in recreational activities, people are also finding more things to do and now that the world is more concerned about the environment you will probably see people coming out again because they heard talk about a new group of environmental actors to join or they watch a movie that pokes fun at the live role-playing game and decides to give it a whirl. What I mean is you never know what you're going to find out in the media and it's better than being out all day without any inspiration, waiting for your parents to come home and give you information from outside your small world. The other element that I will mention is the music industry and how it is revolutionized with more advanced and different ways of listening to it. In fact, the only problem with music today is the artist and the way he takes advantage of recording studies and sometimes to gain notoriety! Without doing anything other than sitting down and lip-syncing. But the technology of the day gives us the ability to listen to music in the golden age of music now. So why not go ahead and invest in the music industry, it will provide entertainment and fun for years to come. The advancement in technology is that the music industry is actually probably good for the economy too, I mean if we didn't @ CAPS4 new @ CAPS3 to call every year that would be a huge drop. of stock prices that wasn't in a crash yet, but would be better @ CAPS4. This also goes for cell phones and any other hardware that is frequently upgraded, it's just good for business. You see i believe the purpose of life is joy so what better than settling down with mabey, date, candle light and romance or thriller on @ CAPS4.V most people will enjoy sitting down and watching tv, easy to relate. Television has evolved in so many ways, it's a way to lay down and relax, to learn so many different things. I help us keep abreast of current events, show the things we want to do and show us how to do it. For example, I learned a lot from.
Dear @ CAPS1-Republican, @ CAPS2 benefits society in a positive way, but they also have a negative effect. Computers allow people to chat / voice chat / video chat with family members in other countries which would be very expensive or impossible over the phone. They also offer learning experiences with many resources at your fingertips. One positive effect of computers is that they allow you to connect with people around the world. Programs like skype and allow you to video / voice / chat with people around the world at no cost. To make such a phone would be very expensive. It gives you the opportunity to see family members that you rarely see. Another positive effect of using computers is the resource and information provided to you. The Internet contains almost all possible information. Make a research paper, go to wikipedia and the topics you will find information. Internet can help. @ CAPS2 offers you lots of great mind / puzzle games that you couldn't normally do. There are a lot of good things on the internet. Lots of things that help get your mind flowing. Can't afford the newspaper? Read articles and stories directly from the Internet. The last reason I think @ CAPS2 has a positive effect on people is because it replaces. A lot of people, instead of going to @ CAPS3 will go to @ CAPS2. No matter what you do, you usually do more on the @ CAPS2 than on the @ ORGANIZATION1. That's why I think computers have a positive effect on people. Computers are certainly our future. You can play games, audio / video chat, and even read the newspaper.
Dear @ CAPS1, I recently found out that you are arguing about computers on people. In my opinion, I think they have a neutral effect on people. Computers are used for many things these days. Research, act of communication. maybe the reason young people spend so much time in computers is because they have a lot of homework on the computer, "@ CAPS2 this", "@ CAPS2 that", people don't not believe in the idea of passing, we have to go to the computer. And for adults, when you work with big companies, you work with people from all over the world. Instead of settling on all of these meetings, you can just do it by webcam. Yes, I see your concern that people are spending too much time indoors on their computers, but what about people who like to read or play music, they might spend hours practicing or reading. What is the difference? And you never know, maybe being on a computer for someone is like a sport for another. Computoras are found just about everywhere in homes, schools, and even criminal and medical labs. Calculation or primary database source, @ CAPS4, criminal records and much more. Without math, how could you catch the bad guy or get cancer before it's too late. Computing is the key to a lot of things. in the end, you could spend the whole day on the pros and cons of calculations. But here, so important in major aspects today, the advantages outweigh the disadvantages.
Dear @ PERSON2, Have you ever noticed how different our society is today, even from just ten years ago ? It's because of the computers. Yes, it is true that the computer gives us advantages such as messaging and information, but it also takes away some of the most important aspects of life : staying in shape, enjoying nature and spending time with the outdoors. family and friends. Without them, life would be horribly useless. While surfing the web @ MONTH1 was fun, it turned out to be unhealthy. “ If a person spent more than two and a half hours on the computer every @ TIME1 for about a month, they would see a sudden increase in their earnings. And if she maintained this behavior, she could gain up to a third of her initial body weight until medical help is provided, "says @ PERSON3, obesity specialist at @ ORGANIZATION1. In addition, @ PERCENT1 of all computer users online snack, which only increases weight gain even more. Unfortunately, those who spend a lot of time on the computer are generally not okay with working out. exercise either. instead of going out for half an hour of their computer time to play with the dog, jog or try aerobics, computer enthusiasts generally remain before the screen. it's a shame , because it causes them health problems and maybe even the following generations. Nature, is more than ever ignored @ CAPS1. @ PERSON1 can remember when the tracks @ CAPS2 were invaded by people. "@ CAPS1 "@ CAPS2 says" They are overgrown with woods and. It's harder to get rid of these people. " But it's live, the trails and that to be fuller nature lovers are numbers. Due to new technologies today, especially computers, the beauty of nature is almost completely ignored. Some worry if this will go away altogether and instead of trying to maintain what is left, just let it. Hopefully the next generation of people will recognize these horrible mistakes. Doctors, @ CAPS3, everyone is seeing more and more how computers affect family life How often do you have dinner with the whole family When you don't, where are you most of the time? On the computer? That's what I thought. When computers and other technology are available, you are much less likely to actually interact with your family and friends. Ms. @ PERSON4, a grade teacher @ NUM1 to @ LOCATION1, noticed that her family spent less time together than ever before when each family member had a laptop. @ CAPS2 thinks this separates his family. Do you? As you can conclude, computers have a terrible influence on society: people don't take the time to stay fit, nature is completely ignored, and rates of family interaction are low. What can we do to fix this problem ? Just set aside a little time each day to observe these aspects of life. This way, life with computers will be beneficial after all.
I don't believe computers benefit society. Children can learn more, but they spend too much time online. When kids talk to people online, they don't know if it's really someone you know. There are technical issues with them unstacking the files. It is for these reasons that computers do not benefit society. Children spend too much time on computers. Computers teach you more, but they also have games. Children spend most of their time playing rather than studying. Children can become aggressive if they lose exercise. This is what is happening today. Children lose exercise and get heavier. They may even lose interest. All they want to do is go to the computer. Children talk to people, how do they know who they really are? People can create a fake email address and create a fake account on @ CAPS1 or @ CAPS2-space. These people want the children's personal information. Also if you are talking to someone who is named after someone you know. The person might just be a freand. Like me. I was talking to @ CAPS2 cousin on @ CAPS1 (the account said his name) but it was his wife. That's why you have to be careful what you say and who you really talk to. Computers have viruses. When computers are infected, they can delete the files you want to save. If you had a news video, you want to keep it. You put it in your favorites, they get a virus which deletes the file. The video is how off the website. Sometimes your computer no longer brings you to the wedding. You have to click a lot of places to get there. For these reasons, that is why computers are not beneficial to society. Children spend too much time on computers. Children can talk to people they don't know about themselves. Computers have technical problems that delete files. Keep in mind that there are many other reasons that computers are not good for society.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 brought to my attention that those who support advancements in technology believe that computers have a positive effect on people and others disagree with this comment. From my perspective, I believe that computers affect some people today and that people spend a lot of time on computers. The time spent on computers is becoming scandalous! Many people stay at home and stay on their computers to play games. While the computer can be a great way to pay bills and connect with other distant people, people are taking advantage of computers and even billing others online. Since you are not right in front of the person or near the computer, many people can say threatening things without anyone else knowing which could cause fights or other terrible things. The computer can also be very dangerous in many ways. For example, sites like myspace and twitter can be dangerous for teens because of rape. A random person has just started talking to you and asks you to meet them at a location that could be dangerous. Computer is also dangerous as you might have inappropriate photos posted on websites of you without even knowing @ CAPS1 ! The last reason computers and laptops affect people is hacking. This is a big deal, especially if you have a webcam. Some people know how to save your webcam and may watch what you are doing without your knowledge. People can also hack your computer and view all of your documents. I think computers have a big effect on people today and this effect should be resolved !
Dear Diary, I think computers have both positive effects and @ CAPS12 on people. However, I think there are more positive effects than @ CAPS12. Some of these positive effects would be that they are essential for education, a very useful place to communicate, and they can be fun. My first reason for supporting computers would be that they are very educational. For example, you can search for almost anything. If you do your homework and forgot an answer. Another reason @ CAPS1 is educational is that you can type your paper on @ CAPS1 so your teacher can actually read your writing. If @ CAPS1 is disordered. On this, you can work from home if you are sick or on vacation. But how do you send @ CAPS1 to your boss ? Email of course! which brings me to my next topic ; @ CAPS2. @ CAPS2 is another cool thing about computers. There are so many different ways to communicate; @ CAPS1 is amazing. Take I @ CAPS4 for an example. You can @ CAPS5 to peoples cell phones. You can @ CAPS5 to other people who are @ CAPS7 or you can just @ CAPS5 on some websites like @ CAPS9, @ CAPS10 and many more. You can also chat with people on topics like and @ ORGANIZATION1. These are just a few ways to communicate on the computer. Finally, I'd like to tell you about some fun things you can do on computers. First of all, you can buy games from a store and download them to your computer. Personally, the sims are my favorite. I understand that computer games can be a negative thing because they are addictive, but if you don't keep playing for hours and hours then I don't see what the problem is. Also, they have educational games so that learning can be both fun and educational. Another thing that you can do is play free games or download the game from internet to your computer for it to be both quick and easy. For @ CAPS11, computers can be both @ CAPS12 and positive, but I've chosen to look at things positively and think you should too. After all, computers can be educational, a social network, and fun. Son @ CAPS13 my positive eye ... you will not regret it.
Dear local newspaper About computers; Their pros and cons, I have to say both sides provide very important reasons why you should and shouldn't use computers, I think computers are very important for many students like me. First of all, computers help me and my classmates with a lot of homework. Some of us just don't have the time to go to a library and look for a book that might even contain the information we need. On the Internet, you can find the same amount of valuable information or more! It also helps develop your hand-eye coordination. Some people say "you can also learn hand-eye coordination outdoors? Although this is true the typing is very fat and neat. As you can see my hand is not the best but I type very. fast and I make little mistakes so I don't need the neatest handwriting the way I see it computers are the fastest way to do a lot of things So if you spend time writing neat, you won't even be able to go out and see nature. my dad is an environmentalist and he uses computers. Sometimes the easiest way isn't always the best way, that's why we have to have a balance. Don't ask people to stop using computers, but to balance their time with them. Everything is good if it is balanced. for example, caffeine, in large quantities is rather unhealthy but when you need a little you turn to caffeine and it helps, pa reil with computers. Plus, computers are now being made everywhere, trying to get rid of them is just plain unreasonable. We are already in a recession we don't need any more trouble. I prefer to talk with my friends face to face, but if you can't, a computer is a perfect alternative. So you see that computers are always useful for a certain balance, that's the answer !
Would you like to discover new things and explore amazing mysteries around the world? Do you like having friends abroad? Want to relax and have fun after @ ORGANIZATION1? Cutting-edge technology today allows you to do almost anything that would have been considered impossible @ DATE1 decades @ DATE1. We have to decide whether computers have a positive or negative effect on people. I firmly believe that computers provide society with many benefits and opportunities. Who wouldn't agree that computers are dedicated to educational purposes ? Computer scientists have invented countless programs that make @ ORGANIZATION1 easier for children. For example, @ CAPS1 helps you with testing and reporting. With its program, teachers would not hurt their eyes while trying to read compositions written by hand by students. @ ORGANIZATION2 helps you organize and calculate, @ ORGANIZATION3 gives you @ ORGANIZATION3 to create dynamic presentations. Many schools have a computer lab so that students can perform their tasks @ ORGANIZATION1. @ ORGANIZATION1 has also acquired handy-sized laptops to help students complete their projects and pass tests. This saves a lot of paper and a lot of trees! Additionally, many colleges offer their courses online. You can get a university degree right at home without having to travel. Education has never been easier, thanks to our network and advanced computers. It is very important to mention the entertainment benefits of computers. I have noticed that many teenagers play cool games on the net. They seem to greatly appreciate this opportunity. It's a perfect way to unwind after a stressful way of getting down to the computer and listening to the latest songs. Some websites offer downloadable songs for free, so you don't have to worry about the financial part. Moreover, you can watch movies online anytime, as large sections like horror, romance, comedy, fantasy or even kids movies. No more movie tickets, no more driving to the theater. Without a doubt, computers can put one in everyone's face with its entertainment benefits. Many people think that computers, both children and adults, are always removed from their social life, but in reality, computers give them a chance to communicate with other people in the world. Ten @ DATE1 @ DATE1, who would have thought they could chat and speak directly with the same one thousand miles @ DATE1, without mail or phone or what more? I came to @ LOCATION1 @ DATE1. I am extremely grateful for computers because I can keep in touch with my friends and family. I can just send them pictures of the snowy winter landscapes here for a minute. Could it get much easier ? computers definitely improve communication and bring people together. Let’s not wait any longer. Computers have endless positive effects and should be popularized. They help you learn, have fun, and communicate with people far away. Beyond all this new technology is making the earth a greener place by saving paper and trees. Don't just sit here and wait to educate people on the benefits of computers today.
Dear @ CAPS1 : A @ CAPS2. Can you believe that this little piece of technology influences our daily life? The question that many people ask is, do computers have a positive or negative effect on people ? In my opinion, although computers help in some aspect of everyday life, I think it gives negative effects. I have several reasons for this belief, but the three most important will be stated. First of all, people are too busy on their computers that they spend less time. People are also busy with their computers and spend less and less time enjoying nature. Last but not least, people are so engrossed in technology that they barely spend time with friends and family. So in my opinion, I think people should have access to technology and the real world. Have you ever walked down the street and seen someone the size of a rock? well, that's not a pretty sight, is it? What I mean is it can happen to you, let me change that for everyone. Nowadays, people spend less and less time exercising, but instead sitting at home on the computer, or slouching on the couch with a laptop. People ignore their health and instead stay on the computer. I for one know how hard it is to resist playing computer games, but you shouldn't let a little @ CAPS2 take control of your mind and now your future. Nature. The most wonderful thing in the world, I say the second most wonderful in technology. Have you ever turned on the television and seen nature's beauty? Well you can thank and global warming for that. When people use computers, they burn fuel which harms our environment. People are technology, they don't care about their surroundings and their surroundings. If I were one, I would say "@ CAPS3 less computers and @ CAPS3 greener !" @ CAPS4 ..... it's the luxury of having a family. Family and friends is the most important thing. On computers, a lot of people are family and friends. For example: @ CAPS5: @ CAPS6 do you want to ride a bike? Jean : @ CAPS7. I want to play on my computer. Children and adults were alone. In my most important family opnion, unlike a piece of metal that has a screen. In conclusion, I think computers have a regular effect on people, you people life through it. People spend less time looking after their health and making technological advances. They all spend less time in the big park or just enjoying the beauty of nature. Most importantly, there is less interaction with friends and family. But, this is only my opinion, it won't mean anything if you don't agree. I consideration.
Dear editor, I think computers are a good thing to have around the house. They are very useful and entertaining. For example, they make it easier for @ CAPS1 to stay in touch with your distant friends and family, they help you learn things or get to know important news, and they are also great entertaining for people of all ages. This is why computers are one of the most valuable things to have in your home. One of the many things a computer can help you is keeping in touch with family members of friends who live far away. Computers can be used for this purpose because someone can use Facebook, Twitter, or Skype when using one. “ I love Facebook because I can keep in touch with my family at @ LOCATION1, ” @ PERSON2 says. Additionally, researchers say people who have Facebook, Skype, or Twitter accounts become closer to their family than people who don't. A computer can also be used for educational purposes. Many people like to use educational computer games to prepare their elementary students for school. "@ CAPS1 is having fun and getting my son ready !" says a local mother of a video game. Studies show that computer games are @ PERCENT1 better for preparing a child for school than textbooks and worksheets. One of the favorite reasons for keeping a computer at home is entertainment. On a computer, anyone can play cards, chess, pinball, or on gaming sites like addictinggames.com, go to youtube.com to watch videos, or more. “I like to spend some of my free time on addictinggames.com,” @ PERSON1 says. Also, after doing a survey. I have found that @ PERCENT2 of children and teens prefer online games to board games. As you can see, there are many reasons why having a home computer is important. There are also a lot more than what I listed. However, I think the main ones are keeping in touch with friends and family, using the computer for educational and entertainment purposes. I am very grateful for my home computer as I use @ CAPS1 every day for these purposes, as do everyone in my family. A computer is one of the most important things in the average home.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS1 posission on the issue of computer controversy is that computers are good and so vital in today's everyday world. Computers are a good medium for communication, they are the primary source of information for most people, and businesses also use computers for various important tasks. Computers are a great way to communicate. You can @ CAPS2 with your friends, email your peers and now there is a website you can go to where you can talk to your friends or a stranger. Being human, I sometimes forget the homework or schoolwork of @ CAPS1. In this situation, I would just go to the computer @ CAPS1 and @ CAPS2 a friend asking them for the assignment. It's quick and easy and it works. There are also websites where you can talk and connect with other people who have the same interests as you. It's a great way to make friends online. The computer goes beyond just letting you talk, allowing you to connect with people, wherever you are. Do you already have a question that you instantly want or which? Just go to "google" or "@ CAPS4", tpye in your question and receive one immediately. Do you have a research paper due on @ PERSON1 ? You can do all of your research online. There are thousands of information-laden websites that can do anything and everything. You can enter your topic into a search engine and find hundreds of sources. You can easily refine the information on the topic you want or find the name of the song you just heard using your computer. Computers are also used in a commercial environment. Computers are used to transmit messages to different people in the world. They are also used for creating and presenting marketing campaigns and maintaining product ideas. Many businesses also use the Internet as a source of advertising and require advertising to sell their products. The computer is therefore necessary to function as well. So in conclusion, computers aren't overused, they're just used for so many things that at some point everyone will need them. They are a good medium of communication, an important and primary source of information and they are also used in business environments.
I think computers have a positive effect on people because you can communicate with different places in the world. Store items on it and use them for entertainment. Computers have a positive effect because you can communicate with other people in the world. This is good because instead of calling people, you can go to the computer and talk to them for free. Long distance calls are expensive. But if you can just go to your computer and talk to them, there will be no charge. Being able to talk to other people on the Internet is very useful and fun. If there was no computer, people would talk to so many people and social life would be bad, which would make life less exciting. This is one of the reasons why I think the computer has a positive effect on people. Another reason computers have a positive effect on people if you have a lot of paperwork lying around is a barrier. Well if you have a computer there are some features that you can store and because a lot more organized. By being more organized, there is less stress when you start to feel better about losing things and being able to find them. This is why I think computers are very big and useful. The last reason I think computers have a positive effect on people is that people can use them for entertainment. Computers can do a lot of things like playing games, listening to music, watching videos, and chatting with your friends. Being able to play games for free on your computer is great. If you can't get a gaming system, you can go to your computer and play pretty much any game or pretty much whatever game you want to play. A computer can also play music. You can have @ CAPS1 and upload music to something or go to websites that have music in it. You can also make video chats with your friends if they live far away. Hope I convinced you to love computers more and to think that they are great and have a positive effect on people. Being able to play games, store things, and chat with other people is pretty amazing.
Dear editor, @ CAPS1 do you have a computer? @ CAPS1 your kids spend all their time on it talking to people or going on facebook or myspace? Well, it's fun and all for a few hours, but some people spend a lot of time in it. They don't go out to exercise or interact with family and friends. Plus, they @ MONTH1 end up in trouble at school or at home. If you spend all of your time on the computer doing what you're doing, you won't have time to get outside and exercise. Not only will it be appealed but it could be dangerous for your health after a while. All your time is sucked into the computer and when you are there it feels like you haven't been turned on for a long time and it ends up lasting a few hours. It even happens to adults, my mom was on the computer for about an hour and she felt like it was only a few minutes. When you're on your computer for several hours, you tend to get sucked in and not interacting with anyone. I know this from experience. A few months ago, I spent about a month coming home from school and spent several hours in front of the computer. It affected my life a lot, I stopped going out on weekends with my friends, I always wanted to stay home when my family didn't want to go out. Then my mom confronted me about this and I realized that all of my time on the computer was not good. I missed a lot of things. Children @ MONTH1 also come home or school if they are on the computer for a long time, they @ MONTH1 and not @ CAPS1 their homework and end up failing a class and then staying behind. Statistics show that @ PERCENT1 of children who stay on the computer for a long time end up failing a class or staying in the rack. They @ MONS1 are also in trouble at home because they don't @ CAPS1 their chores because they are busy at the computer and neither the child nor the children like to fight with each other. Now I know in a way it's good to have computers and to be able to use them to be able to search for information and it's good to sometimes talk to people on the computer for a little while but d Being on the computer for a little while but being on the computer for too long has worked you and your social life really messing up. So all I'm trying to prove is that computers are an amazing invention, but we should just use them a little less and go out and exercise, and have fun with our family and friends and @ CAPS1 well at school and at home so that @ CAPS1 gets to spend time on the computer. Hope you see it my way now.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, I am writing to you about how technology affects people. My point is that some people think that computers take a lot of people's time, I will tell you how technology prevents people from exercising and gaining life experiences. Now I will explain to you in more detail. My number one reason computers affect people is that they can't exercise when their face is glued to a computer screen all day. And especially with the number of children playing video games or playing on the computer, the obesity rate in children will slowly increase because they will not exercise or they will simply become very weak. This is why computers have a negative effect on people by not allowing them to get the exercise they need. My second reason for saying that computers have a negative effect on people is that they will not be able to gain life experience. I say this because when something asks you "@ CAPS3, what did you do today ?" your only answer might be "@ CAPS4, can we change the question to what I didn't do today ?" @ CAPS5 when you are on the computer all day, you will not be able to explore and observe nature well, you might be able to do it on a @ CAPS6 server, but it is not the same. And even when a parent asks you if you want to go for a walk you should, you might learn something or see something that you might not be able to see on a daily basis. This is why computers have a negative effect on people when their face is glued to a computer. So now I am going to close this letter and I hope you see that exercising and gaining life experiences will change your life forever.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 : People at @ CAPS4 are skeptical about whether or not computers benefit people. I firmly believe that computers indeed benefit mankind as they allow people to talk online with their relatives and friends across the world, and learn more about these foreign places. Computers take nothing away from life, but show it through fascinating syntheses. Computers allow people of all ages to interact with others on the World Wide Web. Sometimes it's best to meet people in person, but that's not always the case. Which @ CAPS5 do you have relatives or friends in another country ? The Internet is the best way to contact these people. Also, which @ CAPS5 are you in a bunch or group and need to contact them while you are out of town ? Social sites like facebook or myspace allow group members to talk and discuss topics at the hotel or wherever he @ MONTH1 is. In addition to these two reasons, students can get the missing work and email the teacher at their home. This allows the student to get their lesson and catch up on anything they missed. The technological breakthrough of @ DATE1 known as computers makes it possible to interact with other people as well as to learn from distant lands. @ The folks at CAPS4 including myself want a little bit of culture in their life and walk around this bustling planet we call Earth and find out what's out there but can't reach this goal. The computer saves us time and money to do these things. All we have to do is open a search bar, type in a word, and boom, we look at @ LOCATION2, @ LOCATION3, or even @ LOCATION1 fields. Any place you want is yours. On top of that @ CAPS5 a new tourist attraction is emerging, whether it is an amusement park, monument or historical find the internet can show us. We can see things that we would see @ CAPS5 we were present on site, but instead on a monitor in your home. The computer allows you to do @ CAPS4 things without actually encountering their events. In conclusion, computers are useful because they allow us to do things that we might not be able to do under certain circumstances, such as talking to people on the internet or learning about foreign countries. Not everyone can do these things, but everyone who has a computer can.
Imagine what people felt back in the day when there was no great technology. What if you haven't seen your best friend in years and live remotely? Well now it's this advanced machine called computer. It is very good and it is a very practical activity, which helps you with the cornea of the eyes. However, @ CAPS1 is going to tell you something about this device and now it affects the daily life of humans. Plus, the categories have a great relationship, online courses, and featured on top local websites. Did you know that @ PERCENT1 from @ CAPS2 have successful lives with online dating. There are tons of people struggling with relationships. For example, one day my mom and dad had a series of arguments. She felt that the relationship was not good enough and that she needed to meet a better man. On the other hand, she decided to live a better life and find dates (on the computer) and live a new life. These are the fantastic things you can do on the computer to have a better relationship. You're a high school dropout because you can't keep up with class. You fail to hand in your homework and fail all the tests. Moreover, you feel that there is nothing you can do to fix it. Well not so fast my son! You can now take online classes to improve your grades and feel comfortable. Imagine sitting at the computer, finishing each assignment and doing all the homework you can. Watch your teacher teach you, through a webcam. There is no such thing, in fact you receive the homework by fax. Someone in this world is living this life, it could be you. There are new websites all over the world today. However, there is no better website with all of your friends on it. For example, myspace, facebook and twitter. All the websites that can keep in touch with your best friends. Another, which may be even more interested, is the webcam. It is filmed live from home face to face on the computer. Is it cool to see your friend when you're not together? Third, communication makes the world go round, which is why more and more people meet new friends. In summary, as you can see, there are a lot of fun things you can do on a computer. It affects the life of humans as more and more people are interested in this device
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 wastes your time learning at home when is that what schools? People fear that too many people are spending too much time on their computers. They spend less time outdoors, exercising and enjoying nature ! People need more time to interact with their families. People are worried. They fear that there is too much computer time. My mom had just bought a new computer once, and I stayed up all night on the Internet. When I woke up in the morning I was so tired and didn't want to go to school. I think you should consider less computing time. The more people use their computers, the less time they spend enjoying the outdoors. Insted to tell you on myspace that they are just down the street at the park with them. @ NUM1 on @ NUM2 people in @ CAPS2 who use a lot of computer time. To interact is to enjoy nature and have fun. Family activities are a fun, fun and enjoyable way to spend your time. You can go to park when the weather is nice outdoors, swim, play sports, in winter you can possibly go to the cinema, go to the mall, have fun with the family, do not waste your time on the Internet. In conclusion, there is too much computer time and you as the editor of the newspaper I advise you to make the computers more expensive so that people can spend their money on something more useful because there is too much money. computer time. My mom says that "the more people use computers there, the more they put their feet in their shoes and walk outside!" People @ CAPS3 in @ LOCATION1, @ CAPS2 think the same. Please consider my opinions in the right way. Thank you
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, have you ever marveled at the computers of our generation today ? Have you seen all the interesting and amazing things that computers allow us to explore? Computers are believed to advance our society because of their ability to display websites with simple and diverse searches. However, let me ask you the following question : Have you ever wondered if computers really ruin someone's life ? Well, people who use computers drown in them and ignore the necessary physical activities that can be achieved by being outdoors. Also, people who spend their time in front of a computer screen don't interact with their friends and family as much as they normally would. Also, a major threat that teens and children face while on the internet are people trying to talk to them online and could become a danger to children. In order to help people pee, we must be aware of the negative effects of computers! If oyu was talking in the park or even visiting a field, you would probably be someone who enjoys the outdoors. When I say @ CAPS1 means like playing soccer or soccer, or playing Frisbee, @ CAPS2 doing this rather than just sitting and looking at a computer helps her body stay healthy. When you are on the computer, no healthy activity is involved. Do you prefer to see yourself healthy and active or lazy and lazy ? Good. when summer comes, my friends and i usually go out to the field to play soccer. In addition, we sometimes go to the beach and enjoy the cool and refreshing water in the swimming pool. Not to mention, we even find activities to do during the cold and freezing winter like sledding and snowboarding. @ CAPS2 needs to get out and sit down, look up from the computer screen and get out and smell the fresh air. The feeling of being on the outside will lift your spirits and turn you from a person in a trance to one who feels alive! As well . Have you ever gone home and retired to your room for a bit? Then you decide to go to the computer to get away from your troubles. "@ CAPS3 is ready, a family member informs you ; however, you do not respond because you enjoy the computer so much. Computers interfere with your connection with family members and friends. In addition, many people are sitting in a tence-like state while at the computer, blocking all outside communication. Computers don't help families reunite, they separate them. This creates an unhealthy family, which is bad because people need to have a strong bond with family. Studies show that the average time a person spends on the computer is five hours ! It takes a long time, so families cannot spend time on the computer. time with each other. A major problem that children and adolescents face is @ CAPS2 on the Internet are people known as “child predators.” “@ CAPS4 people usually seek to hurt a child by getting them information and meeting them. Research shows that @ PERCENT1 of children encounter @ CAPS4 "child predators ; would you like your child to be hurt by horrible people from @ CAPS4 ? Computers are the reason, with the internet for the specifics @ CAPS4. Children and adolescents must be protected from this major threat! In conclusion, computers have negative effects on people and their lives. First, they do not allow people to be active and to get out.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 Has this ever happened to you ? " @ PERSON3, have you done your research ? " " @ CAPS3, my computer crashed. " "@ PERSON1 have you practiced typing @ TIME1." "@ CAPS3, my computer has crashed." "@ CAPS5, why weren't you online @ TIME1 ? I really needed this sales report !" "I'm sorry @ PERSON2, my computer has crashed." @ CAPS6 it @ CAPS2, you realized that computers benefit people. Whether it's doing a class project, practicing for a computer class, or exchanging business ideas, computers are a great help to society. First of all, computers are a big help when it comes to a computer class at your school. There may be a certain speed at which a person types and pass the class, and the teacher may assign practice on your own personal computer. It is a fact that @ PERCENT1 of children who have some sort of personal computer at home get @ CAPS7 A in their computer class. I can also save it. In my computer class. our teacher insists on the importance of training at home to increase typing speed a little. Every @ TIME1 I trained but a @ TIME1 my computer crashed, and I could not train during all work with my lunch the final exam @ CAPS2 on @ DATE1 instead of getting a @ CAPS8 or A, I got a @ CAPS9 +. I blame this year for not having a computer at home. Second, the computer can also be used to learn different things @ MONTH1. Maybe on a class report you should write something about the traditions of @ LOCATION2, @ LOCATION1. Instead of running to the library and wasting your time with a book. You can just open your laptop and search the internet for it. Not only does it take less time, but @ CAPS6 if you search the internet, you will get a lot more search results than @ CAPS6 you search in a library directory. In addition, by using computers, you can search for customers from a foreign country, or search for programs that could help you learn a new language on computers, you can not only learn more about your own country, but you can also learn about your own country. can also learn about foreigners. Third, computers can improve many skills needed in the modern business world, such as socialization skills, communication skills, and even learning of the younger generation. @ CAPS6 someone had not participated in an instant messaging program or video chat program. They wouldn't do it in today's world. People have to learn to relate to each other and to solve problems. @ CAPS6 someone is not used to attracting people, they @ MONS1 do not make a good business man or woman. People must also be able to communicate @ CAPS6 people do not communicate with each other. Eventually we will all die in the headlights. We will all be lost and be able to run business or hold meetings, for example, I needed to plan to worship for my project group to work on a project, so I went to my computer hoping that 'they were online, basically they never showed up and so I couldn't work with my partners at all. I ended up doing all their work. In conclusion, I hope you absolutely understood my opinion on people's computers as I said computers can be useful @ CAPS6 comes to computer classes, does research on foreign affairs and even communicates with others, thank you again for reading this letter.
Dear local newspaper, Those who support technological advances believe that computers have a positive effect on people. For my part, I agree with them. Computers are wonderful devices that allow people of all ages to learn more about the world and its people. It allows people to talk to family members who live far away, to friends or sometimes to business associates. Technology ... also provides education. Don't you think socializing and learning are two very important aspects of everyday people? Learning new things can only be interesting if you can actually see them. Books can be helpful in defending when it's been done. Internet sites can provide you with uploaded photos almost every week. So you know where you want to book your next visit. Yes, books can give you tons of information, but not as much as the thousands of websites out there right now. If you want to learn to speak Spanish, search for it quickly and easily on the Internet. No need to stare and stare at hundreds of books just to get a little done. In anything you do in the day, chatting with friends is a great way to relax and have fun. Whether it is a close friend or a colleague. Now there are several ways to talk to friends, by phone, SMS, instant messaging and even video chat ! Yes, @ MONTH1 does cause time away from the family, but you can easily say goodbye to the friend and talk to him later. Finally, learning is a huge deal with people today. Well with this cutting edge technology we have found ways to educate students in a fun way. Colorful and fun websites can teach children to multiply and read. About @ PERCENT1 of children are more attached to colored objects than to books containing words. So for all parents and guardians computers aren't that bad, they're actually very good.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 do you like computers but are worried that you or your loved ones will spend too much time on them? If so, maybe we should @ CAPS1 something. Too many people have vision problems from staring at computers for too long. In addition, people also miss out on other outdoor activities. Finally, if people work without a computer for their work, they are missing out on the same important things in life, such as interacting with family and friends, enjoying the outdoors, or just spending time with loved ones. Now, are you for or against this decision of people " hooked " to computers ? In my opinion, people should enjoy things and not spend most of their time on computers. Since people are so dependent on computers, sometimes working from a computer can interfere with your vision. The shiny white computer screen filled with all these emails can really affect your vision. I know my dad always has headaches and his vision isn't the best thing when it comes to working on a computer all day. Being indoors and on a computer all day really makes you miss out on the outdoor activities that they are. Things like sports, nature, cycling and many other activities are missed because of being on a computer all day. Only fun and energetic people go out and get active. Last but not least, @ CAPS1 do you like spending time with loved ones but seem busy because you are on the computer all day? If so, get up and have fun! Take the wife and kids on a hike or go for a bike ride, it's awesome exercise for you, your family and friends and it's really fun! So it's now or never. @ CAPS1 want to be at home on a computer all day or @ CAPS1 want to be energized and spend quality time with family and friends ? Most important @ CAPS1, you want to be energetic and healthy without vision problems and stop those terrible headaches ? Well without one if you get up and get active it will be the best decision you ever make! So get up, grab the kids, and start your new life full of energy and pain free.
Dear editor, I agree to have computers in our homes. I think computers are good for these reasons. The computer has a lot of information that you can search for. In addition, the computer can save a lot of important things that you need. Then you can communicate with distant people. I think a computer is a really good thing because you can research various things like something about the life of someone so important. You can search for a website that tells you about a word or car you need to learn for school or work. You can search for something that happened a long time ago @ NUM1 or @ DATE1 which was a. Then you can search your family tree and send to who you redirected to, how was it or your family in the past, you can search your book account or email on the computer. So that's one of the reasons I think a computer is good. Another reason why I think a computer is a good thing for anyone, it can save a lot of important things. Some that you could keep important from your past. You should also save your reports for your school or work. Then you can save photos when you are on the go. You can add websites to your favorites so that you can access them at any time. This is another reason why I think computers are a good thing. One last reason I think computers are a good thing is because you can communicate with people who are far away. You can have family who just continue and you can keep in touch with them through your email, myspace, facebook, ect. You can chat with your friends or family who live in a different place. You can chat with your coworkers or your boss for a meeting. This is another reason why I think computers are a good thing. So as you can see that is why I think computers are good because you can search things, how you can save important things also because you can go and communicate with your friends. That's why I think computers are a good thing.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1's opinion of the effect of computers is that it depends on how much you use the computer. But I think the computer has a positive effect on people. Why because it made kids homework easier to do and fun sites for us to check out. Even for adults, when they need to search for something important, they can automatically find it on the computer. The number one reason I think the computer has a positive effect on people is that it makes @ CAPS1 homework easier, instead of getting it from a book I can get it from from the computer @ CAPS1. Believe me, it's much easier than reading all of these types of books when you have a computer. Then you can just type whatever you want and it will automatically appear for you. For example, when you have a try right on @ PERSON1 @ LOCATION1. All you have to do is go to @ CAPS2.com and all past @ CAPS2 types will appear. Then you go find and put @ LOCATION1 and then everything @ CAPS2 of it comes out. So you get the right information which is an easy A + for you. The second reason I think the computer has a positive effect on people is all the sites you can go to and play games or go to youtube, or myspace. There are a lot of things you can do on a computer to have fun. For example, let's say you don't want @ CAPS3 to play your game or watch @ CAPS3.V, or go out. What are you doing, get on your computer. So you can check out your myspace page or watch some funny videos or maybe talk to some of your friends online. Think about it, you can't '@ CAPS3 do any of these things on your @ CAPS3.V or your game and especially not outside, which is why I think a computer has a positive effect on people. Finally, I think the computer has a positive effect on people because even adults like to climb on computers. Half of every adult job has a computer that they have to use either to cash a check on a computer, or teachers to write their grades, and scientists to research different experiments. For example, a teacher should always use their computer to jot down grades or see what we kids need help with or how far we've gone and how late we are. This also makes it easier for adults. In conclusion, these are the reasons why I think computers have a positive effect on people.
Dear @ CAPS1 from @ LOCATION1, @ CAPS2, a majority of the population of @ ORGANIZATION1 will use any type of computer at least once a day. Our society has been surrounded by computers so often that some people will find it difficult to live without them. Computers have become something that people depend on. This, however, is something to be taken as a concern. When people rely too much on computers, they lose valuable skills they once had and spend less time exercising outdoors while losing touch with family and friends. It has become close that computers have become a part of people's lives. Computers have the capacity to perform certain human tasks that we find difficult to accomplish. Before the computer age, it was much more difficult to find information on a subject or place. Before, we had to use encyclopedias or find books on these topics. Sometimes we even had to go to a place and learn more about it. Today, however, people are using technology to find this information. You @ MONTH1 think, “@ CAPS3, how is that a bad thing ?”. The reason this is a problem is that people have started to lose the ability to use books like encyclopedias and atles or even simple maps. In the past, most of the population could use these tools to find their way around a piece of information or a place. I know from experience that I can easily look at a map and find where I am. We have become too dependent on @ CAPS4 and computers, which makes us forget valuable information. What if someone gets lost and they don't have @ CAPS4 or working signal on their phone. They would get lost and couldn't read a map. As you can see, the human population is too dependent on computers. In addition, people all over the world have become addicted to the Internet. Facebook, @ CAPS6 and even @ CAPS7 baseball has become an addictive activity that people spend all of their time with. When people start spending the majority of their time on these websites, they, in turn, will exercise less and become more estranged from family and friends. Most teenagers have this problem. If you did a survey of the number of students who have a Facebook or @ CAPS6 account, you would probably get the majority. They say having an account like this is addicting. Students, parents, and anyone in between will run into problems later because of this. America is one of the major countries suffering from obesity. Has anyone stopped to think that maybe people are spending too much time on these websites to get exercise ? If the internet wasn't as important as it is now, I bet you there would be fewer overweight people. but not only do people become overweight, but they will find themselves increasingly estranged from family and friends. My own sister spends so much time on her laptop that my parents had to take it off. Once, the only way for us to really talk to her was through facebook. As you can see, computers can be a dangerous thing. think of all the people you know who spend hours on the computer. You can probably think of calming a few down. Computers are an addicting thing that can cause less exercise and less communication which is proven to support a healthy lifestyle. In addition, when people overuse computers, they lose valuable skills. Remember this the next time you're someone you know sits at a computer for a long time. You can help them.
Dear newspaper readers, @ CAPS1 this ! Sitting at home on the couch eating a bag of crisps. The @ CAPS2 shows a nice picture of the @ LOCATION1 you can almost feel the rain falling on you, you really want to know more. All of a sudden you are watching the remote drop to the ground, your hand-eye coordination is so bad that you totally miss it when you try to grab it. On top of that, you remember you were supposed to meet your sister today who you've seen for years but you can't! If you had a computer, you would learn about more places and people, it would improve your hand-eye coordination, and you could interact with people without having time to meet them ! Computers certainly have good effects on people! First, computers help improve hand-eye coordination. It is a fact that people who own one or more computers in a household have better hand-eye coordination than people without a computer! Don't you also want good hand-eye coordination? In fact, my friend @ PERSON4 had the worst hand-eye coordination in our school, now that her parents bought her a computer, she's much faster and definitely has better hand-eye coordination. She said that just staring at the screen and wanting to go had helped a lot. Additionally, computer weather may indicate that computers have been shown to improve hand-eye coordination over the course of a year. it looks pretty simple to me! Second, computers also allow people to learn about other distant places and people. Local college teacher @ PERSON2 uses computers to teach her students about culture and geography @ CAPS3. Sounds a lot more interesting than just talking ! My cousins saw once an article on @ LOCATION3 and they thought that it was amazing to have learned a lot about the culture there and to have made a trip ! Additionally, vacations.com claims that computers are the # @ NUM1 cause of travel, as they see photos and articles on places. You can discover any place on a computer, isn't that nice ? I'm sure there's one place you've always wanted to know more about ! Finally, the computer allows people to interact with other people around the world. You can speak with your lost friend who lives at @ LOCATION2 just by clicking the mouse (send). In a recent study, more than @ PERCENT1 of people simply chat online with their friends rather than going out to meet them. How convenient! Plus, expert computer teacher @ PERSON1 says, " Computers are great if you can't meet someone, you're just talking online ." Have you ever needed to cancel a meeting? Computers are really beneficial for busy people. Now readers, @ CAPS1, you sit on that same couch, you look at @ CAPS2 to see @ LOCATION1, you quickly type it into your laptop and an article right in front of you read more about it learning something about new in each paragraph. All of a sudden you lose your grip, but you catch up with your laptop just in time, what hand-eye coordination! Then you remember you were supposed to meet your sister @ PERSON3, but you have a hairdresser appointment. You quickly tell her over the computer that you can't meet her. She says everything is fine and you keep chatting it all worked out great ! It is that simple! Computers teach hand-eye coordination, let you discover more places and interact with more people. So what are you readers doing? Go out and grab a computer.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 do you think the pros and cons of owning a computer ? I think the computer helps in different ways. Computers teach hand-eye coordination, help us learn, and we can even talk online with our friends and family. Have you ever thought about @ CAPS1 that your computer can help you physically ? Many parents report that "@ CAPS2 is spending too much time on the computer !" but what they don't know is that the computer is teaching them hand-eye coordination. Parents claim that children are more restless because they sit inside the computer, but if they are doing things to limit @ CAPS2, such as just playing games, limiting their time on the computer or having them play outside of the same amount of time they were on the computer, children could learn while staying fit. This is why a computer could be an important part of a child's life if used correctly. What is your method of learning? Maybe you read books, go to school, or even watch @ CAPS3. But what if you're not at school or have books nearby ? What if your @ CAPS3 doesn't tell you what you need to know? Well, with a computer, you can search almost anything with just a few clicks. If you don't have time to go to your local library to read a book, @ CAPS1 would you learn ? As a teenager who attends school, I know that I wouldn't be able to do a lot of my schoolwork and projects without my computer. Many home jobs today require computers, and without computers the job wouldn't be done. That's why I think computers benefit our society and our knowledge. Does everyone you know live in one of them ? This is probably not the reason why websites like @ CAPS5 and @ CAPS6 are attracting more and more members every day. The internet helps us stay in touch with family friends and always helps us meet new people. I know the internet helps me keep in touch with old friends.
Dear, @ CAPS1- @ ORGANIZATION1 Computers ... sometimes they are bad and sometimes they are good, they are like people. Computers are useful for finding information, which makes your job less difficult. But at the same time, it's not that healthy for you and your family. Computers have so much information that the newspaper in the future will not be known. Newspaper will no longer be thrown on your porch. Through computers, instead of getting information about what happened yesterday in the area where you live with the computer, you can find out what interesting things happened around the world yesterday. But thanks to computers, life is a step easier if someone had a science project. About example cells and with this computer it will help you a lot more than you think, no need to write all the cell types you can find on the internet, the printing is done, it makes life much easier than writing a picture to find information about cells in a book that wasting a good time going out and playing with friends and family. The computer like I said is sometimes bad like people and it is also like a drug. Because looking at computers when people go to a website like myspace, twitter, facebook, a communicating website, or a gaming website, there is too much to name. It is a drug that forces you to stay in it day and night, you will stick to it and you will never get enough and some people will not stop and it hurts family, friends and especially health. , like drugs they all cause the same thing. I think I have proven my point on why computers are sometimes bad and sometimes good like people.
Dear local newspaper, I think people using computers have an effect. using a computer can help people in several ways. You can talk to people all over the world, it helps you stay organized, and you can create very useful things like a power outlet or an outlet using a computer. Talking to people all over the world can be a very useful thing. Suppose you have family members living at @ LOCATION1 or @ LOCATION2, you can keep in touch with them through email or video chat. Also, if there is one national and he needs to talk to the other, Governors around the world for advice help him do it quickly and easily. Using a computer can also help you stay organized. For example, my uncle helps the file take the computer to make sure that all the files are saved and that they are in the clear places. Imagine all the papers and space he would use if he had to do it by hand or if he didn't use a computer. Computers also help teachers. Teachers type in grades, email parents and even create quizzes or quizzes and they know it will be nice and organized in the computer files instead of the paper files on their desks. Speaking of quizzes that teachers do on the computer, they can also do a lot of other things like power points. Power points can help them put a lot of information on the screen and it helps the pupils to learn which is a positive effect. If you had a small business that was just started, you could create a brochure to help with advertising. Finally, you can use Microsoft Excel and set up a schedule that can help your employees know who should work when, or students can know which class to be in at what time. In conclusion, computers are very useful in everyday life for many different people. Talking to the whole world can help keep you on the inside, so that you don't lose connection with your. They also have the effect of helping business people stay organized. Finally, they can help teachers create tests or powerpoints that help children learn. So overall I would agree that computers have a positive effect on society. Plus, doesn't typing in your newspaper articles make them more organized and faster to print ?
Dear local newspaper, @ ORGANIZATION1 has been a discussion around @ LOCATION1 for decades now. People cannot agree that computers are a good privilege for society or that they are crushing it year after year. I think computers have a positive effect on people. Indeed, they teach hand-eye coordination, give them knowledge about the cultures of the world and allow people to communicate with each other. Do you think the cons really outweigh these positives ? Hand-eye coordination is not something you were born with. You earn it as you get older and get practical. Computers help achieve this goal. "@ PERCENT1 people who frequently go to @ ORGANIZATION1 were horrible at catching a baseball before going to @ ORGANIZATION1, and after catching each time." says biologist @ PERSON1. And it helps not only with baseball, but also with other sports like juggling, golf or tennis. If you get really good at these sports, you can play them for fun or even as a professional. Who knew that playing @ ORGANIZATION1 could get you this far in life ?! Did you know, according to Time magazine , that people who frequent @ ORGANIZATION1 are better able to concentrate on tasks, such as homework, because it allows your hands and eyes to work together ? And everyone knows that if you get good grades in school, almost any job you might qualify for? Then you can earn a good amount of money and live the life of your dreams !! Oh, great another @ NUM1 hour day of school. Hmm. What do I have in the first block? History of @ LOCATION3. What? Yes! We're doing a cultural project! This means that I can easily go to @ ORGANIZATION1 and discover good things in my assigned place. This is another advantage over computers. Easy access to tons of useful information. I have cheerleaders every day after school until @ NUM2. If I have a project, I don't have hours and hours to search the books and find out what I need to know. Computers allow me to do my sport and still have a good grade at school. @ PERCENT2 people use computers to do their information work in distant places. It's faster and more precise. You can simply search your library to find an almanac. But once you find it, you will need to check the copyright. Hope this is recent. If not, you are in trouble. Would you like to dig into more shelves to be precise? Facebook, @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2. All the new ways to communicate with people. Just another useful effect on people. Forgot to write down your homework? Hope your friend didn't and you can just ask them. "@ PERCENT3 people are not chatting with others online." says @ LOCATION2 @ ORGANIZATION1 expert. Most have to be for one reason or another. Like homework, what happened that day, or how they haven't seen each other in ages. Aren't you chatting with people online ? Believe me, this can be a note saver. It may help you conclude that computers have a positive effect on society through hand-eye coordination, information and chat. What would we do without them?
Dear trained readers, @ CAPS1 don't you agree that more and more people are using computers. Well I @ CAPS2 because that gives us the information we want to see. Recently it has come to my attention that some people agree that some people @ CAPS3 themselves don't really use computers. Without a doubt, I firmly believe that people who don't use computers should start using them. but I can understand why the same people don't use computers. Maybe they don't know how to use one have better stuff at @ CAPS2, or can't afford it. First of all from @ CAPS5, they don't know how to use one. I remember when my friend was done and I was on a computer. and he @ CAPS4 "@ CAPS2 you know some people can't use a computer?" And me @ CAPS4 "@ CAPS3 who?" the @ CAPS4 "@ CAPS3 me, I don't know how to use one." I @ CAPS4 and well I'll teach you. Since then, @ CAPS5, my friend has been going on the computer. One day he tells me that I want to work with computers. that's one of my reasons people don't use computers. Second of @ CAPS5, have better things at @ CAPS2. @ MONTH1 being someone has a game. Eg i mostly have time to go to the computer. Usually I have a basketball game or a practice. I come home from training and feel exhausted, @ CAPS5 I want @ CAPS2 is go to @ CAPS6. why parents come don't want anything @ CAPS2. I will tell you why. Because @ CAPS5 who have had They @ CAPS2 @ CAPS5 day. This is another of my reasons people don't use computers. The third party of @ CAPS5 cannot afford it. Some people don't have a lot of money to buy a computer. They have to say it. so that they can live in a house. When parents' children are looking for something, parents should not buy it. They buy it so you don't feel hurt. When I'm @ CAPS7 I'll make sure I have enough money to buy it. Otherwise, I guess this kid is out of luck. So don't go bragging about your computer because some can't afford it. This is my last reason people don't use computers. that's why some people haven't used computers for days. Because they don't know how to use one, have something better than @ CAPS2, and can't afford it. Moreover; @ PERCENT1 of @ ORGANIZATION1 students do not have a computer.
Dear @ CAPS1, I am writing to express my opinion on the benefits of computers for society. I believe that computers are very useful tools for learning and communication, but people today abuse this power. You know what I mean by @ NUM1 gamers, @ CAPS2 and @ CAPS3 addicts. Or those who would do anything just to hang out on the computer. People like @ CAPS4 don't spend a lot of time with family or friends, or even just outside. They don't get enough exercise, and frankly, overuse of computers is not good for your life, physically or socially. Some people work all day, leave early in the morning, and come home late, so they rarely spend time with their loved ones. But if you're a computer addict, like many of us, you @ MONTH1 just don't spend enough time with family and friends. Using a computer isn't exactly a social thing. A person with a mouse, keyboard, and monitor. You @ MONTH1 say "@ CAPS5, but there are also social networks online". @ CAPS5, but how often do you even see these people in real life ? Computers can take up precious time that you could share with family and friends. It certainly does not benefit society. A major flaw of computers is that you have to be indoors. So you can't chat online, play a game or check your emails outside while enjoying the beauty of the outdoors. Sure, you can use a laptop outdoors, but do you really like the outdoors? Computers and outdoors go hand in hand like chocolate milk and filet mignon - not good. This is the reason why pines have no outlet (although now you never know what they will do next). Another side effect - which goes along with the aforementioned statement about computers and the outdoors - of computers is lack of exercise. Again, it is quite difficult to use a computer and a jump rope at the same time. When you live like a computer vegetable, you aren't exercising enough the way you could or want to. Another reason why computers could reduce your quality of life. Now, really, if you use the computer sparingly, and only when you need it, or when you need it, you really won't have any side effects. But let's face it, the truth is, computers can be addicting. Whether you're waiting for a friend to log in or trying to reach @ NUM2 level of "@ CAPS7 @ CAPS8", they can get you hooked. The idea of this article isn't to stop you from using computers, but to make sure you use them like you're eating double fudge brownies with nuts and spring cream cheese frosting. So, now you know, computers, when overused, in obsessive doses, are similar to drugs in that they are so addicting. As long as you use them correctly, they are a very, very valuable tool to use, but overused, can cause problems and even prevent you from spending time with family and friends, exercising, and even spending time outdoors. I know you will certainly agree.
I believe that computers are a good thing for several reasons. Three reasons why computers are good is that you communicate with other people. You can also use them to meet new people. Finally, you can also use them for planning. My number one reason computers are good is that you communicate with other people. My parents use email all the time. They match my grandparents, then my friends, and even use it to host events with other people. I use it when people are hurt and I know some people use it to find out about magazine subscriptions and other things to buy. My favorite part is that my parents use email to talk to my grandparents about my birthday gifts. My second reason computers are a great thing to have is that you can use them to meet new people. I know there are a lot of websites out there that connect you with someone based on what you like and do. You can also use email to talk to friends and they @ MONTH1 want to see you again and you can meet people this way. There are thousands of ways to meet new people. You can use chat sites or sites like facebook or myspace. My third and final reason computers are good is that you can use them to plan vacations or move meal reservations. For example, my family and I went on vacation to @ LOCATION1, and my mom made all the reservations from our home computer. My parents are not the only ones. Lots of people travel for vacations and probably @ NUM1 people on @ NUM2 use a computer to book hotels. I also wanted to take you to the other side without computers. If we didn't have computers we would have mailed it and by the time it got to you someone could have had a new baby. In addition, we would also find to make invoices and taxes without computer software. My parents' life and my life would be very eventful if we didn't have computers. Again, I think computers are good and more than half of the United States uses them. I believe so because you can use them to talk to another family that @ MOIS1 is away. You can meet new people through online dating services. Then there is the ever useful panoramic part, so you go online and book a hotel to dine in a restaurant. Also, if we didn't have computers, we would have to do bills and taxes the old fashioned way. My where you add and subtract and divide. It is a lot less words if you are using a computer.
Dear local newspaper, I think that computers do not benefit society. I feel this lack of email skills, no exercise and it's addicting. Read on for more explanation. First, spending hours and hours on the computer doesn't give you any social skills. You can think before you answer, and most people online speak or write differently there than in person. People could act like someone else. Online you can erase what you've written, but in person you can't. This is how you just can't learn social skills by sending all the time talking online. Then you don't get any exercise. By a nice @ DATE1 you will be indoors on the computer so you could exercise. Being online sitting around doing nothing just talking makes you lazy. When you are older you will have to write. You can't just manage all those longhouses on the computer. In addition, you should have your time for the computer and for exercise. Finally, it is addicting that some people can spend hours and hours on the computer searching for all these videos. Seven in ten teens would rather be inside the computer talking to people than meeting new people elsewhere. I think parents should restrict their children's time to be on computers. All that time you spent having fun could be spent on studying or doing something to help you in the future. In conclusion, I think that computers do not benefit society. I feel this lack of social skills, no exercise and addicting. I think some people should limit their time to another computer and increase their time doing something important.
Dear @ LOCATION1 editor, @ CAPS1, you know @ PERCENT1 people from @ LOCATION3 who own computers ! Could you imagine a life without them? IT benefits society. I can't even remember the last time I went a day without a computer. All the talk about computers being bad for society has really given you food for thought. There is no possible way that computers are bad. for example computers are good for motor skills and what about school work computers help a lot when you forget your school homework journal and finally sociability! I don't know about you but I couldn't live without computers! Computers teach hand-eye coordination! which we all know we need to play sports! Plus, with all the typing you're doing, there's definitely some exercise for your wrists ! I should know they are doing this because I woke both of my wrists at the same time and when I went to rehab they told me I should try to get my wrists back to normal by typing and taking calcium, but that's another story. Computers are also great for school, say you forget your homework journal at school so you don't know what you have for your homework. You could call a friend, but wouldn't it be easier to go online to the teachers' webpage ? teachers always have their homework listed on a school web page. And no, you realize you forgot your math book! fear not, the online manual is here! and it's much easier than going back to school to get it ! you do not think ? Finally, when you have a big project, you can research anything and everything in the world! ants at @ LOCATION2 everything is there. Here is a great benefit for the company for you on all social networking sites such as facebook myspace and so on, can't you leave comments on friends profiles or even chat with them ! Which brings me to my next topics chatting on the computer! There is @ CAPS2 and like I said before you can even chat on social media sites. And let's say you can't watch the news, you can't go online and check that out ! There are so many social things to do on the computer and these are just a few. So I hope @ PERCENT1 of people and even people who don't own computers are on my side. So we can prove that computers are good for motor skills, schoolwork and even social media. So please be on my side so that we can show the public that computers are social!
Computers were built to help people make things easier and faster. Since then they have been updated over and over again until they are today. Computers are a part of most people's everyday life and are essential to most business. But the common question in our society is : are computers really benefiting us ? My answer is yes. Computers do a lot of things for us. They teach us hand-eye co-ordination, give us the ability to research effectively, and recently have become a great way to communicate, @ CAPS1 is definitely beneficial to us. One of the reasons computers help us is to teach hand-eye coordination. In a magazine I read, (@ PERSON1) is expected to say that typing without looking is a great way to improve reflexes. The speed at which you type improves with practice. Another way to improve hand-eye coordination is to learn how to click and how to react to different things effectively. I often have fun playing games on the computer. These games are generally difficult, but as my hand eye coordination improves, I am learning how to play these games well. My father always tells me to learn my way through computer because they are our future, soon, most of the time everything will be done by them with the improvement of technology, it is impossible that it is not beneficial for our society. Our personal computers have been very helpful in teaching me things like hand-eye coordination. Another reason computers are great is to make that difficult historical paper just a click away. My garndfather always tells me how easy I have it. Instead of going to @ CAPS2 and having to pick a book, I just google and have a whole search engine in front of me. When we go to high school, we're going to need a computer to be successful. To keep our essays organized, our searches efficient, and the reading clear by typing right in front of us. My brother tells me that having a computer is the best investment ever. Last year we had a science mission to figure out how our hearts beat faster. That way, it's very easy given that I typed it in and had hundreds of ways to increase my pulse. Computers have changed the way we research and complete our schoolwork. The last reason computers are great is because they make communication just a click away. A few weeks ago my coach emailed us saying our playing time had changed. It doesn't sound like much, but without his @ CAPS1 we would have missed the game. My cousin @ CAPS3 is from @ LOCATION1. Me and him only meet once a year. With this limited time, we can't really get out what we need. Recently I bought a webcam and chatted with him every week. It's almost like he's with me. Not all the girls in our school can get enough of me. So I go home after the sport, keep going, and there's always enough of me to go around. The webcam is an excellent means of communication. With all the new computers going on sale and new home appliances coming up, no one knows when this will end. Well the question remains, are computers good for our society? The answer @ MONTH1 never comes, but at least for me hand-eye improvement, research being a snap, and communication just waiting for me is good business. So, for now, I maintain the view that computers are great and extremely useful for everyone.
Dear @ CAPS1, I am writing to give you my opinion on IT and technology. Computers are now part of our society and culture and are very important for the following reasons. A computer allows you to surf online at any time. Second, computers allow people to talk online. The number one reason that computers are so important in our culture is that they allow you to surf online anytime, anywhere. It's very useful. What if you lived far from the nearest library? When should you write a research thesis? Jane lives NUM1 miles from her municipal library. Her mother could drive her there, but what if she's not home or if she doesn't drive someone else to a doctor's appointment ? This is when computers come in handy. Jane can just go online and do the research! Not only that, but also, "www.internetsocool.gov" indicates that the information you can find in a regular library is for @ NUM2 information that you can find online. Second, computers allow you to talk with people far and near online and through video conferencing. It is very useful for me. Since living alone at @ LOCATION1, I miss my family very much. Although with the internet I can talk to my family whenever I want! Also, you can video chat with your lab partner to discuss how you can improve the lab report ! @ PERSON1, the author of "@ CAPS2 @ CAPS3" also states in his book that more than @ NUM3 million people use the Internet to video chat for educational purposes. In conclusion, ivideochat @ MONTH1 sounds like something for larks to do, but it's actually used for a lot of useful purposes. On the other hand, some people say that computers are bad. Some say people are spending too much time on their computers and less time exercising and spending time with their families. Although “ The @ DATE1 What People Do Survey” indicates that @ PERCENT1 of people who use computers are healthy both physically and emotionally. Just because we use computers to make our lives easier doesn't mean we don't enjoy spending time with family. In conclusion in our culture because they are very crucial in our culture because they can allow you to surf online and help you interact with people who live far away.
Do you think computers are practical? I think they are very practical. Computers offer a lot of things like online shopping, @ CAPS1, and even @ CAPS2.V. Online shopping can be very helpful. Let's say @ CAPS2 doesn't have a car. Well you can go online and buy whatever you need at the store. People is a feature that @ CAPS3 and @ CAPS4 do where you order your @ CAPS5 online and they drop it off. Suppose you need clothes or shoes or maybe even games. You can go online to find what you want, click buy, and choose your shipment. That's why I think computers are useful. Chatting on the computer is great. Now Facebook, @ CAPS6 and @ CAPS7 are the social networking sites that rate @ CAPS15. On @ CAPS6, you can follow famous people like @ PERSON1 the receiver @ CAPS9 @ CAPS10 @ CAPS11. Facebook has fan pages for famous people. @ CAPS7 might actually have famous people accounts. The chat becomes something that almost @ PERCENT1 of @ CAPS13 uses. you @ MONTH1 think it's useless but almost everyone @ CAPS13 uses it. You can also use the @ CAPS1 webcam where you can actually see the person talking to you and they can see you. @ CAPS1 is also good if you are always on the go and cannot speak on the phone, you are sending messages in @ CAPS1. this is why I find @ CAPS1 to be such a necessity. @ CAPS17 is a novelty that recently reached @ CAPS13 @ CAPS11 @ CAPS15. there are sites such as @ LOCATION1 can or @ CAPS16 @ CAPS17. You can also buy @ ORGANIZATION1 league @ CAPS18 or @ ORGANIZATION2. @ CAPS17 and you can watch sports matches live from your computer. It's also easier when you might be in the car on a long road trip and then turn on your laptop and watch any show you're in @ MONTH1 went @ CAPS17 on the go is the technology at its peak. This is why computers are so handy. So now you have read how useful it is, it is a necessity and the computer is practical. Now someday if you need any of these things just remember it and check out the most popular sites on @ CAPS15.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, computers are an amazing technology, but some people are starting to abuse @ CAPS2. There are many advantages to having a computer. In my opinion, I think computers help people a lot, for example by finding directions or even chatting with old friends. But many people abuse @ CAPS2 and not @ CAPS1 when it comes to going down. The @ CAPS2 is a great fun thing to use, but when you stay there too long you miss out on family activities, going out with friends, etc. I think there should be a time limit for everyone on the computer. If we had something that would turn off the computer but record everything you do, people would go out more and be more active. Even though people @ MONTH1 are learning things on the computer, you have to know when to get off. Now on the @ CAPS2 there are some websites where you can watch exercise videos or even want to buy exercise equipment etc. The @ CAPS2 can be a pretty handy thing, but you don't want to stay there for long periods of time. I believe having a computer can be a very cool thing to have and very useful when you need it. But there should be time limits on how long people stay on the computer.
Dear local newspaper @ CAPS1 the name is @ PERSON1, I am part of the middle community. I read or the local newspaper that a lot of people use computers and not everyone agrees that it benefits society. In @ CAPS1's view, this benefits the company in so many ways because you can work anywhere you want, you can connect with your family and because it gives you the opportunity to experience other places and other people. You can go to work anywhere because now these days a cell phone and an iPod come with the internet and many things you need for work that you have in a computer. We also have laptops to take with you everywhere. You also have many programs on a computer to connect with your family in other states or cities like in @ LOCATION2, @ LOCATION3, @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 and @ LOCATION1. Finally, it also gives you the chance to discover other places and people with the help of photos, information and websites. Like when it says the strategies that occurred in other states like the one that occurred in @ LOCATION4. It is @ CAPS1's opinion why computers are good for society. Thanks for reading them and have a nice day.
Dear Local Newspaper, One question that has caught my attention recently is that people are spending too much time on the computer, and if that's a good thing, I think computers are a good electronic device to have. I think this is because it helps people learn. Additionally, people can keep in touch with their friends even if they are in another country. Also, it may help individuals or students to be @ CAPS1, please consider this in our journal. Would you like students / people to have internet and research that can help them learn ? The answer is yes. " Having computers can help students learn. They can go to @ LOCATION2 and type in any question they want answered. Imagine this: a child has a question she wants answered , but she is embarrassed to ask her parents. She can just type the question into her computer and get hundreds of answers. There is no one in the world who knows everything, but there are computers that know it. Computers can give you the answer to any question. When my mom was little she didn't have access to a computer all the time. @ CAPS1 when she had a question she would have to ask someone that she knows. If they do not know the answer, she could not know the answer. If more people had computers, they would answer the questions. the computers are a good way to keep in touch with people. These are @ CAPS4 programs such as @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3, goal, ect .. My dad owns a business and has to be in contact with people for seven @ CAPS1 around his iphone to talk to them via email. This helps my dad know when the pappers and who's asking about what. I asked ten adults if they thought everyone should have a computer and ten in ten said “ yes ”. The folks at @ CAPS4 think friends and family are important and should stick with them every now and then. I have a friend who lives at @ LOCATION1, but I cannot contact her with my phone because we don't talk to her all the time on @ CAPS2. @ CAPS1 if people don't have phones, you can still keep in touch with computers. if they are far away. Do you have perfect handwriting? The answer is probably no. People use @ ORGANIZATION1 all the time because there is no handwriting. Computers help people keep clean and tidy. Computers have folders and programs to store the information you need. All of this then remains on the computer. My friend just bought a computer for her office. Before she got it all in one hand and messed up her desk. It had filled up with pappers. But after getting a computer, she typed everything neatly and kept all of her papers in the files on her computer. She was @ CAPS1 neat and clean that she was promoted. My friends' moms have changed because she has a computer. It has become cleaner. Imagine that you are overwhelmed by all the papers on your desk. You don't know what paper is. Well if you had a computer you could type everything up and keep it in your computer files. also @ PERCENT1 of adults staying is good. I know you, the local newspaper, have a very hard job and a decision to make. I believe computers are good and useful. Because they can help people find the information they need. Besides, they can keep people in touch with business workers, friends, students, family, etc. Plus, computers can help people get neat and tidy. @ CAPS1 please consider putting my essay in the journal.
Are people spending too much time on computers today. If it did, it would affect you. Nowadays, people spend time on computers. Me and I think it affects people in different ways. Some paths by. Health your social life, and also your education. Spending too much time on a computer can affect you in many ways. For example exercise. People spend all of their time sitting in a chair that they might have a chance to win on hold. Then you might get all you need because you might not be on the computer to get the veg and veg. You just want the computer for yourself. Social life @ CAPS1, you could have with all the people you are too. Another big problem is education. Are you on the computer all day anything @ CAPS2 you it's not on the computer you These are some of the reasons why I think people shouldn't spend too much time on the computer.
Dear Diary @ LOCATION1: I am writing to you about my opinion on the effects of computers on people. Computers have a positive effect on people because they help students and many others to study, they allow you to access stores by shopping online, and computers allow people to communicate. After reading this letter, I assure you that you will agree with me. The number one reason that computers have a positive effect on people is that they help students and many other people study. If you have a test or quiz in @ CAPS1, you can go to your computer and print out @ CAPS1 practice sheets. Or if you have a vocabulary exam, you can find the definitions quickly and easily on the computer. Back in the @ ORGANIZATION1 era, a statistic shows that @ PERCENT2 of @ ORGANIZATION2 students find computers out there the best study tool. They find it efficient and quick to use. Last night I did a test on the @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 and I went online, typed in "The @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4", and found @ MONTH1 some useful quotes on it. It was helpful and didn't waste my time. Using a computer for studying is a very good reason why it positively affects people and makes them happier, but it's even more important. Second, computers have a positive effect on people because they save people time while shopping online. So many stores now allow you to buy shares in me. it's easy .with the click of a button and saves you time on your way to the stores. In @ ORGANIZATION1, he shows that @ PERCENT1 from @ ORGANIZATION1 through @ ORGANIZATION2 said that online shopping has improved their lives by making it less hectic to drive from store to store. Online shopping creates a positive and less hectic life for many people around the world. Online shopping having a positive effect on people by making their lives less busy is a great reason, but there is an even bigger one. The last most important reason that computers have a positive impact on people is that they allow people to communicate with each other. Computer communications are extremely powerful. With instant messaging or email or even the blackboard a new site for teacher-student communication, computers are often used for communication. I asked @ NUM1 kids and @ NUM2 said computers were the main source of communication. Communication through computers has a positive effect on people in many ways, such as communicating more easily for work, talking to your best friend via email who just moved to @ LOCATION2, or just sending party invitations. to all your friends. Computers have made life easier for many through communication which has a positive effect on them. This is why communication having a positive effect on people is the most important reason. To conclude, computers have a positive effect on people as they make it easier for them to study, save time while shopping online, and communicate. With all the ways that computers help us, there is no reason for them to affect us negatively. I know you will take this into consideration. Computers make our life easier every day and who knows what they will be able to do in the future.
Would you rather read six books to get that one recipe alone, or would you rather research it in under ten minutes ? I think computers have a positive effect on people, you can find out more about the places you need in a matter of minutes, and you can talk to your friends online. For example @ PERSON5 wanted to wish @ LOCATION2 this @ DATE1 but when he looked online he saw how @ LOCATION2 just had an earthquake so he changed his plans to this @ DATE1. @ CAPS1, @ PERSON2 said "I wanted to go to @ LOCATION3 this @ DATE1 but I know it, so I searched on google and thought that this @ DATE1 I will go to @ LOCATION3" that's one thing positive that computers have an effect on people because you can find out more about the places you want to visit in the @ DATE1. Computers have a positive effect on people because you can @ CAPS1 find what you need in minutes. For example. @ PERSON3 was looking for a cake recipe, he was looking for many cookbooks but found it, so he went into his computer and found it in under five minutes, @ CAPS1, IT experts @ PERSON1 said "@ CAPS2 from rooming thru books and books for more information, why not go to and the truxt me is a lot" @ CAPS3, computers have a good effect on people because you can talk to your friends online , for example, @ PERSON6 said "I went from @ CAPS4 to @ LOCATION1 and was sad to leave my best friend, but I know how I can talk to her on @ CAPS5." @ CAPS1, @ PERSON4 was sick in bed and couldn't go visit his friends, so he contacted them on @ CAPS7. Computers have a positive effect on people because you can find out more about the places you want to visit this @ DATE1. You can find what you need in a matter of minutes, and you can talk to your friends online, remember even the @ PERSON1 computer report said " me is much easier "
Computers are an incredibly important part of the way of life for many peoples. They can give us wonderful facts and news that would otherwise be hard to come by. Computers also make it easy for people to communicate with friends and family without using a phone. Finally, computers are an incredibly useful writing tool. One of the most beneficial aspects of computers is that you can find out what is going on anywhere in the world. For example, I could do a recent disasters search engine and find hundreds of articles on @ CAPS1 and other recent news. However, you might also find out interesting facts like how many have chosen to sail around the world in the past ten years. But that's just one of the many uses for a computer. Critics @ MONTH1 believe that computer use interferes with time spent with friends and family. But computers can actually do the opposite. There are many websites that allow you to talk to people safely. Some of these websites are facebook and chatme.com. Did you know you can even video chat with people? It is as if you are there with you. Incredibly, unlike calling people and using a phone on these websites, it's free and open to everyone. This brings me to the last point. Computers are great writing tools. They allow you to write efficiently and cleanly. In addition, Microsoft Word programs allow you to spell check your work. However, one of the most useful qualities of a program like word is that it allows you to edit your work and add phrases or words wherever you want. You can see that computers are a useful and beneficial part of society. They make it easy for people to stay informed on world news. Second, computers allow easy and secure communication between people, and finally, they are useful for writing documents such as write prompts. Hope that by reading this you can now see some of the many uses for computers.
Today, wherever you go, technology is used. Most commonly, computers are widely used by a majority of people, but are computers really good for society? Computers are beneficial to society because it is a way of connecting with the world, a way of increasing responsibility and useful for education. Computers are beneficial because they help people connect with the world. You can use a computer to find anything on the web, so you can find information about places that interest you or places that you would like to visit. According to @ ORGANIZATION1, @ NUM1 on @ NUM2 people research the internet for places for @ ORGANIZATION1 before going there. @ CAPS1 is a way to connect with distant friends. A friend of mine moved to @ LOCATION1 when we were in class @ NUM3, but we still email each other and are still friends. The computer is @ CAPS1 one of the fastest ways to find out about current events. All you have to do is go to a news site. All of these connections will expand people's worldview. Computers are also a means of increasing accountability. When people use the computer, they have to make many choices, such as which websites to go to and what to download or watch. Having these individual chances will help people think about the right choice. Even if you make the wrong choice, you will learn from your mistake. Second, the computer is a very fragile machine and it takes a lot to handle. For example, you may not have liquid near and should not throw objects near or on the computer. Thinking about this and making sure you don't damage the computer are ways to increase liability. Finally, computers are beneficial because they help in education. Teachers can use the computer to make lessons more interesting. For example, they can create points and a presentation to provide an @ CAPS1, to students on what they have learned in school. @ CAPS1 you can do for students, providing homework and course information that a friend of mine once said "@ CAPS2 I would definitely fail". No one wants to talk and a great way to present this. Finally, if you want information about a particular school, you can simply search for it online and find its website. School websites contain information on courses, events and clubs. They provide the information you need to think about going to this school in an easy and convenient way, while finding the school website doesn't take more than @ NUM2 minutes, actually going to this school to get information may take longer than @ NUM2 minutes or even hours. According to @ ORGANIZATION2, @ NUM1 on @ NUM2 students choose which college to go to first by looking at their website. The computer is a simple and convenient way to obtain information. Now, no one should doubt the benefits of a computer. They are a link with the world, like places and people. They increase accountability by giving you many choices. They help education by providing information about and for schools. That is why computers are good for society.
Do you think people are spending too much time on the computer. I think kids and adults spend a lot of time @ CAPS1, tweeting, facebook and myspace. My reasons are that people should go out more, play with real people, and spend time with their families. Most kids should go out more eg my friend @ PERSON3 spent @ NUM1 hours a day ! on his computer and went outside. Another example is my neighbor @ PERSON2 who has been here all day ! in his basement playing on his computer and he's gone outside and ever since he's been out he's been terreibely the sun and he's now @ NUM2 and he's still not going out, that's because he spent too much time on the computer. Second, people should be playing with real people. For example there was a kid named @ CAPS2 and he always played with virtuous people and friends and never really with people and now he's so shy around real people he doesn't even say a word . Another example is @ CAPS3 he has only had one virtual friend and never a real one and he is so depressed because he never had a best friend. Third, you should spend time with your family. there was a @ CAPS4 named and he never spent time with his family as he was too busy writing emails and @ PERSON1 says kids who don't interact with them won't have the same benefits than children who do. Another example, there was a family having fun with the computer that the children had never met the grandparents and when the grandparents passed away the children never met them because they preferred to play on it. their computers. In conclusion, people should go out more, play with real people, and visit family. If you want to play on your computer, after reading all these examples, go for it.
A lot of people use computers. Some people agree that it benefits society and others do not. Some experts believe that people are spending too much time on computers and less time exercising, playing outdoors, and spending time with family. I think differently, computers help us with hand-eye coordination for jobs, keep in touch with family and friends, and computers help us learn different things as well. Computers help us with a lot of things, but the most important is employment. Many jobs use computers. In order to get a job using computers, you need hand-eye coordination that computers teach us. Computers prepare themselves with the skills we will need when we have a job. Computers are very useful. Computers also help us stay in touch with our family and friends. @ PERSON2 @ CAPS1 from @ LOCATION1 says if we didn't have computers @ CAPS2 couldn't have seen his niece and nephew open their Christmas presents @ CAPS2 got them. @ CAPS2 would not have seen his nephew take his first steps either. "The technology is wonderful" @ CAPS2 explained to me. @ CAPS2 loves to stay in touch with his families through computers. Computers also help young children to the elderly to learn new things. Computers hold a lot of information, many people learn things they have never heard of on the Internet. My younger sister @ PERSON1 learned to read on the computer. @ CAPS2 is at the highest reading level you can be at, in grade one. Computers are very useful for learning new things. Computers can do a lot of things, they help us find jobs by teaching us hand-eye coordination. They can also help us stay in touch with our loved ones. Computers teach us interesting things like faraway places and people. Computers are a wonderful thing to have in our society. Experts, there's no reason you should be concerned that more and more people are using computers, it's a good thing.
In the world we live in now, everything is becoming technological. In my opinion, this is a good thing. The use of computers has been of great benefit to our society. They give people the ability to find things quickly and easily, they save trees, and they are a great way to communicate with people. First, computers are great for research instead of tree-wasting books. A few years ago the children had a school project about a certain country and the thing that came to their mind was the library. But, nowadays, it's computers. Of course, of course, books are very useful, but so is the Internet, and it is much faster and easier to find the information you are booking for. You can learn more about a place before visiting it with the click of a button and learn about distant places. It is truly magical. Then, the use of computers saves trees. With a computer, we don't have to cut down so many trees for books and paper. Another can now sell his books online and people can read them properly. Honestly, there really is no point in continuing to book. Even students can do their homework, tests and quizzes online! I think it's a mirical and it's so amazing how much our world has changed in just @ NUM1 years or so. Finally, computers are great for communicating with distant people. Some people have family during the war that they don't see for months or maybe years. With a computer, you can receive emails that are delivered to the person right after they are sent. Or you can even do a webcam and see the person face to face ! It must be hard not to see your loved ones every day, which is why a computer is so useful. Even to those who have a family member on a business trip or live in another state / country. Computers are very useful, especially today with everything that is going on in our world. With computers, we can search online, save trees, and communicate with people who are far away. So, in my opinion, computers benefit society.
Dear local newspaper, I agree with those who support technological advancements. I think computers have a positive effect on people because they can be used for learning, communication and entertainment. My number one reason computers have a positive effect on people is that they can be educational. A lot of people think that computers are useless. Even though they can be used for a lot of things like research! For example, if you are a student, you must @ MONTH1 do a project. Computers would be easier for you to collect research than a book. Another reason computers are educational is that you can use them for reading. You can buy virtual books that you can read right on your computer. Not only is it education, but it also helps the environment because you would save paper. Sometimes you @ MONTH1 are just curious about something, your computer will be at your disposal. Computers also have another positive effect on people, they can be used for communication. No one likes a distant family, but with a computer, you can communicate with your family and friends all over the world! This effect is positive because it helps everyone stay in touch. Lots of people have busy lives and don't have time to write a letter or make a phone call. So instead, these people could just quickly and easily send an email without an instant message to who they need to talk to. Some experts worry that people are spending too much time on the computer and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with friends and family. These experts don't realize that you can use a computer instead with your friends and family. A computer a lot of family thing. You can watch a movie with your family or play several games together on the computer. on the computer is a positive effect because while doing on the computer as a family, for example, using a computer for entertainment is safer than doing something entertaining. Where you and your family would be at great risk. There are several reasons why I think computers have a positive effect on people. Computers can be used for learning, communication and entertainment. These are just my main reasons, there are a lot more. And that's why I support technological advancements and the behavior of computers has a positive effect on people.
Dear local newspaper from my point of view, computers are good for society and for people because they help you communicate with people in other places or with your family or friends or meet people from another country and you can become friends. They are also good because they help develop the coordination of your hand with your eye, and they are useful because you can buy things online. First of all, I think people who know how to use a computer can communicate with their family in other countries or meet new people who then become friends with you and you can even meet them after you get to know them very well. You can even talk to your family through the computers and you won't spend that much money on expensive international phone calls. Second, computers are useful because they help you coordinate your hand and your eye. This helps you because if you are a child you have a big project; You can finish it on time. From your perspective you can actually see where I'm going because after the project is done you can go and play with your friends and family on the patio or in the backyard. Hand coordination can help you mentally develop sight. Third, using computers is good because it helps you buy things online, the computer can help you buy things like clothes, shoes, cars, house and many more. whatever you need you can buy it online. In conclusion, I think people should think about using computers more often, either to buy things, to meet people or to coordinate body parts, don't you agree with me?
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, people use computers all the time, but computers are helping us in a positive way all the time. Computers help us find @ CAPS3 information, talk to people all over the world, and buy stuff from us. In the age of technology, the possibilities are endless. I have a cousin at @ LOCATION1 and I talk to him on webcam @ CAPS1 are more people than those who are talking to relatives of @ CAPS1 elsewhere in fact almost a soldier from @ CAPS2 is talking to someone at home. Doctors even say that talking to someone in the backcountry gives a soldier more will to survive. Everyone goes to school, that means everyone has plans. During projects a child wants to know everything, so a good way to get information is to go to the computer and search for what you are looking for @ CAPS3. The computer has billions of websites that people can use, the way man started out. Be a sportsman and @ CAPS2 likes to get @ CAPS3 for free online, @ CAPS1 are websites like @ CAPS5 and @ CAPS6 for you to do. If you like this song, go to @ CAPS7, @ ORGANIZATION2, lymewire, from any other store and upload it to your @ NUM1 or @ CAPS8. Right now, I hope you've learned more about the computer and changed your mind. Even though @ CAPS1 are bad people and bad websites doesn't mean computers are bad.
Who would have thought that computers can have an effect on people. People everywhere are learning new things on the computer every day. Of course, everyone learns and learns new things from the computer. @ CAPS1 is even fun to do on the computer. You can choose from many different music videos and music. And @ CAPS1 are many ways to chat with people like over the phone on a cell phone. But @ CAPS1 are also computers, @ CAPS1 are many ways to communicate with friends / family. Also @ CAPS1 is myspace, facebook and @ CAPS2. These @ NUM1 are websites you can pass along to family or friends, but there are other websites you can continue on. But I would also like to make a comment on the computer. I understand computers a lot of fun. Sometimes you need a brake, you can't stay on the computer all the time. You also need to exercise. You have to go out and enjoy nature. You should take time off or go cycling. You have to understand that computers are good for learning but not for everyday life. The computer is good for learning, but you should also get out and get some fresh air.
For the newspaper, computers are obviously necessary in society. They can be used as a valuable learning tool, aid in communication, and teach skills that will be used for life. Students like me often use computers for many reasons. Our teacher also encourages us to use computers. All projects require research. For example, last week in social science students I researched constitutional amendments. I went to @ ORGANIZATION1- on the and its an information store on @ NUM1 for my project on whether capital punishment is and unusual. I have found from this database that not only is everything legal for this reason, but the @ LOCATION1 has been obtained from the International Human Rights Council for clearing it. Without the Internet, which is instantaneous to carry the most recent. the most recent information that I would now have to find from banks published fairly recently bears this significant fact. It would be more expensive to grab two houses just to find the same information than five minutes using a computer. The internet can create millions of websites and photos on a wide variety of toys and faster than any other method. In addition to research, the school uses computers to type papers. This makes the teacher's journey easier and provides useful tools like spell checking. In addition, by using the Internet, you can access all the communication benefits that come with using computers. Email, @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 and @ CAPS3 are just @ NUM2 of commonly used websites on computers, they make talking with friends and family easier and faster. Last @ DATE1 my friend on business trip lasted @ NUM3 weeks she missed him very much @ CAPS4 mom left @ CAPS4 that she could have a phone call. He consoled @ CAPS4 for the days @ NUM4 couldn't see @ CAPS4 while being incredibly fast. Computers allow people to interact with other people at the same time even when they cannot be with that person for some reason. This element of communication is very important as is how they will help in the future. Many jobs involve the use of a computer mastering how to use the computer before. It is necessary has many advantages. If we already know how to use them, we don't have to worry about learning in life. In addition, in the near future, the computer will be used in high school and university to help with paper research. Tomorrow it will be faster and easier for us if we know how to do these things. Ultimately, if you can read, the benefits are counters. As you can see, computers and the Internet can provide benefits to your business. The school can use them for many projects and learning. In conclusion, compare the use to be encouraged.
Dear journal @ CAPS1, with computers being so popular right now, it is easy to think that they are useful and have a positive effect on the people who use them. However, I believe that computers have more harmful effects than good on the people who use them. I believe this for @ NUM1 reasons. Firstly, they avoid spending time with real people, they make people exercise less, and they are also very distracting and waste time. One of the reasons I don't think computers have a positive effect on people is that the time spent on the computer could be better spent doing things with family and friends. Nowadays, people use social networking sites like @ CAPS2 and @ CAPS3 to talk with people who are far away. People can spend hours communicating with someone they will never meet and completely ignore the people who care and love them. Additionally, communicating with people online can be dangerous, as the person you are sending a message to may not be who they say they are. Overall, leaving and spending time with real people creates memories that you will cherish for the rest of your life. This feeling can never happen through the Internet. Another reason I think computers have such a bad effect on their users is that constant computer use has resulted in lack of exercise for many people. People who use computers for many hours stay still. They are not active. The only movement that occurs on a computer is the flick of the finger when it clicks the mouse button. Clearly, this is not enough exercise needed to maintain a healthy and happy lifestyle. Studies have shown that since the invention of computers, young people in particular are doing less and less physical activity. I'm sure it will continue to get worse if people continue to spend the majority of the time on their computers. A third reason I think computers have a negative effect on people is that they are distracting and waste time. An example of this is that once, while I was online researching a school project, I saw an advertisement for a website that looked interesting. When I clicked on it, I was taken to a site full of funny stories and pictures. I spent the next half hour reading articles on this website and completely forgot about my project. When I figured out what I had done, I rushed over to finish my research and ended up getting a lower rating at that point. I'm sure I would have had if I hadn't been distracted from other things to do on the computer. That's why I think computers don't have a good effect on the people who use them. They avoid spending time with family and friends, they exercise less. And they waste time and are distractions.
Dear @ CAPS1, the people at @ CAPS2 have been using computers for years. But @ CAPS3 is good for your health. Didn't think about the power teens have with the internet. If you need any information. We have a lot of good books. If we need communication, we have telephones. We need to go out and exercise. @ CAPS3 the computer another reason America @ CAPS3 is getting obese? First, teens can do harmful things on the Internet to themselves or to others. People invented facebook and myspace. Almost all American teens have a Facebook. Did you know that there is cyberbullying now. People have humiliated others on the Internet. How do we know the person was talking to @ CAPS3 who they think is @ CAPS3 ? Teenagers give a lot of information about themselves, some disappeared from such action. Internet @ CAPS3 is a powerful weapon, but can teens handle that kind of power ? Second, although the @ CAPS3 computer is a handy device. @ CAPS3 it's not true that we have something called books. We can't believe everything @ CAPS3 said on the computer. We can get everything we need and more from the books. People lived in the middle ages without computers, but with books. Why can we. Have we gotten lazy to do such a thing as get up and leaf through a book. Finally, if we are looking for communication, then why not a simple text or call. we strive to light up and open pages just for chatting online. We have become lazy because of the appliances that have everything we need in our homes. Sure, that's a good thing, but don't forget a bad one. It looks like the @ CAPS3 computer is another reason America is getting obese. We have to get up, walk, go out with friends, play sports. But how can we when have been addicted to computers. It's like a potent drug. In conclusion, I think computers are not good for us. Teens with the power of Facebook. False and dangerous information when we have a book. Finally, our own health. At this point I ask you, @ CAPS3 is the computer worth everything we think @ CAPS3 ? No, it's not @ CAPS3.
Dear Diary, @ CAPS1 Over the years the streets have become less crowded with people exercising and enjoying nature. Is it good or bad? Technology has advanced so much that it may be better to stay at home and on the computer than to take a walk in the park. Computers have a positive effect on people because they have advertisements that encourage exercise, advertisements that encourage travel and enjoying nature, and computers allow people to interact from anywhere in the world. world. First of all, computers are full of great advertisements. Some advertisements talk about joining a gym and exercising. Studies show that <@ PERCENT1 @ NUM1> of children without a computer don't get enough exercise, while only @ PERCENT1 of children with a computer don't get enough exercise. These statistics show that computers are better for people's health than you might think. Then the computers have even more advertisements that encourage people to travel the world. By doing this, people's intelligence will increase as they will learn new facts about new places. In addition, people will be happier because they love to travel. Finally, people's jobs will benefit if their business depends on the ads they post on the Internet. Finally, the technology used in computers today allows people to talk to friends from almost anywhere in the world on a computer. Social sites such as Facebook allow people to view photos of where their friends have traveled. Webcams allow people to talk face to face from near the new gymnasium they have joined. <@ PERCENT1 @ NUM2> people say they have a better social life online than outdoors when their friends may not be around to talk. In conclusion, computers have a positive effect on people because they have advertisements that encourage people to exercise, travel, and computers allow people to speak from anywhere in the world. Technology is here to make the world a happier, healthier and more social place. This is why computers have a very positive effect on people all over the world.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS1 our forest dwarf regrowth, a service that only takes seconds, and can find virtually any answer to any question. What could be causing this phenomenon. The answer is computers. These electronic wonders help us and our planet in so many ways. because they are environmentally friendly, efficient and loaded with information. You @ MONTH1 wonder how computers are environmentally friendly. Well, for starters, they help slow down the waste of paper. Did you know that @ LOCATION1 kills approximately @ NUM1 million trees per year for a pound. Computers help prevent this in several ways. For example, instead of sending a short letter to the police chief asking what the new driving law is. You can send an email and save paper. Also, if you wanted the newspaper staff to interview the people who survived the power plant explosion, you could email them all with instructions to the survivors' house instead of handing out cards individually. . So now you see how environmentally friendly computers are. My next reason was efficiency. My Dell @ CAPS2 laptop at home takes about @ NUM1 min to load, @ NUM3 sec to access the internet, and @ NUM4 sec to access another web page. So say i want to know how many legs a centipede has (parents don't know either) without a computer it would take @ NUM5 min to get to the library, @ NUM6 min to find a parking space and @ NUM4 min to find a book on cenipedes. Altogether it's at least @ NUM8 minutes but my computer would only take @ NUM1 min @ NUM10 sec or so. Also, if you wanted to ask a friend what she's doing on @ DATE1. I would only take a few seconds to send an email and she would respond quickly, as she was probably on the computer a. My third reason was that computers are loaded with information, the library @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 I could find @ NUM4 book on one subject but on a computer I @ MONTH1 found a thousand. Once, I was doing a report on monarch butterflies. @ CAPS2 the library @ CAPS3 I found @ NUM12 books about them, on the internet I found @ NUM13 websites on them ! The books also contain general information such as @ CAPS5 life, but the Internet has specific information about the @ CAPS5 part of the environment. As you now know, computers not only help humans but also environments because they are environmentally friendly, efficient and loaded with information.
Dear Diary, I believe that computers have a positive effect on society. I believe that computers have a positive effect because they help us discover faraway places, they help us communicate with our friends and family all over the world, and computers help entertain people. The computer has a positive effect on society because it allows you to discover distant places, their history and their landscape. By learning these things you can do a lot of things such as planning a vacation, this information can help you on a report card, this information can also help you learn about your heritage and culture. Computers also have a positive effect and are beneficial to society as they help you communicate with your friends and family all over the world! You can communicate with anyone you know. Nowadays, everyone uses the computer as their primary means of communication. In a study, he showed that @ PERCENT1 of people around the world have a computer as a tool for communication. Finally, computers are good for society because they keep us entertained. There are many things you can do on a computer so that you never get bored. You can play games, surf the web, or watch videos on networks such as YouTube. So on a computer you will never be bored. The computer is beneficial and has a positive effect on society. The computer helps us discover faraway places, it allows us to communicate with our friends and family all over the world, and finally the computer entertains us. That is why the computer is good for society.
I don't think computers benefit society as much as everyone thinks. When people spend most of their time on computers, they don't have time for their families, people don't exercise enough when they are on computers, which makes them obese, and you @ MONTH1 meet a bad person somewhere you met on facebook or myspace. These are the main reasons why computers do not benefit society. The main reason that computers are not beneficial is that you need to spend time with your family. But, when you are on computers 24 hours a day, you have absolutely no time with your family and friends. I believe families should have dinner together and spend at least an hour together. Some great ways to spend time with your family are by playing games together, going for a walk, or even riding a bike together. Did you know that computers have a medium size effect on how obese people become? If you are in school from seven to thirty and after school you spend seven hours on your computer, you will get fatter because you will not have time to exercise at all. When you are just eating and not exercising, your body will not only burn all the fat that you have eaten. When you are on a computer, you are probably going to facebook or myspace. On these chat sites, you can make arrangements to go somewhere with someone you don't even know. If you come across them, it could be a killer, kidnapper, or rapist. So there you can literally die or get hurt because of your computer. This is why email is the safest way to chat online if you have a computer. These are the main reasons why computers are not beneficial to society. Also, you @ MONTH1 don't spend enough time with family or friends, you may become obese because you don't have "time" to exercise, and you may be kidnapped by someone. you don't even know about it via facebook or myspace. What would you like if you didn't have time with your family, were obese, and got kidnapped for meeting someone who thought they were nice through Facebook or even myspace?
Dear Local Newspaper, Computers are a very unique and advanced device. They give entertainment, fun and knowledge to some people. I don't agree that computers are a big part of society. Although you need computers. There are reasons why I say this. Typing is faster than handwriting, and it's sharper. With all the different websites, you can advertise and buy important stuff on the internet and talk to people all over the world. With all of these good reasons, there should be an instant choice whether they are good or bad. But there is a main reason. This is one area that says it's bad. Computers are for people. People couldn't get rid of their handwritten report or go to the store to buy something. Not. If computers never went into exile, the world would undoubtedly be a better place everywhere. There are a lot of reasons why computers are bad. They hold information that can be hacked and by someone you don't want to know. Cyberbullying is bad thing about computers. Another big one is these silly online games. People get addicted and then they get lazy and eventually obese. So, as I said before, part of society and should be. It would be of great importance to me if you would take my letter into account. Remember that computers can take advantage of your life and make you what you are not. make this decision I hope you live a full life and enjoy reading my letter. PS Try not to get involved in online games being a nationwide disease.
Dear editor @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, I recently saw some news on channel @ NUM1 that you want to know. Computers have on people. In the past, everyone owned and learned knowledge from computers. @ PERCENT1 of @ CAPS3 interviewed at @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 agree that computers are useful to us. In my opinion, computers have a positive effect on people. The first reason is that computers teach hand-eye coordination. Without this coordination, people would not survive. Users finish very quickly. The computer makes us use these muscles so that we can live happily. @ PERCENT1 from @ CAPS3 recently responded to a survey at @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4, agree that computers are the primary source of hand-eye coordination. Human expert Dr @ DR1 said, "People without a computer can't do what others can. They can't react quickly." In short, computers help with hand-eye coordination. The second reason is that computers allow us to learn from distant places. when you can't look up and find out more about the places, you're not about them. You are in luck if you know when they are in the world. Computers allow you to search for these places. You may consider going there for a vacation or to do a story. @ PERCENT2 of adults interviewed at the public library said computers helped. They are full of much more information than books. In short, computers allow you to learn about faraway places. The third reason is that computers allow you to talk to people online. This extends your friend ships with people. You can talk on the computer, not just at school. It also allows you to meet new and different people. You can talk to people at @ LOCATION1 who you couldn't talk to without a computer. Computing makes it possible to open it up to everyone. @ PERCENT1 of parents who responded to a survey in @ ORGANIZATION1 say they want their children to learn about different cultures. They need the computer for this task. In short, computers allow you to talk to people online. In conclusion, computers have a positive effect on people. The reasons are to teach hand-eye coordination, learn about faraway places, and talk to people online. I strongly urge you to take a close look at any point of view. That decision is up to you now.
@ CITY1 @ CAPS1, computers are very useful devices. Life would be very hard without them. Not only are they useful, they're fun and easy to use ! I believe computers have a great effect on people because you can stay in touch with family and friends, go to school websites, and use search engines. Friends and family are extremely important in people's lives. Computers can help you stay in touch with them! the @ NUM1 applications that I mainly use are @ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS2 and @ CAPS3. @ ORGANIZATION1 is a free online application that you can download to your computer, add your friends and video chat ! thanks to this, I keep in touch with my @ CAPS4, my friend who has moved, and even a friend of @ LOCATION2! @ CAPS2 (@ ORGANIZATION3 instant messaging) is where you can message your friends and get instant replies ! It's like text messaging, only through computers. Finally, @ CAPS3 is a website where you can add friends from all over the world! I'm friends with lots of family members that I don't see very often, a friend who has moved to @ LOCATION3, and lots of other people who are moving ! @ CAPS3, @ CAPS2, and @ ORGANIZATION1 are great ways to stay in touch with other people ! When you're sick at home after school and need to catch up on schoolwork, instead of calling a friend from each of your classes, go to the school webpage ! All teachers should have their own website which you can get from there. On their pages, they should have posted homework, a quiz / test schedule, favorite links, projects, and their email address. I find this very useful because even if you don't understand your homework, you can email your teacher! Not only does the school website have pages for teachers, it also has lunch menus, upcoming events, school address and phone number, and many more. ! School could be much more difficult without a website. Do you already have a question but no one has the answer? www.Google.com has the answer for everything! you can find web pages, videos, images, translators, etc. Google is not the only search engine on the Internet, there is also @ CAPS6, @ ORGANIZATION2 !, @ LOCATION4, @ CAPS7, @ LOCATION1, etc. All of this can help you find answers, photos, videos and more! I often use them to find photos for a school project, web pages for research, translators to check my Spanish homework, and videos to show my friends! if we didn't have search engines, life would be much more difficult. Computers, as you can see, are extremely useful, easy, and fun to use. People love them and use them all the time. Hope you agree that computers have a big effect on people ! Keeping in touch with family and friends, having a good education, and finding answers with one click is the easiest way to go !
Dear Diary, Computers have a huge effect on society, can you even imagine where we would be without them? They are great for communication, learning, and shopping. Computers have a big effect on people. Without computers, communication with colleagues, family and friends would be almost impossible. Social networking sites, such as @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3 and @ CAPS4-In play an important role in everyday life. These are the sites you use to access other people's information to plan the weekend. Do you think your kids are using the intrenet too much? Nowadays, this is their way of communicating with their peers. This makes them more sociable which is a great quality to have in life. Also, I don't know about you, but I have spoken to many people around the world using the internet. It gives you the chance to experience other cultures. Communication was absolutely not that easy until we had computers. It seems hard to believe @ MONEY1, but you can learn huge amounts of @ MONEY1 things on the internet. This @ MONTH1 includes learning from people. How would you video chat with someone without @ CAPS5 or @ ORGANIZATION2 ? You can learn a lot about a person by talking to them face to face, something that cannot be done over the phone. Also, research for the school could not be done without the Internet. In a recent survey, @ NUM1 on @ MONEY1 @ NUM2 teens reported that they use a search engine site, such as @ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS6 or @ ORGANIZATION3 at least once a day, @ CAPS7 on @ MONEY1 those @ NUM1 have said it is for school. Without these search engines, children would not do very well in school. Obviously, the computer offers many ways of researching and learning on a daily basis. Sounds ridiculous to @ MONTH1, but at @ DATE2, @ PERCENT1 @ MONEY1 the purchases were made over the internet. If someone wants to start a business, their first stop is usually the Internet. People earn @ MONEY1 every year with the help of @ MONEY1 computers. People find it easier to buy something by clicking @ MONEY1 with a mouse. It's easier than the hassle of crowded @ MONEY1 malls and long queues. Also, do you remember when @ CAPS8 @ DATE1 was the time to set the alarm clock for @ NUM4 @ CAPS9 ? Well, how people shop @ CAPS10 online, there are hundreds if not thousands of @ MONEY1 sites that have great sales. Now think about what buying items would be like if it wasn't for the Internet. It's not a pretty picture, is it? As you can see, computers have greatly affected our lives. Communication, learning and even shopping just got a whole lot easier. Many @ MONTH1 think computers aren't a bad thing to have, but the good overlooks these aspects.
I support the advancement of technology especially in computers. Using the computer can teach hand-eye coordination, give you the opportunity to learn about distant places or people, and give you the opportunity to talk online with other people. Hand-eye coordination is a very important skill to have. it accelerates reflexes in everyday life. Hand-eye coordination is especially necessary for sports like baseball, football or basketball. Without computers, many people would lack hand-eye coordination. If you are driving a car on the freeway, when a car suddenly swerves on the wrong side of the road and is heading towards you, you need to react quickly. Without an eye-hand, you could die. Perhaps using computers could save your life one day. If someone wants to go to a foreign country, but doesn't know about it, they might lose it on the Internet. The Internet plays a major role in the ownership of computers. Without it, people probably wouldn't be able to easily search for a country or learn more about other people. Some people @ MONTHS1 think that using too much computer prevents people from exercising, which is true in some cases, but the computer is very useful if you want to know something. Like who won the election, or who won the sports championship. Computers are almost a necessity in every household. The computer gives people the ability to chat online with other people. Some they @ MONTH1 know in real life, or some they have met online. It expands people's interactive lives, helping them to make new friends. While this is a good thing to have access to, it's still important to socialize with people in person, rather than socializing online. Some people find it difficult to talk to people in person and are more comfortable chatting on the computer. Maybe this person could make a friend and meet him one day in real life. This @ MONTH1 is dangerous for the younger ones, so be careful. I support the advancement of computer technology because it gives people greater reflexes, gives people the ability to search for distant places, and gives people access to the internet to chat with people online. These are three huge benefits that using computers gives people.
In modern society, @ CAPS3 is rare that you will meet someone who doesn't know how to operate a computer. According to the stats project known on youtube as " the change is happening ", most of the kids in @ LOCATION1, @ PERCENT1 in fact, have used a computer before the age of four. While @ CAPS3 can be argued that computers are bad, I strongly disagree. Computers are one of the greatest technological advancements of the human race. they have helped education, reconnection and sometimes are even good for the environment. I wonder why people disagree, and I hope after reading this you will too. In my school there are three computer labs, each with about twenty-five computers, a library with twenty computers, and each teacher has two computers in their classroom. When I look at these amounts and add to what I know about computers in other schools @ CAPS1, @ CAPS3 is clear to me that computers have helped the education system. Many teachers can ask students to search for projects with one click. There are websites where students who had not attended school can get their homework for the next day. In addition, teachers can put their notebooks in their reader. This saves paper and ensures the accuracy of the final grade. As a student, I think computers have greatly improved schools in many ways, but especially in the ones above. At one point or another in life, we are all older and want to reconnect with our old friends. Thanks to computers, the reconnection process is much easier. There are social networks such as Facebook, Twitter and @ CAPS2 which are invaluable in finding your camp friend @ DATE1. Let's say you've been in contact with someone and you've just found out you've been promoted. You want to call, but you don't know the phone number, but you know the email address. Emails are sent instantly anywhere. (And while you're at @ CAPS3, ask for a phone number !) @ CAPS3 is always a pleasure to talk to old friends. Computers helped @ LOCATION1 make this easier. My friend recently bought a Sony laptop. She not only liked the features, but also that @ CAPS3 was an energy or green star. Computers these days have gone green in the battle for the environment. Paper is saved with online encyclopedias, newspapers, magazines, etc. Not only that, but computers need less and less electricity. You save green and are green! Society today helps mother nature not only in our actions, but also in computers. In my opinion, computers help @ LOCATION1, without harming @ LOCATION1. They have helped education, social reconnection and the environment. We must look with sympathy on the advancement and miracle invention known as the computer.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 don't you agree that computers should be limited or often unused ? Recently it has come to my attention that computers have a negative effect on society. Without a doubt, I firmly believe that computers should be a hobby, not an addiction. People spend a lot of time on their computers and less time exercising and interacting with family and friends. Most teens are involved in cyberbullying that takes place on computers. People spend too much time on their computers and less time exercising. I remember when my mother-in-law @ PERSON1 was a size six at the waist. @ PERSON1 would exercise every day after work for two hours. Everything changed when my dad bought him a lime green laptop, @ ORGANIZATION1 @ CAPS2 for his birthday. @ PERSON1 quickly became addicted to @ CAPS3 (computer game) and began to cut back on his exercise routines. Six months later, when she went on a doctor's appointment, she found out that she had gained over ten pounds. @ PERSON1 is now a size fourteen at size. Studies show that @ PERCENT1 of people gain weight because they reduce their physical activity in order to have more time at the computer. Most people spend too much time on their computer and less time interacting with family and friends. Reminds me of my step dad @ PERSON4. When @ PERSON4 comes home from work, he usually goes straight to the computer instead of having a conversation with the rest of the family. He gets angry when @ PERSON2 (@ NUM1 years old) bothers him because he wants to play. @ PERSON4 is usually online. From three to ten, playing chess with strangers from everywhere. What he doesn't know is that while he establishes relationships with strangers, he breaks the bond between himself and those close to him. @ PERCENT2 of teens are involved in cyberbullying. It reminds me of my cousin @ PERSON3. The last @ DATE1, @ PERSON3 joined @ CAPS4 @ CAPS2, iTrouble quickly started finding her. In other words, thirteen to twenty-year-old girls began to send threatening messengers to him. Just one day when @ PERSON3 was walking down the street, a gang of girls pounced on him. However, she survived the brutal attack and deleted her @ CAPS4 account. In conclusion, without a doubt, I firmly believe that people should not spend too much time on computers. My three arguments are cyberbullying, less exercise and less interaction with family and friends, @ CAPS7 takes my suggestion seriously and bans computers.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 brought to the attention of @ CAPS2 that we are discussing the weather or that computers do not benefit society. Well if you ask me I think @ CAPS1 does. For one, computers help entertainment. Second, they are very informative. Finally, computers make life less stressful. In the following paragraphs, I will explain the @ CAPS2 reasoning. First, computers provide entertainment. Now I can see why people say we should get out more and exercise, but what to do on a rainy day ? Well you could go on the computer! In addition, computers give pleasure to children and make them happy, instead of being sometimes. Another reason that computers are good is that they can give modifications to children. Suppose your kid really wants to play a new game on their favorite website, but their homework is not finished, you can tell them that if they do their homework, they can play on the computer. Besides, you can also give it a time limit on @ CAPS1. Finally, for a teenager or older, they are more social than small children. They do things like; twitter, facebook and myspace. Computers are probably their @ NUM1 or @ NUM2 way of communicating. Sadly. Some people abuse these rights and people get in trouble. But the good thing is that you can customize your page so that it doesn't happen. Either way, kids are getting more social. Second, computers are informative. They can tell you a lot with just one press of the keyboard and the click of a mouse. You can search for someone or something all over the world. If you want to know the mom and how to prepare for @ CAPS1, just search @ CAPS1 and do whatever it takes. Moreover, if you discover something new, tell people about it, you can spread the knowledge. Third, computers make things less stressful. what do you prefer to do, type or @ NUM3 pages ? Well, I would type! computers make things more organized so that @ CAPS1 is easier to find. @ CAPS1 also makes @ CAPS1 more easily find things, like files, because you can just do "@ CAPS2 documents" and find @ CAPS1. As you can define, computers are an important part of our lives. Can you imagine a world without computers? I certainly couldn't! So far, I have said that computers are fun, informative, and make things less stressful. Hope you are taking the @ CAPS2 letter into consideration.
I agree with the many people who benefit society. Computers can be used as a learning tool, allow communication with distant family and friends. Finally, computers give you something to do in your spare time, like playing games. First of all, I know a lot of people think that others have wasted their time on computers. But most computer users use the computer as a tool for learning and for working. There are many educational websites that people can visit to learn more about any topic. If you want to know more about different cultures such as @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2. There are websites to tell you anything you want to know. Computers also still help the work being done. There are several programs designed to make writing documents or presenting information much easier @ MONTH1 people use these programs to get ahead with their work and present the facts more easily using these programs it is very hard to lose and to work that you do because everything is saved in the computer. Second, computers are a great way for many people to spend some free time. Many websites are designed for this reason. Some let you play games and other websites let you watch videos made by other people while some @ MONS1 people spend a lot of time on these many offers know moderation and spread their time even over other websites harsh videos that are used to describe important issues eg the president has given many videos via @ CAPS4 because more often than not people are on their computers not watching tv. Finally, computers are a great way to communicate with distant friends and family. There are many ways to do this such as email or lots of social networking websites. My family being immigrants from another country my family. Think it's a great tool for talking with our family, and I'm sure there are plenty of others who use the computer this way too. People also make and stay in touch with good friends through @ CAPS4. I use @ CAPS3-mail as a way to stay in touch with a lot of my friends that I haven't seen in tears, my parents also found some longtime lost friends they had before we went through Facebook. ideas faster than a letter. Many scientists use @ CAPS4 to post ideas and experiments. Finally, I agree with people who think that sad computers benefit society, computers help by being a tool for learning and working, spending free time and seeing important information and finally computers allow communication with very distant and distant family members.
Dear Diary, I think that when children or even adults have computers, they will not be using them for good causes. When people have computers, they spend more time in and on them. They need to go outside to exercise. Even small things like, if you go to your friends house, jog there instead of your bike. When people spend more time on their computers than talking to your friends, they will run out of socialization, and after a while, they won't know how to communicate with people. All they would have to do is set a time limit on their computer and only use it for work otherwise. Computers could also be used for good things. If you have a school project and need to type it up on the computer or find pictures on the Internet, the computer would be a good resource. If you have a job working with computers or repairing computers, you would be spending a lot of time on your computer. It also allows you to interact with people on the other side of the world. You can also learn about interesting facts or places. Computers can also be used for the wrong reasons. When people use it, they can just use it to play that cool new video game that they have. This can lead them to become obese. They can also use it for sexual harassment to stalk people. People can also use it for horrible things like selling or buying drugs or illegal things. So, as you can see, computers are insecure in many ways. Hope you can read and understand all the important facts for my reasons and consider them. Thank you and good day.
Dear local newspaper, I think computers have a bad effect on people as they will not have time to exercise, less time with friends and family, and it might give a bad influence to one. young child. Here are my detailed reasons. The most important reason that computers have such a bad effect on people is that by the time they spend on the computer, they might be exercising to stay healthy. For example, my mom runs @ NUM1 miles everyday and still has time to go on the computer. If you use the @ NUM2 computer it is bad, but if you use it in moderation it is a bit better. For example my mom lets me go to the computer, but she @ CAPS1 makes me go out and run around @ CAPS1 people always talk about obesity, and computers are one way to get to kids and adults. They just sit on the computer and do nothing while on the other hand they might be outside. Here is my second reason. The next most important thing is that children and adults will not have time to spend time with their families and share memories with them. My mom always tells me that the best part of growing up is making memories with the people you love. My friends and I love to be outside and go to the playgrounds and act like little kids, but it makes us laugh and people say laughing makes you happy and healthy. Here is my last reason. The last most important reason is that it can give a young child the wrong ideas. For example I have @ NUM1 younger sisters and they love to use the computer and some websites are not suitable for younger ones. A website could be @ CAPS2 because bad people post videos and little kids could then see and get a bad idea. Here is my conclusion. In conclusion, I think computers have a bad effect on people because they spend less time staying healthy, less time with friends and family and that gives kids a bad idea. I hope I understood that they are bad.
Dear @ CAPS1, I would like to inform the public that using computers is not that bad. The number one reason I think computers are good is because of the people we can meet through @ CAPS2, yahoo, @ ORGANIZATION1, or gmail. For example, we could meet someone from @ LOCATION1 and learn more about their culture or beliefs. My second reason I think computers help people is because if someone didn't have @ CAPS3 or the journal, he or she could get the @ CAPS4 news through nbc.com or fox.com and still be able to know what's going on in the world.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 percentage of people in the world do you think you have a computer and do you think it has a positive effect on them ? Well, about @ PERCENT1 of the world, computers are a great way to communicate with friends, family, and different people across the world. They also mentioned that it was now good eye coordination on adults and students. A wonderful educational source for use in schools, jobs, etc. First of all, the reason I say this is a great way to communicate is because of the programs that computers have memorized in them which are small numbers all over the universe to connect with your friends, the family and people around the earth. For example like Yahoo, Facebook, Twitter, Myspace, etc., these are all types of ways to communicate with people and bring more social which is a healthy lifestyle. More than half of the world has these sources of communication because it's easier and you get more out of your mind. Another reason they @ MONTH1 have these connections is probably because it's a better way to see each other if you live in different parts of the earth. The reason I said this is another way of seeing people all over the world is because right now I live at @ LOCATION1 and to see the ones I love and care about, it's through my space and facebook to be able to see my family and friends who live in places different from me like @ LOCATION2, @ LOCATION4, @ LOCATION3, etc. Another reason is that it is good eye coordination on adults and students.
When using a computer, you have the flexibility to do virtually anything. The internet has millions of users and makes life much easier. You have access to speak with people who are all over the world! You can search any topic and find out more about it. The internet even encourages you to go out and see things for yourself. In the @ DATE1 it is easy to contact someone in @ LOCATION1 as it is to contact someone on the other side of town. As long as oyu has an internet connection, you can keep in touch with a friend who moved on a business trip, anyone! Some @ MONTH1 say you just have to use a phone, but you can use internet video chat. You can see someone who is thousands of miles away, as if they were right in front of you. These days, it's harder not to keep in touch than it is to keep in touch. @ NUM1 or @ NUM2 years ago, all the information you need came from a book. You would have to go to the library, find the right book and read it. If you were lucky you might find a bit of what you were looking for. Nowadays you just have to type it in a search browser and you instantly get thousands of websites on this topic. The Internet allows you to educate yourself on any subject you wish. You can pass experts @ CAPS1 or give that some people spend too much time on their computers. Seeing all of these beautiful places and beautiful photos encourages the folks at @ CAPS1 to come out and see it for themselves. In a recent poll, @ PERCENT1 people took a hike after seeing a youtube video about how nice it is to hang out. The internet has a huge effect on us. It can also reunite families. For example, at dinner you can get a great recipe on the Internet. In fact, you can get millions of great recipes. The internet was an amazing idea. @ CAPS1 looks like this is the greatest invention of all time. Yes, it can be dangerous, but with the right education on it, the internet is a good source of information and a @ CAPS2 masterpiece, if not abused. Being able to see and talk to others so far away was seemingly impossible a few decades ago. Getting information has never been easier. We are fortunate to live in an age when the Internet is within reach.
Dear @ CAPS1, I know people spend way too much time on computers instead of being outdoors. People are becoming addicted to computers. People spend far too much time on computers because they are addicted to them, overweight and don't exercise. I'm telling you that we have to deal with this issue. People have become addicted to computers. @ PERSON1 says that at @ DATE1 there were @ NUM1 people using computers, and that @ DATE2 there are almost @ NUM2 million people using computers, that's a big increase in the last few years. People are becoming more and more dependent because of Facebook, Twitter and many other computer sites. Yale says that at @ DATE3 the number of people on Facebook was only @ NUM3,000 at @ DATE4 there are over @ NUM4 million people using Facebook I don't know about you, but it got me seems to be addicting to computers. People are putting on an awful lot of weight. One of the causes of this is computer addiction, people just sit in front of their computers and eat and eat and eat until they are overweight and unhealthy. Dr @ PERSON2 says that over the past @ NUM5 years the average weight of a person has increased @ NUM3 pounds because they are sitting at their computer and eating. Doctors say they can't do anything about people's weight unless they turn off all of their computers, which they don't think is possible. People start to gain weight by sitting and doing nothing all day. Exercise is the key to staying healthy. And by sitting in front of a computer eating, you're not getting the exercise you need to get people to put on weight. Dr @ PERSON3 says people need to be aware of this problem. Dr @ PERSON3 also says that over the past @ NUM7 years the amount of exercise people do has decreased @ PERCENT1 which is why people are putting on weight. He also says it's due to sitting in front of the computer and eating. People don't exercise because of computers. I'm telling you this is a huge problem that we have to deal with. People get addicted to computers, gain weight on them, and don't exercise. Please @ CAPS1 post listen, this is a problem, but this is your section.
Dear local newspaper, I think the negative effects of computers on people outweigh the positive effects. Computers have caused a massive amount of obesity in @ LOCATION1 and that number is increasing every day. Computers can also be very time consuming, and people can spend hours or even days on a computer doing nothing else. Finally, computers can be dangerous for many children and can even lead to death. I think computers are too bad for society and should be stopped. Obesity is @ CAPS4 of the biggest problems in @ LOCATION1 and is increasing day by day. Over @ PERCENT1 from @ LOCATION1 the population is obese and computers have been a major contributor. Get into the mind of a computer junkie. It's dinner time and you're hungry, but you don't want to waste too much time on your computer. You rush to the nearest fast food store and by yourself a cheeseburger, fries, and soda. You then return home and eat the food while on your computer. Not only is fast food bad for you, but you're not even giving your body a chance to burn @ CAPS7 the calories and carbohydrates you just ate while exercising. Computer addicts do it almost every day and before they know it, they are. @ NUM1 books ! In addition, people whose hand-eye coordination can do it in all ways other than just using a computer contribute to a large portion of the obese population, but they can also be time consuming. People on computers waste a huge amount of their timers. These people stay on their computers for hours and sometimes they don't even realize it. They say "@ CAPS1, let me check my email. @ CAPS1 look, I got a @ CAPS2! @ CAPS1, just let me change my @ CAPS3 account." @ CAPS4 something else and @ CAPS7 of a fool, @ NUM2 or @ NUM3 hours have already passed. People who stay on computers @ CAPS7 days are wasting precious time that could be spent with family, exercising, or finding true love. Time is so precious in our lives and we must not waste it by staying on a computer @ CAPS7 day. Not only can they be very time consuming, but computers can also be dangerous. Children across the country are being killed, raped and intimidated @ CAPS7 on computers. They show their photos on chat sites, give too much information and enough. They have a critical hit at their front door. Also, those who committed suicide because they were harassed on @ CAPS5. Cyberbullying can be just as harmful. If this is no longer harmful, than vregular bullying. These children are suffering such severe mental and emotional damage that they make bad decisions, including suicide, and @ NUM4 at school. Additionally, there may be explicit content on the @ CAPS5, including pictures and videos that may harm a child's young mind. it won't take a long time. Finally, they can be extremely dangerous for children. Because of these should be banned from the company @ CAPS7 for the proper use of @ LOCATION1
Dear local newspaper @ CAPS1, I heard that you are concerned about people and the way they use the computer too much. I think computers are a good thing to have because a lot of people use computers for school, work, etc. I think computers are a good use, a lot of people use it for research and resources. It is easier to use them when you go on vacation because you can check the number of hotels, where the restaurants are and what the interesting places are, instead of calling / driving. Computers are good for school because I think books are harder / longer to use than computers. For questions as well, you can go to any of the websites and ask the question and there are many other people who could answer the question you are looking for. It is also useful for work, most people use computers for work. They can put taxes / documents there on their computers. Computers can also be used for fun. There is the cat ; facebook games. I think computers are useful for a lot of things, but I also think some people spend too much time on them too. Computers are great, but you should also be using other things like maps, books, etc. Many can spend @ NUM1 hours on the computer facebooking and gaming. I think it's important that people go out and hang out with friends. Lots of people spend time there on the computer during @ DATE1 because it is cold and sometimes it snows. I don't think they should be spending all of their time on the computer because you don't want to just depend on electronics every time. I think computers shouldn't be used a lot in the @ DATE2 because I think it's important to spend time with friends and family and also the good weather. I think computers can be very useful for directions, work, schoolwork but you shouldn't spend a lot of time on them. Electronics are not everything in life. Thanks for taking the time to read this and I hope you agree with me.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3, I think computers are good for society even though some people don't because they give us a way to communicate, computers give us the opportunity to learn more about things. people or foreign places, and computers help businesses in several ways. Computers are a plus in a society. Computers provide us with means of communication such as @ CAPS4, @ CAPS5, @ CAPS6-mail, and much more. Without the computer, families who live far from each other can talk at the push of a button. @ CAPS5 allows us to talk to our friends after school and plan what we are going to do that night. Long distance calls cost money and it's not worth @ MONEY1 a call if you call every other day. Communication has evolved so much over the past @ NUM1 years. Computers are just the beginning. That is why computers are good for communication. Computers give us the ability to research facts about foreign places and people in minutes. We could research who was @ CAPS7 from @ LOCATION1 in the would get multiple sites on @ CAPS7. Computers help us expand our learning abilities and give us a chance to learn things that we would not normally have learned. This is another reason why computers are of great benefit to society. The final reason that computers are good for society is that computers help keep a lot of data. Work data and it helps @ PERCENT1 of the companies that we file reports to communicate with other branches of this company. I learned in class that the job was much more difficult than it is today because of technology. Some people think that using computers prevents people from going out and exercising. It only takes @ NUM2 minutes to verify your @ CAPS6-mail, or search for something. Computers benefit society because without computers our lives would be much more complicated.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3, I think we should have computers for good purposes. One of the reasons is that there is a lot more information on the Internet. Another reason is that there is a history on many different websites. My last reason is that you can send messages to a faraway place using email. My first reason is that there is a lot more information on the Internet. For example, if you don't have the diary with you, but you have your laptop, you can get information this way. Did you know that at @ NUM1, @ NUM2 people use their laptops for information and not for games. Another example is if we receive the newspaper every day but it does not have the article we are looking for, we are using the Internet. When we search the Internet for information, you use Yahoo, Google, and other websites for the information you need. My second reason is that there is a certain story on many different websites. For example, you can go to a website and learn more about history every day, instead of going to a history museum every day ! One day I had to do a project on @ CAPS4 and I had four days to do it, you know what I did, I went to a historic site on @ CAPS4. I got an A + for my project. When people need history, it's always around the Internet. My very last reason is that instead of texting people from faraway places, why not just use an email address. For example, you don't have to pay for an email address. It's actually free and did you know that over @ NUM3 million people worldwide use an email address instead of texting other people. When you don't have an email address, it's very quick to create one. You don't have to waste money texting someone halfway around the world. In conclusion, I think we should have computers. One of the reasons is that we have a lot more information on the Internet. Another reason is that there is a history on some websites. And my last reason is that you can send messages to a remote location using email. Thank you for reading this article.
The new computers @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3 are a benefit for the company. Most people don't think so, but there are a number of reasons why they are. People always have something to do when they are bored, there is a lot to learn and it keeps you organized. After reading this article, you will agree with me that computers are an advantage. Are you bored and have nothing to do? Well, if you have a computer handy, there are endless things to keep you occupied. People can talk to their friends and continue to teach with them. It doesn't matter how far they go. There are many websites that offer games that you can play. Any kind of game, they are all on the computer. You @ MONTH1 think, "I might get addicted to a game and never want to take my eyes off the screen. Well in that case you can always set a timer on it to give yourself some time, but don't worry. not, it alerts you before it turns off. The computer is not just a fun game. It is filled with knowledge, it is like the brains of @ NUM1 scientists and mathematicians put together. If you have a school assignment write an article about a famous person, you can search them on the computer to get a quick way to get information. There will be many websites about this person. In addition, every day there are has updates on what's going on in the world. You don't have to worry about not knowing what's going on. Do you like to stay organized? Personally I think it's easier to get through life and all days, to know where things are and to stay organized. great easy way to stay organized. There are many programs that you can use for writing documents, making graphics, and whatever else you need to do. About <@ PERCENT1 @ NUM2> of working people need a computer to do their jobs and keep track of everything. @ PERCENT1 of working humans is a greater amount. So thing about it, if computers weren't made, that <@ PERCENT1 @ NUM2> people wouldn't have jobs, or they'd have to keep it all on paper, which @ MONTH1 would be a disaster. After a while you @ MONTH1 want to backup everything by copying all your photos, files, music etc. to a @ CAPS4 so you don't lose everything if your computer shuts down. After reading this, don't you agree with me that computers are a benefit to society? There are many other reasons, but this paper had many. I hope you understood that without computers the world wouldn't be what it is today. Thank you for your time.
Dear @ PERSON1, I am writing a letter discussing how computers have a negative effect on the average American, here are my reasons why people don't spend a lot of time outdoors, lack exercise, n 'interact with their family as much. Not spending a lot of time can have a big effect on Mother Nature. As they will start to care less about our wonderful land and not worry about polluting because if they took the time to go out instead of running the air conditioner they can save money and go be with their friends . Lack of exercise can be very bad for your health. Sitting on the computer all day is not exercising laziness. When you exercise you feel good about yourself, your adreniline starts to rise, you can stay in shape, and you won't have to worry about being unhealthy if you step away from the computer. . When you are not interacting with your family and instead of having dinner together, one person on the computer and the others are watching @ CAPS1. You might argue with your family a lot and you don't want to have a healthy relationship. So why don't you encourage your family to sit down at the table and discuss how your day has been. I explained the reasons why I think computers have a negative effect on people. Hope you agree with my reasons so that we can find a way to each have their own computer and get active.
Wouldn't you like to find a @ NUM1 star hotel or restaurant in one click ? I know I would like. So should we continue to use computers for the good of our society, or not use computers for more exercise ? Computers help us by doing work that needs to be done properly. It also helps in accessing and surfing the internet more useful things. A computer is very smart and not only can come in a boring, cumbersome, boxy form. Computers are also in some electronic devices. If you go on vacation and forget to turn off the lights, you can use your handheld to turn it off. Communication is quite easy on a computer. All you need is a computer (of course), a microphone or headphones, speakers, and special software. Once you have all of that, you can connect with the rest of the world! Talk to your loved ones or family members through your computer. If you want, you can also get a webcam. A video camera used on your computer. Then you can see the others face to face! If you don't have any of what I just said, there is also texting. Just use your computer keyboard to type and send a message. Your computer can also do a lot more. You can play insane video games ! Your computer must have the correct specifications to play it. Of course, it could be costly to
Dear Diary, @ CAPS1 do you have a computer? Of course you @ CAPS1, this is where you get all the information you need. Computers are good and everyone should have one. Computers allow you to learn new things, and you can research anything you want to know. It also allows you to communicate with your family, friends or other people you need to communicate with. It can also let you see disasters in other countries and educate you about the world. Computers are good and benefit a lot of people in this way. Computers can make you learn new things and research whatever you want to know. If you're in school and need to do some research @ CAPS1, well there you have a computer to help you. It's also good for jobs. Anyone can use them and learn new things at the same time. It lets you @ CAPS1 work, learn new things, and @ CAPS1 is quick and easy. You don't need to @ CAPS1 all that hard work finding a book and spending so much time researching the information you need. Computers are great and you should be using them. Another great thing about them is that you can communicate with them. If you have family or friends who live far away or in another country, you can communicate them by computer. You can easily use a webcam with them or send an email. It is very easy and this way you can stay close to them. It is also good if you @ CAPS1 online business. You can @ CAPS1 your job and talk to the people you need to talk to. If you ever need to set up an emergency meeting and you don't have time to call the people you need, just email them and your ensemble for the meeting the next day and so are they. . It is an ideal medium for communication and business. My final reason for computers is that they are great for learning about disasters in other countries. If you ever miss the news and really want to see it, then you can go to your computer and see the news and learn new things and see what bad things have happened. Also, if you live in a place that is not your hometown, you can go online and see what is happening in your hometown and visit for any special occasion. You can learn a lot of new things about other countries. You can also discover new places if you ever want to move to another country. You can see hotels or whatever you want if you want to go on vacation. It's a great way to transport and learn new things about other places. In conclusion of all my facts, computers are good. It lets you learn new things and search @ CAPS1. In addition, it allows you to communicate with your family, friends in an emergency. Computers are also great if you want to go on vacation or learn new things about other countries. If you have a computer, great. If you don't, you'd better buy one as these computers are awesome and can @ CAPS1 pretty much anything you need. Stop waiting and log in or go out and buy one.
Dear @ LOCATION1, @ CAPS1 has drawn my attention to the fact that more and more people are using computers for excessive periods of time, a recent study confirmed this report that "@ PERCENT1 of the @ LOCATION2 population is using a computer for too long. more than @ NUM1 hours per day ". This means people have less time to exercise, enjoy nature, and socialize. I consider the benefits of computers to be far outweighed by the problems that come with them, as computers limit a person's health - both physical and social - and do society more harm than good. Spending too much time on computers can deteriorate a person's health by preventing them from spending that time exercising, for example @ LOCATION3, which goes on the computer at least five times a week, for about four hours. @ LOCATION3 has stopped playing soccer and because she prefers to spend time on facebook. Instead of getting six hours of exercise per week. she now gets an hour for @ LOCATION3 to gain weight and lose health. The problem is, there are millions of kids like @ LOCATION3 who just don't exercise enough instead of choosing. spending too much time on their computers. Another problem is that people spend less time enjoying nature. Now they choose to surf the web instead. This is for people who care less about our planet and our animals. Nature is very important and can be extremely fun, so that's a shame. Additionally, those who choose to spend a lot of time on computers tend to interact less with family members. Most children no longer help with cooking, cleaning, sleeping around, or spending time with siblings. Mother says "since my daughter got her new laptop, she hasn't gone to play with her little brother or her friends once" unfortunately so do most of today's teenagers , computers have little time, a lot of time that families spend together. In conclusion, computers harm society by keeping people locked in their bedrooms, instead of exercising, enjoying nature, or having fun with family and friends. In doing so, computers have become a muse for society. Therefore, @ CAPS1 is crucial so that people who spend more than an hour a day on computers use that time for exercise or socializing, even doing nothing at all would be better overall, computers are no longer beneficial to society.
Dear local newspaper, I brought to my attention that many of us disagree that weather computers have a negative or positive effect on people. I believe that computers do not benefit society. Many people in today's modern world spend far too much time on the computer when they could exercise, hang out with family and friends, and enjoy nature. Read on and I'm sure you'll agree. First of all, computers become a problem in society because they interfere with our physical well-being. The @ LOCATION1 continues to grow. Not in our population but the size of our people! According to a recent survey, @ NUM1 people on @ NUM2 in @ LOCATION1 are overweight or obese. "The main culprit for @ ORGANIZATION2's obesity percentage isn't overeating, it's actually electronics! Especially things like computers." @ PERSON1 a surgeon told @ ORGANIZATION1, after dealing with a severe case of obesity. Obesity is not a difficult thing to eliminate. All we have to do is instead of sitting around for hours staring at a screen. America must come out! It can be as easy as riding a bike or walking your dog. Whatever you do, just get out of your computer and get outside or go to the gym for a workout ! Second, computers interfere with family and friends. I know from personal experience that parents hate that their children miss family dinner or go out with their friends because they "need" to complete the next level of their game or "need" to research. something on the Internet. Family and friends should be a very important thing in your life, but unfortunately for most people they are not. Psychologist, @ PERSON2 has found that overall having family and friends that you can count on next to you will make you a much happier and more enjoyable person. "@ CAPS1 by eliminating computers from our lives , we will create a happy and more enjoyable society for the people of @ LOCATION1. Do everyone a favor. Moreover, if we reduce our hours on the computer, we will have a better chance of experiencing the wonder nature has to offer us. Most people don't realize how much they miss @ CAPS1 doesn't go out there. There are some amazing things, just in your own backyard, that you probably never will experience because you are too addicted to gaming on the computer. @ NUM3 Years old people could function well without a computer so we should be able to do that too. @ PERCENT1 people have never even been camping ! So next time you will want to pass er still @ NUM4 hours on the computer take a walk and I'm sure you'll be amazed at what you find outside. In conclusion , computers do not benefit society. They simply prevent people from going out, enjoying nature, and spending time with family and friends. I hope I've convinced you to see my side of the argument and thank you for your time.
Dear local newspaper, I think computers have a negative effect on people. One of the reasons I think it's because people need to exercise. They shouldn't be sitting at a desk all day playing computer games. Especially children should be outdoors for play and exercise. More and more people will become obese if all they do is sit at a computer all day and eat junk food. If more people run more people will start eating the right food and a lot of people will be much healthier and live healthier and happier lives. My second reason I think computers are negative is that some kids @ MOIS1 are being cyberbullied. It's when someone is bullied online. The kids do this so they don't have to say it in person and they can say whatever they want and the other person @ MOIS1 doesn't even know who it is. Another thing is kids @ MOIS1 meet someone they don't know and think he is nice but you don't know who he really is. He might cheat on you doing things you wouldn't normally do because you think he is your age or likes you. A lot of girls were taken because of it. My last reason is that people might miss out on fun things to do with family and friends, like going for a swim in the @ DATE1 or sledding in the winter. If your home is on the computer, you can't do fun activities outside and exercise while doing it. These are my reasons why I think computers have a negative effect on people.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, I think computers offer a lot more advantages than disadvantages. Computers provide another way to learn about the world. The @ MONTH1 computers also act as a research tool. If a child, or someone @ CAPS3 on the computer and a family member thinks that @ CAPS3 is unreasonably long, it looks like @ CAPS3 just a problem between the person and their family. Lots of @ MONTH1 people argue and say, " look in the encyclopedia to learn more about the world ", but a faster, easier, and more uptime @ CAPS3 computer. In fact, most of the new generation of families probably don't have an encyclopedia. For example, if I wanted to learn more about @ LOCATION1, @ CAPS4 from looking up in a dictionary or encyclopedia, I could go to the computer, type @ LOCATION1 and a whole bunch of likes and opportunities are found. Some people @ MONTH1 like the old ways, but personally. I love the freedom and ease of a computer. Have you ever had to do research for a project or report ? Many people, whether in school or in the workplace, are likely to need to research something to better understand. Yes, a useful @ CAPS3 dictionary. Yes, an @ CAPS3 thesaurus is useful, but there are separate things. Compared to a computer, these classic search tools are still useful, but can be complicated. My point @ CAPS3 a computer has a thesaurus dictionary, encyclopedea ... ect all in @ NUM1 ! So the next time you need to search for something, try reaching for the @ CAPS4 keyboard from the library ! To me, someone's problem with being too much on the computer looks more like a family problem than a social problem. Technology has changed our world! Since computers were invented, not only have they been reduced, but they have become more and more useful. The computer has opened more doors for our society, without computers, space travel for example would not be the normality it seems to be in this generation. Whatever I'm trying to say @ CAPS3, I don't think computers are bad for our society but pretty much the building blocks of our world. While reading this article, I hope you have noticed the benefits of having computers in this world. A computer @ CAPS3, a learning aid, the king of all research tools and a large part of our society today. If there is one thing you could learn from this article, I would like you to think : World without computers ? "
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, I am writing to urge you to make computers affecting people useful. The reason I say computers are useful is because they help steer the economy and because you can send messages quickly (instant messaging). Read on so I can let you know how and why these things on the computer are helpful. @ CAPS7 I know I said computers help give direction, but let me explain it like this. You know when you need to go out somewhere far away and you don't know what to do there and you don't have @ CAPS3 in your car. Well, think about it on the computer is your only option left. Like for example when I was going down south @ DATE1, we didn't have @ CAPS4.PS and we didn't know how to get them. Our only option was therefore the computer. We connected to google and found our direction @ NUM1. So this is the first reason why @ CAPS7 read the following one. Alright, alright, alright. @ CAPS7, we all know how ridiculous our economy is. Away from the computers that help our economy, instead of people driving to pay their bills, they could pay online. Because it saves money and the state won't have to pay for frequently asked questions to get gasoline for cars or get it rebuilt. Like for example this gas station near my house is being rebuilt because something went wrong with the @ CAPS7 pipes, it costs us all around @ MONEY1. @ CAPS7 says it's not far we could save the economy. It is time to move on to the next reason. Listen here, here, here is my @ DATE1 reason computers are useful. I'm another known as instant messenger. This is useful if you don't have a landline or cell phone and want to tell a family member or friend that something really bad has happened, you can tell it by instant messaging (@ CAPS5) because they would surely get it. As once my friend doesn't have a landline or cell phone and someone was trying to break into her house, she instant message to let me know as it could be sent over my cellphone. And I called her mom to let her know and before I knew it another massage was coming to save "@ CAPS6 you". @ CAPS7 after reading how computers are useful by helping to give directions, save the economy and instant messaging, could you agree with me that computers are useful. It's still your opinion, but you read minds so think about what you read and say it's not true.
Dear @ CAPS1, in my opinion, computers do not have a positive effect on people. Online you can go to any website and talk to people. Most of the time @ MONTH1 you don't even know who you are talking to. Also, not all of the information you find @ MONTH1 is true. Computers also take time to do something productive, like playing outdoors. In the next pragraphs, I will show you my point. First of all, online websites have many ways to contact people (chat rooms, blogs, email etc.) @ CAPS2, do you really know if the people you are talking to are the ones you are talking to? 'they claim to be ? Back then, it was rare for someone to get caught trying to kidnap a child pretending to be someone online; @ CAPS3 every day more and more people get caught. You @ MONTH1 don't think this will happen to your child, but my friend was bullied online by someone he didn't catch. We never thought something like this would happen, @ CAPS2 has happened. Plus, once online, it never goes away. So watch what you post, there is always a way to find what you posted even after you delete it. Moreover, not all information found online is true. Professionals say @ PERCENT1 of the kids researched a project online, then used a print source and found this information to be false. On sites like Wikipedia, anyone can change what is written on the page. Most @ PERCENT2 websites allow anyone to do this. In addition, the posts and photos on the Internet @ MONTH1 are not always appropriate. There are certain criteria that we prevent children from seeing for a reason. Finally, computers keep you from doing anything productive. It @ MONTH1 teaches hand-eye coordination, but it doesn't keep you fit and healthy. Already @ PERCENT3 from @ CAPS4 alone are overweight and that's a lot of people. Dr @ DR1 says online games are keeping kids from getting access to the fresh air and the size they badly need, which every growing child needs. In conclusion, the Internet prevents children from going outside to play. Moreover, not everything that is found is true or fair. Finally, not everyone you find is who they introduce themselves to. This is why I think comperters are not positive in society.
Did you know that in a recent poll in @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, @ PERCENT1 from @ CAPS3 are using computers every day ? Computers have a very positive effect on people, for example by immediately informing them of news, traffic and weather, interacting with others and learning new facts. Can you even imagine how difficult life would be without computers? They are a daily tool that millions of people positively use. One way that people are using computers in a positive way is by using them to stay informed about news, traffic, and weather. For example, let's say there are signs that a hurricane is going to hit near their home. they would know immediately by clicking on the Internet. Another example is if there was a shooting nearby. People would be well aware of the facts when reading an article online. Computers help by informing people of danger so that they and their families are not harmed not only computers help inform people of danger through news and weather but @ CAPS4 their daily way of life . My dad goes to work every morning and always looks online for traffic updates so that he can avoid them and get to work on time and safely, without a computer people wouldn't be able to know directly the harms and hardships they face @ MONTH1. Another positive effect of computers on people is letting them interact with others like video chat and instant messaging @ PERCENT2 video chats and instant messages from around the world. It helps to make people more social while chatting with their friends. Another example is, let's say you haven't seen a close family member or friend for a long time. Video chat and instant messaging will help you catch up and build a stronger relationship. No one wants to waste time in life by not talking to a close friend or family member for a long time, right ? Computers help people by interacting with others throughout their daily lives. A third positive effect of computers on people is to teach them new things. The main source of education for students is the computer on the Internet. @ PERSON1 from @ ORGANIZATION1 said, "Computers are what help my students grow. I ask them to use computers every day for reporting and to extend their learning." They are useful @ CAPS4 for students because the Internet now contains textbooks that they use in the classroom. This way they won't have to lug around heavy books and try to forget them, @ CAPS4, if the student does not understand the material learned in class, they can search online for help and advice. additional, thus advancing their knowledge. any further. Without computers, lives would not be the same in a negative way. Computers help people learn about news, weather and traffic first-hand, interact with people and learn new things. therefore, computers are very positive, since @ PERCENT1 from @ CAPS3 are now using them positively, why stop ?
Dear @ LOCATION1 harold, more and more people are using computers, but not everyone agrees that this company benefits. Those who support advancements in technology believe that computers have a positive effect on people. But computers can be a bad thing. They can deprive children of excersizing, enjoying nature and spending time with family and friends. First, computers can keep children from exersizing. “@ CAPS1 I will never be able to go out after school, because I check my email. » @ CAPS2 high school student. A recent Studdy @ Percentage1 of students in a high school @ CAPS3 shows when they get home they go straight to the computer. This shows that almost half of the students in the middle school are on the computer. This is how computers can be a bad thing. On the other hand, some children spend more time in the grill indoors than outdoors. “I spend most of my time breathing in air conditioning (or heat) as cool air. » @ CAPS2 school student environment. Imagine a kid staring at a computer screen or playing a game on facebook mean Wile it's a beautiful day in the middle of @ DATE1. @ NUM1 on @ NUM2 @ CAPS3 students that they spend more time inside than outside. Computers can be a bad thing in a Childs. Finally, computers can interfere with a child's time spent with family or friends. “I @ CAPS1 spend an entire evening at a family party on these computers. » @ CAPS3 elementary school students. @ NUM3 from @ num4 houses a computer and it is used Beang @ NUM5 by children. This shows that little @ PERSON1 from home @ taken PERSON2 'is ever next door playing with friends. Computers can do more harm than good in a household outlet. It can prevent children from exercising by taking advantage of out doors and spending time with the family. I ask you to tell your children or grandchildren of nephus to reduce computer time.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, we all know that more and more people are using computers. Some believe this would be a concern as it affects people's health. I believe that with the advancement of technology it would give us positive effects on people. Here are three reasons why, the first would be technological advances. It would teach us to be smarter. Second, it would give us the ability to have access to interesting things that we cannot get from the library like biographies and finally access to communicate online. My first reason @ CAPS2 that I mentioned before was that it would give us information. If we have questions about something we don't know, we can search the computer and find our answer. We would learn this and be able to teach others. The computer can give us a lot of useful information that can be useful to us in the future. My second reason is this technological advance. would help us because it would give us access to a useful website that teaches us. Not all information is in the library, the computer has access to the educational biographical website and most importantly, access to educational advancements eg online tutoring for struggling students in school . My third and final reason why I am moving forward in technology. would and could be beneficial to us is that it gives us access to online communication. Some people will get emails for a good reason eg teachers have emails for educational reasons. can do. That's all I have to say for the moment. I hope you think about it
Computers have a positive effect on people's lives. They are great helpers. They teach you the skills you need in life. Technological capabilities help us in our tasks every day. Finally, they help people stay in touch and meet famous people. I think computers have a very positive effect on our lives. Computers teach us a lot of things. First of all, learning to use the computer is a skill that you need in life. In most jobs, you need to know how to use a computer. Computers are an essential part of most work environments today. Hand-eye coordination is another skill that the computer teaches you. Computers actually help you in sports in a way. To catch a ball, you need eye-hand coordination. The technology that the computer offers us helps us a lot in life. If you need directions, you can search for them on the computer. If you couldn't, you would have had to call the restaurant for directions. Without the help of computers, we would all have to write down all of our papers. For the students it would be a nightmare to have to report without a computer. You would have to read so many books to get the information. The world would be a whole different place without computers. Sometimes the people we love have to move away from us. It's hard to stay in touch on the phone when this happens. The computer keeps you in touch. With programs like Facebook, Twitter and @ ORGANIZATION1, this is possible. You can chat with them for photos of how this is going. You can even stay in touch with them from @ LOCATION1. Computers almost everything possible. In conclusion, computers are great machines. They teach us life lessons. They help us when we need something or need to report back. Computers even keep people in touch so their relationships don't fall apart. I don't know about you, but I think computers keep the world going.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 are just so many people addicted to computers. They think that the computer can help them but yes for the others, it helps them in their work and their education. Most children are addicted to computer games. @ CAPS1 are @ PERCENT1 of kids addicted to computers. For some reason, computers have had a lot of effect on people. It could affect the education of the children or it could be the cause of your electricity bills increasing. Worst of all having a home computer, it can be a reason millions of teens have been killed for still talking online with people they don't know. Computers are sometimes dangerous for humans. Do people still need a computer ? Having a computer at home is not especially good for children. This is because computers can affect their education. Parents don't want this to happen to their children. Lots of uneducated children staying at home or using drugs on the streets. Yes the computer can help them with their studies or the computer can help them with their studies or projects but other children in the computer because they just want to play games. That is why many of them did not learn anything in school but they do learn a lot in computer games. They should stop computer games. In addition, having computers in the home can lead to higher electricity bills than they had on DATE1 when they did not have computers. Others think that computers can't give you any trouble, but computers run on electricity and pay the utility bills. If you have @ MONEY1 for your electricity bill @ DATE1 year when you did not have a computer, it could go up to @ MONEY2 for your bill which now you have the computer. It's a big deal for you. However, computers are dangerous. Computers can be good or bad. Without a doubt, @ PERCENT2 teenagers have been killed for chatting online with strangers. Most websites like @ CAPS2 are now in danger. @ DATE1 @ DATE1 month husband and wife were killed because of @ CAPS2. The husband killed his wife because he was "single" in his relationship status on his @ CAPS2. She was shot by her husband. However, her husband committed suicide. They both get shot! Talking online and meeting strangers you don't know can be a reason for your loss. Parents should not have computers at home unless they are using them, but it should be in their bedroom where children cannot use it. Now is the time to come to an agreement! Do we need computers at home? Can we live without a computer? We don't need computers at home and yes, we can live without a computer. We can do all the activities with our family, exercise for our health, go for a picnic with friends or have fun on vacation with the whole family. Local newspaper I want you to tell people to turn off the computer and tell them to hang out with their family and have fun doing activities or go on vacation.
Dear Journal, I believe that computers have a negative impact on society. I say this because it allows kids to be bullied at all hours of the day, it takes away their exercise, and it gives them less time to study and do schoolwork. Overall, I think talking is the primary use of the computer. But, sometimes it's used the wrong way, @ CAPS1. Experts say that @ NUM1 out of every @ NUM2 kids have something to use for talking online, but they also say that @ NUM3 on @ NUM4 of those kids are bullied online. Also, every year you hear from someone, most of the time it's because of @ CAPS1. In fact, I heard on the news that half of their children are being bullied online. And because you can go on at any time of the day, kids can be intimidated at any time. Some kids say kids are happy when they go home because they can't be bought, but @ CAPS3 is being bullied in their safe place, their home. Another bad thing about the computer is that it replaces exercise. Text A and football scout @ CAPS2 said that "every year there are fewer people playing sports because of video games or computers." @ CAPS3, the rate of childhood obesity has increased in America and many agree that computers are the root cause of exercise. Also, people think you get better hand-eye coordination, but most leaders agree that you don't, because it's not your hand that moves, it's your mouse. Finally, no grade is lower than ever for students. Most teachers say that @ NUM3 in @ NUM6 students have good grades and they say all @ NUM7s who don't spend too much time on the computer. I was watching Discovery Chanel and it said that @ CAPS3 most kids spend @ NUM4 hours on the computer and less than @ NUM3 hours studying or doing homework. The computer designed to store information and learn. How did we go from that to a tool designed for @ CAPS1, making kids lazy and anti-learning !
Dear @ CAPS1 from the diary, I understand that you thought computers have no effect on people. Computers affect people. For some reason, the computer helps people find information about anything. In addition, it helps people to work. Plus, you can communicate with whoever you want. Don't make any decisions until you think about these effects on people. First of all, computers help people find information quickly. To find information, everyone uses google or ask and many more. The information that people find would likely help them find whether a store is or a number for a restaurant. Not only that, but you can find out how much of something is in a store and whether it is on sale or not. These are just a few of the great effects computers have on people. However, work is a very important effect that computers have on people. For example, computers would really help someone if they are looking for a job because there are so many stores that you can choose from. To go along with this, adults and children alike use the computer to type something into Word whether it is for a work report or an essay at school. Perhaps you have used the computer to type information for your journal. Yet one thing kids love to do on the computer is communicate with their friends. Most children use facebook, @ CAPS2 or oovoo to communicate. These programs help children stay in touch with their friends who have moved. Also, a good thing about these programs is that if you have family who live far away from you, you can still talk to them anytime. I understand why you think the computer has no effect on people. Computers have many effects on people. That's not all, computers help people find what they're looking for. It also helps you in your work. Nonetheless, computers are a great way to communicate with friends and family. Think long and hard about the decision you want to make.
I think computers have a good effect on people. When people are on the computer, they are not for very long. I also think that computers have a good effect on people because of the new technology. Computers are positive and can help you when you get stuck or need to search for something. For me, computers are good. When people go to the computer, they are not turned on for @ NUM1 hours at a stretch. Sure, they can be at NUM1 hours a day, but they do other things in between, like school, meals, and activities. Some people need computers for their @ CAPS1. News @ CAPS2 Businesses need computers to edit and print the newspaper. They also put the news on their website. What would most people do without a computer? Computers are positive because of new technology! New technology is helping people interact on the market. if you have a friend or family member from a distance, there are plenty of ways to talk to them. You can use @ CAPS3, skype, oovoo, @ CAPS4 or even email. When I go to the computer, I don't just sit and watch @ CAPS5 @ CAPS6 or @ CAPS7 online. I interact with my friends @ PERCENT1 of us between ages @ NUM3 have a @ CAPS3. @ PERCENT2 has skype or oovoo and is talking to people who are too far away to visit. Computers are positive because they can help you with school you don't know, just go to the internet and find if you need to translate @ CAPS8 to @ CAPS9, just go to the computer and translate it. @ PERCENT3 people have learned their own dictionary using the internet. If there is a word you want to know that I am not in the dictionary, search for it and it will be online. Computers have a positive effect on people. No one spends so much time on the computer that they can't go out or hang out with their friends. People really need the computer for their @ CAPS1. The new technology that is coming out allows people to interact with people all over the world. They are positive to have for schoolwork, definitions and even translation. Computers aren't negative and they don't take away from what you should do for a living.
Dear journal @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 when you were a child ? There were no computers or other electronic devices except the telephone. The computer is very advanced and helps people in different ways, such as: hand-eye coordination, learning and the ability to speak online. These things benefit society and prove the advancement of technology. The computer teaches hand-eye coordination when people don't even realize @ CAPS5, typing, whether it's an email or an essay, your hands are working and helping you. The hand-eye coordination that people learn on a computer can be used in sports. @ PERSON3, a @ NUM1 year old tennis player, said: "I used to use the computer every day and play tennis later, and eventually the computer helped me use My favourite sport." Hand-eye coordination is very useful, for a lot of things our interviewees @ NUM2 and @ NUM3 of these people say that hand-eye coordination is very important and that everyday activities, like computers, help them to keep going. to improve. Typing is very commonly used when sending emails because it is fast, fun, and allows you to communicate. When talking on a computer there are many new ways that are popular and fast such as welcome emails, Facebook and many more. @ CAPS5 is nice to be able to talk to friends and family online because the other options are more expensive. For example, many live at @ LOCATION1 and her sister, @ PERSON4, who she is very close to, lives at @ LOCATION3. They can't talk to each other much because none of their calling plans allows them to call without charging hundreds of dollars more. They also cannot take the plane for use because plane tickets are expensive nowadays. Also, the economy is not doing very well, so they couldn't keep in touch until the webcams came out. Now they see each other almost every week. Many said, “I was considering flying to @ LOCATION3, but now webcams and email are helpful and saving us both a lot of money. People @ MONTH1 argue that you can just send each other letters, but you can't send your babies the first steps you just videotaped, or youtube video which is really cute. Also, you can meet new people online that you haven't normally seen @ MONTH1 and when you can keep in touch you can stay much closer to each other. While computers are great for fun, working and learning is much easier online. Online, everything that can be learned is amazing, whether it's the meaning of @ CAPS5 or the earthquake of @ LOCATION4. Being able to keep track of everything on one computer is amazing. @ PERSON2, a @ NUM4 @ CAPS3 teacher at @ LOCATION2, says: "@ CAPS4 we are trying to do more electronic stuff to protect the planet so don't waste paper and plant trees." @ CAPS5 is true, about @ PERCENT1 of @ NUM5 students' homework is online, so @ CAPS5 needs to research the photosynthesis equation to find out in what year @ CAPS6 died being online helps the environment @ CAPS5 is important for being able to have computers in schools because @ CAPS5 makes children more likely to learn more things faster, as @ NUM6 students have an online math class, besides math. @ CAPS5 gives people more information from more people. Online you can read a scientist's experience or a paparatzi's take on @ PERSON1's new boyfriend. The computer has changed society a lot, for the better. Now, at @ DATE1, computers are part of people's daily lives from which they benefit. With better hand-eye coordination, being able to talk to friends and learn computer science benefits society.
Dear local newspaper, In my opinion they take the time to exercise. In addition, no one has time to enjoy nature. Of course, when it comes to family and friends, time is frozen by the computer. If more people get @ CAPS1 and @ CAPS2, I'm sure that would be all resolved. I'm sure the computer affects everyone negatively. Obesity is a huge problem at @ LOCATION1. One in five children is obese. I think computers are contributing to the problem. I remember times when I wanted to go out and exercise but the computer trained me with all the fun games and videos on the internet of course computers work fine in moderation but a lot of people abuse it their privileges. Obesity leads to many problems such as stubborn arteries or strokes. No parent wants to see their youngster pass by. But what if to fix it? take away for a lot. Everyone, these people of the race of the day, are trying so hard. I'm sure I would have had it through time if people probably had. Good time. Family to take time away from us. In conclusion, I think the computer is addictive. Millions of people who gain weight on the computer. Also, it takes time to enjoy nature but the computer is blocking the way. Another thing the computer is putting on family and friends on hold. Memories are stolen by the horrible device that this computer has. Otherwise, how bad the computer is.
@ CAPS1 ready dinners, mom, a second 'click, click, click. Do you hear this from your children than usual? Well, if you are, you have to listen to this coming post. We @ ORGANIZATION1 believe that kids and adults alike spend too much time on their laptops or computers. They are not exercising, enjoying nature and interacting with their family, these issues could lead to begging issues that @ MONTH1 have already addressed like : @ CAPS2, a problem financial then depression. So read on and think about what you hear that could or has happened to you. @ CAPS2 is a huge thing to worry about for kids everywhere @ LOCATION1 are on their computers than outside. Every day I see my nephew on his computers, I see him getting bigger and bigger every day. Studies have shown that children and adults who have a facebook or myspace account gaim approximately @ NUM1 books every @ NUM2 months. If they are even on @ NUM3 at @ NUM2 hours a day, they will earn @ NUM5 pounds each month. Sooner or later the state will have the @ CAPS2 level from @ PERCENT1 to @ PERCENT2 @ ORGANIZATION1 obese people. This could result in the loss of laziness of @ ORGANIZATION1 jobs. When people spend most of their @ ORGANIZATION1 time on facebook and myspace, they could lose their jobs. More than @ PERCENT3 @ ORGANIZATION1 citizens of the state own a facebook or myspace. So when people are addicted to it, they spend more time on it than the work they have to do for their job. Thus, they will become firm and will not be able to pay the bills, loans and mortgages. All of this will then lead to depression. Depression is everywhere in the state, even in the country. People are losing their jobs left and right because of their computers and the Internet. People are even starting to fall apart like murdered ones and even suicide attempts @ ORGANIZATION1 cause @ ORGANIZATION1 to lose jobs @ ORGANIZATION1 or family members. Some people are even so addicted to the internet and straps @ ORGANIZATION1 newborn family member. This depression must end. So fight for the right to quit internet addiction by @ ORGANIZATION1 and live a good life. Drop the computer as a book, find your friends and family, keep your jobs. Do not let these resonances come between you and your life. "
The folks at @ CAPS2 think that the invention of the computer and the Internet is a terrifying thing, but really @ CAPS6 is a terrible time consumer. The local newspaper does a survey of people's opinions on the technology. People spend far too much time on computers when they can be outdoors, enjoying nature, exercising, or interacting with people in person. Advances in technology are wasting your time. When the weather permits, people should be outside enjoying @ CAPS6 instead of wasting time in the sun @ CAPS1 can be very harmful to your skin as the sun can help you and increase your energy. carbon in buildings makes people sleepy. @ PERCENT1 of people interviewed by @ ORGANIZATION1 said they feel more when they go out. @ CAPS2 people People are when they could exercise, obesity is a people sitting in front of the computer all day, @ CAPS6 contributes to @ CAPS2 children stopped participating in most computers. @ PERCENT2 of people by the computer @ CAPS3 that people spend and friends. they see in person, people will forget their manners because they are not used online. People who support the use of the computer might say. That these are ways of talking @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4, ect. But the @ CAPS5 online chat is not always safe, @ CAPS1 on your contact list @ CAPS6 @ MONTH1 friends unless you can see their face, you can. Computers have become a distraction for society. Computers have made people forget how to use good manners and communicate in the real world. Now is the time to get up and find something else to do! Responsible city people are.
My people should only go to the computer if they really need to do something like type up a report, check your email, etc. What's the point of going on computers if all you're going to do is play games that are getting boring to me. I go on the computer to see my friends and check my e-mail and things, and then I go out to play. You should only be on the computer for NUM1 minutes a day, then go for a workout. If you stay on the computer all day, you will feel, get fat, get lazy, and no one will do these things. These are the things you should have. You can play basketball, ride a bike, with friends, go swimming, I do that kind of stuff every day and I'm in good shape because of it. I stay healthy and fit I don't sit in front of the computer all day on a sunny day. You become more if you go there more, it gives you a chance to spend time with neighborhood kids. When I come home everyday I do my homework then go out and play then later go to the computer for @ NUM1 minutes then @ CAPS1 done and go to bed and the same the next day . So everyone agrees with me because you knew I was right.
Dear @ CAPS1, Some people say computers are fun, smart, and don't hurt. Is it true though? Do computers hurt? Well, on the one hand, I know computers can take over! lots of time for people. For example, a lot of people don't go out as much. This is because most of the people are usually on their computers. What are they doing on the computer you request ; Well, let's find out. There are a lot of things a person can do on a computer. It can be fun to chat, educate, or work hard. A lot of people use a computer for fun. For example, many people use the computer to chat with their friends. There are many sites for chatting with friends. This can usually take a long time. A lot of people can talk for hours on the computer and that's what takes their time instead of going out. Another example is the games people play. For me, computer games are one of the biggest issues. This is because a lot of games can be too much fun, that it is possible to find a game and play it all the time. Not only can it take their time away from home, it can ruin their lives. Gambling can be so addicting that kids and adults alike might not be doing their jobs. This can lead to academic failure or dismissal at work. On the other hand, a lot of people use a computer for work and school. Besides internet chatting and computer games, many people use computers at school and at work. People type in their work or they send work to their email to take home. This is a good thing for computers, but also a bad thing. This is a good thing because now people can get their jobs done faster. This is a bad thing because it is another reason to stay indoors. For work, people depend on computers. They save work and use computers to build things. For example, people use a computer to program a robot. Although they use computers for a good reason, people should take the time to get outside. A lot of people need to take breaks from the computer: because computers can hurt. This is because if they spend all of their time on the computer, they can get sick. Getting outside, exercising and getting fresh air is very important. So folks over there, get out of your computer. Stop chatting, pause your game, take a break from work, and go out. Enjoy nature. Most of your day shouldn't be on the computer. Thank you for your time.
Do you think computers affect you in a positive way? well I don't. I think computers have a negative effect on people. I feel this because you will not get enough exercise in your life, you will have a high light bill, and it will start to creep into your day to day life. Now that I have shown my reasons, all of them define them in detailed sentences. To start my essay, I think people want to get enough exercise. I feel that because if you are on the computer all day and you don't go out to talk, next to your bike then you are burning off any calarise. You will become a couch potato which can ultimately prove fatal to your health. As you get older, you can eventually become with a list of items that may not be right for you, such as bites, high cholesterol, and heart problems. Also, I think if you are constantly sitting in front of a computer @ NUM1, you can potentially injure your back which can add to the list of health issues associated with lack of exercise. Then I think if you are constantly on the computer then your parents will have an extremely high light bill. Your parents will be with you, possibly in the company of light. If you are still on the computer nonstop, before you know it the bill will be so high that you can pay it, you will have a high bill and maybe no light in your house. My personal opinion is that I don't think computers are worth a family without light. Finally, I have the impression that computers will make everyday life. I think if you are always on the computers and never outdoors then your friends will love that you want to be disturbed. They will feel like you are ignoring them and you will start to lose friends who have been there for you and helped you when you needed them most. Computers can also affect your daily life by ruining your social life. You will always be inside, while you miss opportunities to meet new people and develop your social skills. To conclude this essay, live brought you my ideas and opinions on computers. I have explained to you my reasons why you want to get enough exercise, you will have a very light bill and it will interfere with your everyday life. I have provided you with facts and details about the impact on computers, now you decide if computers have a positive or negative effect on people.
How would you like to be on the computer @ NUM1 and waste your life. Well, some people are wasting their lives already. @ CAPS1 you spend your time on the computer you can become obese, lose the ability to interact with friends and family and even lose the ability to explore @ ORGANIZATION1 !!! It's now or never to decide @ CAPS1 that you want to waste your life on a computer. @ CAPS1 you use your computer too much, you risk becoming obese. You can become obese for reasons @ NUM2. You don't exercise while you are seated. Since you are sitting around doing nothing else, you start to eat a lot of snacks. well @ NUM2 is that you can also lose the ability to walk because you are not doing anything with your legs and obesity makes it difficult to walk. Now is the time to decide. Moreover, @ CAPS1, you are wasting your time on the computer, you may lose the opportunity to interact with your family and friends. @ CAPS1 you have children, you may lose the ability to watch them grow into adults and even push them away. Also, you may lose your friend because they won't want to hang out with a computer, all you get will be your computer. Finally, you will be on your own because @ CAPS6 will be there when you use to try to finally interact with your family. It's now or never to choose what you want to do with your life. Finally, while you are on the computer checking your myspace or facebook, there's a lot going on around @ ORGANIZATION1. Instead of looking into your hard drive, you look over the @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 or the @ CAPS4 tower at @ LOCATION2 or finally you even go to @ ORGANIZATION1 at @ LOCATION1 ! With your family. Now is the time to decide. In conclusion, wasting your life on the computer is bad and can harm your life in many ways. I can make you obese and take the opportunity to get away from you. It might prevent you from spending time with family and friends and may even put them off. Finally you can waste your time at home and not explore @ ORGANIZATION1. Now is the time to decide @ CAPS1 whether you want to waste your time or not @ CAPS5 opinnion is @ CAPS6 !!!
Dear local newspaper, I'm sure you like to relax and surf the web. After all, the Internet is an incredible invention. However, the truth is that some people spend way too much time on the computer. We miss out on all the other important things in life simply because of the time we spend on our laptops. Excessive internet use can lead to a lack of exercise. It can make us antisocial, and lastly, not allow us to enjoy the beautiful nature around us. Do you know that a very high cause of obesity is? Electronic, kids sit on the computer all day when they should be exercising and staying fit. Of course, it is still possible to surf the web. We just have to keep the minimum time we could ensure this rule by having a time limit set at home. I love using the computer myself, but make sure to get off after about an hour. The very idea of "the Internet" is such a big topic. It leaves us with so much to explore, we just have to keep an eye on the clock. There are so many forms of chatting on the Internet; @ CAPS1, @ ORGANIZATION1, etc. Lots of people are always on one of these, instead of speaking in person. We can eventually become antisocial due to the time spent on the computer. Although yes, you can talk on the internet, it is necessary to talk to people face to face, it is as if we are getting exhausted in front of the computer. Websites such as @ CAPS2 and @ CAPS3 are also the cause. People get addicted and are addicted to it all the time, @ CAPS4 "@ CAPS5" websites actually take away time that could be spent with friends. So instead of chatting on the computer screen, schedule an in-person meeting. Don't let the computer take away the social skills you have learned. I love going out every season to see the beautiful nature around us if you spend too much time on the computer you won't have time to enjoy it. There is so much that you would miss. Take the time of your day that you would normally spend on the computer to go for a walk outside. Things on the outside are so much prettier than your computer screen, trust me. once you cut down on your IT time bit by bit, you will achieve all the other things that are most worth your time. So the next time you think about surfing the web or playing this new computer game, I hope you will think about my opinions that I have presented to you. Too much time spent on the computer prevents us from getting enough exercise and we can become antisocial. we will not be able to enjoy the nature that surrounds us. Computer time is fine in moderation, you just need to be aware of how much time you spend on it. Hope my argued reasons have given you another take on web surfing.
Dear Local Newspaper, I think computers are both a good and a bad thing. Computers make it possible to play games and learn almost anything. But computers can't simulate fresh air and exercise. Computers allow people to play a wide variety of games. People can play chess, solatire, and a lot of other games like this. Computers also allow us to play a very wide variety of online games. I can think of at least three different sites that have online games. Each site having at least @ NUM1 different games ! Hundreds of thousands of people play online games everyday! What would they do if we didn't have the computer to play these games? We can also search any topic from a computer anywhere. It is an amazing thing to be able to do. Imagine if no one had a computer, how would we research so much of our knowledge? Yes there are, but using a computer is so much faster. In addition, you can print something on a computer along with an important book that you need to copy. But you can stress the important. How much could? It doesn't matter how many computers are there @ MONTH1, but it's the kids who get bigger and bigger because they are so long. Computers are amazing and society benefits a lot. But like everything, computers have their drawbacks. So please educate adults and children about the quality of computers, but also warn them about bad things that could happen if you spend too much time on the computer and outdoors.
Have you ever been to the computer? Have you ever sat in front of the computer for a long time? I am writing to you because I care about the health of the city. People @ CAPS5 have computers and use them on a daily basis. It's @ MONTH1 fun, but it could be your health too. Computers can be addicting and keep us playing for hours. @ CAPS5 people @ CAPS4 no longer exercise at all. Most are too busy on their computers. You should have at least @ NUM1 minutes of exercise every @ CAPS4. “Children @ CAPS1 should get an average @ NUM2 minutes of exercise per day. Many children now play video games on computers during this time instead of exercising,” says @ CAPS2. serene. The children of @ CAPS5 are not coming out enough either. Did you know that you should have at least @ NUM3 min in the sun every day ? You get most of your vitamins. the sun. When was the last time you rode a bike, went camping, or went to the beach ? These are all great fun things for @ CAPS4 that you might miss out on when learning about computers. I know I absolutely love going to the beach. Hear the waves and laugh at the ocean waters @ CAPS3 and smell her fresh because it's just heaven. If I was on computers, all I could appreciate. What do you like most @ CAPS4, do you like having fun or going out with your family ? The @ CAPS5 computer is not the same as being with the person. Can you imagine never seeing or hearing the person you are talking to ? It's now with @ CAPS6. @ PERCENT1 of communication on the billions of people who have @ CAPS7, wouldn't you rather talk to the person on the phone or talk face to face ? I think people should spend time exercising, going out, and spending time with friends and family. Remember @ NUM1 minutes of exercise, @ NUM3 minutes in the sun every day to stay very healthy. Please consider this and write an article to improve the social and overall health of the city. It's yours!
Readers, imagine a world without a computer. Communication would be, schoolwork would be much more difficult and we would lose @ CAPS1 a source that generates tons of fun. Do you really want a world like this? The advantages of the computer certainly outweigh those. For example, computers greatly improve communication in the world, like email, instant messaging and video conferencing, computers also make learning easier for school and allow you to work. Finally, the computer makes the world a lot more fun with YouTube, news, and online movies / TV shows. The effect of computers is definitely positive on society. With one click, a message can be rented anywhere in the world. It's awesome ? Thanks to computers, people don't just email each other, we can even chat live. Online communication through texts or videos is of great help in my life and in the lives of my peers. For example, whenever I forget homework or have homework, I can reach out to my peers and get help with something. Not only can I ask others for help on my computer, but I can keep in touch with my friends and family. So those who think that computers make us spend less time with family and friends are wrong. The computer connects the world together and dramatically advances communication in a positive way. Aside from communication, the computer also improves considerably and learns in many ways. For example, they make it so that projects and assignments can be completed faster and easier using like Microsoft Word. Students @ NUM1 who use computers from school work have been shown to make learning easier as well. The online encyclopedia loves and helps students around the world with homework or just learning for fun at home. everything that computers improve education is done through online tutors and help sites. We made this so that you are basically always minutes away from a teacher. I can't imagine completing an assignment without a computer on my. Computers are not only great for school and communication, but they are also a great way to spend time having fun. Online movies and TV shows are a source of enjoyment on the computer. Thanks to them, you can always stay up to date with the latest episodes of your favorite show. online games also bring joy to people all over the world. you can spend hours playing live with others in the detailed world of @ NUM2- @ CAPS1 ! Computers also allow you to remind children and laugh about historical youtube videos. Finally, the computer allows you to browse all the latest news. You will always know what is going on in the world thanks to your computers. So whether you like to relax and watch videos, play games or read the news, you will always find a way to have fun online! What not to like? With such a positive effect on the world, the computer is a truly amazing technology, you can communicate with your friends or family online in an instant to work on your school homework, learn something new or just have a good time. ! We how you, computers make life better and much easier.
Dear local newspaper, I have heard that some people disagree that IT benefits our society. Well, in this letter I'm going to give you three reasons why computers benefit our society. These reasons are @ NUM1) People have friends and family in other states @ NUM2) some people use them to stay organized And @ NUM3) Computers help you learn more. I hope that by the end of this letter you will see that computers benefit our society. First of all, I think computers benefit our society because @ CAPS7 allows people @ CAPS3 to contract with family and friends in other states. It's true that you can use the phone and call them, you have to pay for the long distance. You don't have to pay anything to email someone. I know this from experience as I have friends and family in many states in the @ LOCATION1 "@ CAPS1 computers help me stay in touch with my family everywhere" @ PERSON3 (@ ORGANIZATION1) @ CAPS2 a lot of people use the computer in contact with your loved ones on a daily basis. Some people are even on them to keep in touch with their family or at war. Second, I believe computers benefit society because @ CAPS7 keeps people organized. I know it doesn't sound like a big deal but a lot of people or computers for @ CAPS3 things organized @ CAPS2 they know how everything would be if there weren't computers for @ CAPS3 every appointment? Well I'll tell you what would happen to @ CAPS3 if the date ended, @ CAPS3 would give you stuff you already have. "I @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 on my computers - @ PERSON1 And @ CAPS5, I strongly believe that computers benefit our society because they help people learn more. Yes @ CAPS7 is right that not everyone uses computers to learn, but they are not This means they are not learning. Here are some examples : @ NUM1) @ CAPS6 - @ CAPS7 allows you to learn song lyrics, dance moves and more (@ NUM2) @ CAPS8 - @ CAPS7 lets you learn what others like, don't like and @ CAPS2 enabled. Then there's Facebook, @ CAPS7 lets you see what people are doing this day. "People learn everything on the computer" @ CAPS9 @ PERSON2. Now hope you see computers don't benefit our society that's your opinion. Hope you see this that I see now.
Dear local newspaper, In my opinion, computers have a good effect on people because people can communicate with each other, learn on the computer and especially people can shop online. Overall, I think computers have a positive effect on people. Wow! Finally, I was able to chat with my cousin from California. Communication on the computer is great because you save money as you don't have to pay phone bill. In addition, most companies use email to chat with colleagues. Dr. @ DR1 a scientist says that communicating co-workers are actually safer because they have nowhere and can stay at home. Today there are so many social networking sites that people can improve their mental health and give them self esteem by talking to people on a daily basis. Finally, all of this communication is great because you don't have to travel to communicate with someone whose world is more eco-friendly. Wow! There are more than I information sites on the computer. On the computer, you can also use programs to create graphs and tables to display the data. Ms. Can says that if you display information on the computer, such as using graphics, you will increase your knowledge of @ PERCENT2. Another good thing is to learn that you don't have to read books which saves paper and most databases with information are free, you save money and it only takes a few seconds to find the information you want. On average, it takes @ NUM1 seconds to find information. Finally, the computer is a great place to learn and learn. Shopping on the computer must be impossible with today's computers, shopping on the computer is great because you save time without having to go to, consumer reports indicate that you can save @ PERCENT1 op the cost of the product you buy online because more than @ NUM2 stores have online sales with today's technology, you can compare the prices of an item with the click of a button, you so don't have to spend more on both. Online product renewals have become very popular because you can hear other people's opinions of the product. Ultimately, shopping online is great because you can save money over a lot of cool things. In conclusion, the computer has helped people a lot because you can shop online, communicate and learn, overall, the computer has really changed the lives of most citizens.
Dear @ CAPS1, computers are a great invention ! They allow you to do so many different things. They have a lot of positive effects on people. Computers deal with everything from hand-eye coordination, learning about faraway places and people, to chatting online with anyone. Enter the wonderful world of computers. Computers have a super positive effect on people. They help teach hand-eye coordination. You can watch the screen without having to look at your hand to move the mouse. You can see where it's going just by looking at the screen. Doing this helps with everyday skills like playing sports. If you can use your eyes and your hands, you can hit a baseball or even. Computers teach hand-eye coordination by being able to do two things. Would it be amazing if you could just find a recipe? Well, you can just A computer help people with different things. It is also a different culture, people and places. Let's say you and @ CAPS2. A computer allows you to learn something. Computers and almost every day. They give you the @ CAPS3 instance, @ CAPS4 is a great way to talk to people. You can chat with people who type. Other sites like @ CAPS5, @ CAPS6 or @ CAPS7 where you have your own page post your own opinions. You also have a friends page to see how you are doing. These sites give people a chance to meet up with old friends. The webcam becomes a huge sensation! Sites like or skype allow you to see and talk to the other person. They allow you to talk to the people you @ MONTH1 and feel that they are there with you. Computers benefit people all over the world. but it does not work. Computers help people physically by allowing them to learn new things, and the fact that computers don't take over only helps them.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS1 is a lot of technology including the biggest success, the computer. I'm saying that computers have a more positive effect on people. Some reasons include that computers teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about distant places, and even give you the ability to talk online with other people. Where would we be without computers? First and foremost is that computers teach hand-eye coordination. People who type more slowly tend to have poorer hand-eye coordination. Of course, with faster typewriters, they have better hand-eye coordination. @ PERCENT1 people including teachers agree with this. Is this why @ CAPS1 is typing " lessons " in elementary school computer classes ? The answer will most likely be yes. Second, computers give people the ability to learn about distant places. Computers give you more resources than a book. Using the computer to go to multiple websites is actually easier. By using these websites people can get higher education. One teacher said, “ Using websites is so much easier for everyone. Using them for homework and asking students to take notes is much less difficult ”. And there I completely agree. Finally, computers give people the ability to talk to other people online. Using things like @ ORGANIZATION2, @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3-mail and video chat. All this and more gives you the opportunity to chat with friends living far away. This way, friendships are never really lost. People never want to lose relationships. Losing one can be very sad. I know this from personal experience. In conclusion, this is why I think computers have a positive effect on people. From learning to chatting, computers are a great way to chat with friends and even do homework. Hand-eye coordination included. All of these effects are positive, don't you think? I think so and that's why I believe computers are more of a positive effect than a negative effect on people.
I think computers make everyday work easier. Computers allow someone in a remote location to talk to another person they cannot see in person, they allow you to work faster. And get a college education without leaving your home. Imagine you have a relative who lives miles away from you and it is too expensive to call or fly there. Computers allow us to communicate with them through email or video chat without the high price tag. With computers, talking to your distant family is just a few clicks away. Getting the job done can sometimes seem like another chore. Computers only make your job easier and faster. Would you rather sit and write an essay for hours on end or type it up and email it to you in half the time that students find computers get them efficiently rather than handwriting. Computers are a medium for workloads. Education is a common need, but what if the college you want to attend is too far from where you live and you can't afford to settle there? Fortunately, online college courses are available. If it weren't for this source of technology, what would you be left to do? Online courses allow a willing student to learn without breaking the bank or leaving their child if they are a parent. Without computers, not everyone could get the education to which they are entitled. Computers have allowed us to communicate with our family who live in a place where we cannot afford to travel. These technological devices have allowed us to do our job on time to receive the grade we deserve. Computers have enabled more than @ NUM1 citizens to get their education at home affordably. Without this gadget, we couldn't live the life we have on DATE1, a life that can get us where we need to be.
Dear @ PERSON1, The use of computers is not beneficial to our society. I am concerned that many children are suffering from childhood obesity, it is because of the inactivity of so many adolescents my age. They @ CAPS1 might enjoy the outdoors and stay active, but they choose to sit in front of a screen all day, every day. Researchers have proven that inactivity is largely due to many users of Facebook, Mysape, and Twitter. These websites are just problems, besides being unhealthy, teens everywhere are being cyberbullied, on the verge of suicide. Many are unaware of the many pedophiles and creepos these views carry, which can lead to kidnapping, rape or worse. By staying active and being outdoors with your friends, you may be able to avoid these dangers for yourself. Get out for a bit of a run, you'd be amazed at how much a little exercise can help you. Also I firmly believe that the time should be spent with your family, doing family activities and having dinner with your parents. Doing this brings you closer as a family and it could help you make healthier choices as you continue to exercise. I believe in following these simple steps to stay active, stay off the computer, and spend time with family. Is much more beneficial than learning to type or talking to your friends. Computer use leads to cyberbullying and dangerous people, living healthy is the way to go.
Dear Diary, @ CAPS1 are you comfortable with computers ? I know I think they are great for us, we are lucky to have them. However, they should be used in moderation, as exercising and staying healthy is good. I hope you will share my opinions in your next article to help readers pursue my view of computers. What I think is the best thing about computers is that they are a great source of learning. The Internet can connect anywhere in the world and you can experience other cultures. You can know everything about this country without ever visiting it! Or you can use it to find out about your family history. Many record keeping systems are now moving to computers. When we did a field visit to @ LOCATION1, they had databases there that contained all the names of the people who passed by. Studies show that @ NUM1 people find the Internet easy to use and faster than any other method. Another thing about computers is that they help you in the workplace. Let's say you had a house design job to build. It used to be that you had to draw it by hand using a lot of instruments and tools, but now you could draw it using just one tool, the computer. It's a very remote way of getting to work and helping clients, because before, if you wanted the house to be different, you would have help redesigning everything. Now you just have to make an adjustment on the computer and in seconds it's done with the new design. Nowadays, if not @ PERCENT2 then @ PERCENT1 home designers use computers. Computers also play a social role. On the Internet, you can connect and chat with friends. You can also share photos of the two of you at a baseball game @ DATE1 to keep memories. Or you can send them a website with a really funny video of someone having fun with a soccer ball. Experts carried out a study and it showed that @ NUM2 times the reason a teenager goes on the internet is to connect with friends. "@ CAPS2 @ PERSON1 (computer expert and developer) what do you think teenage computers use teenage computers for ?" @ CAPS3 I should say for chatting with friends. I don't see why they wouldn't, it's simple and almost. "Computers are a great advance in our technology. They help us in everyday life, life and simplify difficult tasks. However, they should not be overused and you need to maintain a healthy mind and body. All the things we could learn from them help us in the argument of this. For me, the computer is the same step forward as the light bulb. Computer source found @ PERCENT3 from @ LOCATION2, and. I think that they will be in all of our homes. Some families find them @ CAPS2 useful in having more than one in the house. They can come in all shapes and sizes to suit your wants and needs, and you can connect to anything in the world.
Dear Readers @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, Some of you might think that people exercise with computers. They don't act outdoors enough or interact with family or pets. You too @ MONTH1 think they are not getting enough exercise. Well you are right, but I will explain your mistake. You can do things like learn, socialize, and actually get healthy. The first thing you could do is learn. While you are on the Internet, you can access learning websites. Some of these websites can tell you about faraway places like @ LOCATION1, @ ORGANIZATION1, @ LOCATION2 and many more. You can also learn more about the people and their cultures. Take @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 for example, you could learn their culture and the @ CAPS5 they celebrate and why. Another thing you can do is take online classes if you are having trouble at school. Another thing you could do for the computer is socialize. You might think or say that when you are on the computer, you cannot socialize with your family and friends. Well, you can. There are websites like @ CAPS6 and Facebook where you just talk to your family and friends. Now you can webcam people. When using a webcam, you can see the person you are talking to, you can hear them, and they can hear you through a microphone on the webcam. Finally, you can access chat rooms like @ CAPS7 (aol instant message) and talk to people while you are on this view. The last thing you can do is get healthier. Isn't that surprising? yes, you can go to websites that teach you day-to-day how to eat well and exercise. Websites such as @ PERSON1 esang.com car provide you with a catering program tailored to your. After this website you can go out and get the one that you will need. Another thing offered by the computer is hand-eye coordination. As you view the screen, you control the "mouse" while the mouse controls where you go on the global web. Finally, you might want to go out after visiting websites that show you times and gardens of this world. So now I hope you agree with me that there are some things in life that computers do benefit. I have shown you what you can learn, talk to people and socialize and finally help yourself with your health.
Computers have definitely had an impact on the society that changed the world. People and life are now smarter, faster and easier. People on the other side of the world can communicate instantly, for free. But what effect does this have on people? Something so big and with such a long history may not be good for some people. I don't think that's the case for some people. For starters, some people are too obsessed with computers. If they have any problem in life, they @ MONTH1 are looking for the solitude and privacy of an unfiltered and unlimited internet. Even if you use a computer to chat with people, it still doesn't replace the real thing. In fact, studies show that non-personal means of communication, such as text messaging, email, or chat rooms, can severely restrict a casual way of connecting with other people. Don't get me wrong here. I use sites like Facebook to talk to people. So, I'm not going to say that talking online is bad. I think it's a great way to stay in touch with people you can't talk to in real life. And it's a great way to help your friends and be there for them. It is still done in moderation. Obtaining information from the computer is highly questionable. Some might say it's a good thing to educate people, which I agree. Others might say that knowing too much will make our egos so big that we will be ignorant. I also agree with that. I would also say knowing that some things are good, but be careful not to know too much. Once I find the computers great, it's originality. In a world where we are raised to kill creativity, I find computers to be art. In a sense. It has personally helped me discover what kind of music, drawings, creations, etc., I like. I can also share what I have done so that everyone can see it. Or listen to it. Or try it for themselves. In conclusion, I think computers are a great tool to be used in moderation. Some people who are obsessed, this can be problematic. I think they are a great addition to the company though.
Dear @ CAPS1, more and more people are using computers, but not everyone agrees that it benefits society. I support technological advantages and believe that computers have a positive effect on people. Computers give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people, they allow you to talk to people online, and you can play games that can help with your schoolwork. Do you believe that computers give people the opportunity to learn more about people and places far away ? You can use google.com and search for different cultures and find out how what they do is different from us and what kind of food they eat. For example, in @ LOCATION1, they are sitting on the floor @ CAPS2 they are eating. We can sit at a table in our dining rooms or our kitchens. @ PERCENT1 people would be on the ground. Certainly computers allow you @ CAPS2 my cousin on the computer and @ CAPS3 important to note that on computers you can play games that can help you with your schoolwork. You can go to sites you like on your @ CAPS4. Show you how your body works for @ CAPS5 and tell you about the Revolutionary War for @ CAPS6 @ CAPS7. These sites are not boring. It's a lot of fun ! Who thought learning would be fun? I did not do it. It is now! Just think that people are spending too much time on their computer and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends, because no matter what, people will always have time for it.
Dear IT people, @ CAPS1 this : A family of four is sitting in a small dark room, not talking, not laughing, just sitting lazily in their chairs, bending over and bored. They don't communicate with any of their friends and don't do anything at all. They're setting there like lumps. It would happen @ CAPS5, we have banned computers ! Computers have a positive effect on people because they provide you with a constant flow of knowledge, they develop good hand-eye coordination, and they allow the people who use them to communicate with others. Obviously, they are a positive addition to our world. For starters, computers provide you with a constant flow of knowledge. My close friend @ PERSON1 recently told me that she sometimes sits at home and does her homework, and needs to look for something. She simply grabs her computer and the information is sent to her with one click. @ CAPS5, she had no computer and never got such knowledge. Second, in a survey of @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 @ ORGANIZATION1, @ PERCENT1 of total computer use researches information and acquires knowledge. This statistic shows that computers readily help them when they are looking for information. In addition, a recent article from @ ORGANIZATION3 on computer use indicates that the people @ CAPS5 did not have a computer, half of the discoveries in the world would not exist today. You can say that the amount of knowledge that computers give us is very important! Second, the use of computers also strengthens hand-eye coordination. Children specialist @ PERSON3 says, “@ CAPS4 must be able to play video games, even if they are usually discouraged on the computer. They develop fantastic hand-eye coordination and help in so many areas including @ ORGANIZATION1 and sports. » @ CAPS5 there were no computers, this hand-eye coordination could never develop ! In addition, at @ ORGANIZATION2 at @ LOCATION1, they have limited computer use and as a result, sports teams have all lost records there. Could this be due to the lack of hand-eye coordination of these students ? Additionally, at @ ORGANIZATION1, after a recent survey, it was found that @ NUM1 students who play video games on their computers do better in the gym class due to the added hand-eye coordination. Obviously, computers greatly enhance hand-eye coordination. Finally, the use of the computer allows people to communicate with each other through email and other social networks. After a survey from www. @ CAPS6.com, we discovered that millions of users use the computer and @ CAPS6 to communicate every day. We wouldn't want to deny them that, would we? Second, a friend of mine @ PERSON2 who goes to @ ORGANIZATION4 says the main way she communicates and plans with her friends is by computer. @ CAPS5 she did not have any, none of this could be done. Additionally, a recent article by @ PERSON4, an adolescent specialist at @ ORGANIZATION5, states that when people don't have computers and can't communicate or speak with the outside world, they're more prone to diseases like depression or anorexia. When they don't talk as much with their friends, these illnesses are more likely to occur. This shows that communication with computers is very important. Now @ CAPS1 this. The same family as before is sitting in a bright, sunny room, their computer screens blinking happily. One of the boys yells, "Hey, look at his," and the rest of his family rush to his side. Their faces radiate this information @ ORGANIZATION3. You can see that computers have a positive effect on people because they provide information @ ORGANIZATION3, they strengthen hand-eye coordination, and they allow you to communicate with others. So, computer scientists, what are you waiting for? Go to your computers now and learn about @ ORGANIZATION3 !
Advances in technology have developed so much that it has become familiar to us as a normal household item, as we use it every day at work, at home, at school, on the buses, it has become a second-hand item in everyday life. Email, research, questions about the world around us. It's required in almost all job applications and in school and everything in between. This is the full age - @ DATE1 -. Computers are and everyday, like e-mail, is something I don't worry about and which is also used for filing an income tax return. It is also used to make reports for people. Computers have also become a commonly used thing, like school, which we use for reports, studies, and some homework. In addition, companies use it to communicate with corprat @ LOCATION1 uses a large technology position, they received a whole bunch of apples. Last. Computers are needed in most jobs, and @ CAPS1 is going to list a few states, schools, military defense, A-missile jobs and their closed satellite communication on all communication cell phones, one of which states that if it's the nitro of the twin towers on a track, tracking the truck where it goes and the rest that I know on computers is classified. And that is why computers are required in this society to be used every day and they are suitably used and which are required.
Dear @ CAPS1, technology has made great improvements in recent years. Computers have now found a place in almost every business and @ LOCATION1 ! Everyone thinks computers are so wonderful and can only affect you positively. But do they really consider both sides? Probably not. That’s why I’m here. Computers discourage exercise, reduce the number of hours @ ORGANIZATION1 spent bonding with your family, and are a waste of money and space @ ORGANIZATION1. I think computers should be reconsidered and people should stop relying too much on them. Which country has more than @ NUM1 million fast food outlets and restaurants in operation today ? Name the biggest country in the world. Who spends the most on unhealthy food? The answer to all these @ ORGANIZATION1 questions is @ LOCATION2. With more than @ PERCENT1 @ ORGANIZATION1 the population being obese something needs to be changed. According to studies by @ ORGANIZATION1 (@ CAPS2), @ PERCENT2 @ ORGANIZATION1 people spend more than @ NUM2 hours per day on the computer. @ ORGANIZATION1 these @ PERCENT2, @ PERCENT3 are overweight or obese. There is an obvious pattern. Exercise makes your muscles stronger, improves lung function, and helps burn unnecessary calories. People have the most need to get out of computers and exercise more. They might even like it. Spending time with your family can be a lot of fun, as I discovered recently. Playing outdoors in team games brings out your competitive side, while board games challenge your mind. “@ CAPS3 spending time with family has @ PERCENT4 more chances of succeeding in school,” @ CAPS4 @ PERSON2 beyond. So what is stopping them ?, Computers. Children now find many websites online more interesting than spending time with family and friends. We need to transform @ ORGANIZATION1 the computers, release the board games and keep the @ CAPS5 families together ! “In this economy, people can't afford to waste money they don't have,” economist @ CAPS4 @ PERSON1. And she is absolutely right! But what is @ PERCENT5 @ ORGANIZATION1 @ CAPS6 wasting money on ? You guessed it; computers. The average bill per month is @ MONEY2. In a whole year, you are paying @ MONEY1 for something you don't need ! Computers also waste space. In addition to needing a place to house your monitor, you need to find room to cram a printer, the hard drive, AND all of those wires. Who can find enough space ?! I certainly can't. While technology, namely computers, can be a wonderful thing, we have to consider the downsides. @ CAPS6 continues to gain weight, families are collapsing and the economy is collapsing, all because of computers @ ORGANIZATION1. We need to stop the problems and shut down the computers.
Dear Diary, I am writing to you @ DATE1 because I think computers really affect people in a negative way. I say this because @ CAPS1 you go on the internet you don't get a lot of excuses. You also don't get good grades at all! This is a bad thing. Also, when on a computer there are some really weird people. I really want you to hear my story. Go outside! @ CAPS3 mom I'm on the computer! @ CAPS1 you are on the computer as much as you want to exercise. @ CAPS1 you don't get excise, you won't be healthy ! you want to get excise. Also you will be obese you don't want that! For example, when you are in the gym, you want to be healthy. So you can and you will get a good grade. Do you want a bad grade? That sums it up well. You have a @ CAPS2 ! On your report card? When you spend a lot of time on a computer, you will become addicted. @ CAPS1 you get addicted so you won't do your homework then your grades will drop. You will have bad grades in school. Then you have the option to stay back. And then the parents to freak out on. This is one of the reasons why computers affect people in a negative way! When you go to the computer you have @ CAPS3 an idea who you are talking to, unless your friends are. There have been many, many cases where children have been robbed because of Facebook and myspace. @ CAPS1 your kid goes to these websites your kids are always in danger ! There are cybers and they could find out where you live this information about you. For example, there was a case on myspace where a kid thought she was talking to a @ NUM1 year old boy, she was really talking to a @ NUM2 guy about something a year old. Then the girl was gone for about weeks. It was. So you can never trust a computer. When you take a good look at the computers, you will see that they are just @ CAPS3 good. All my reasons before. They are that you will not get roughly the amount you are supposed to. Your grade will drop @ CAPS1 you stay on the computer and they cheat on you. So even know that you can communicate with your friends. It's just not worth it.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, I have reason to believe that computers and other similar modern technologies are breaking up the world we once were. Things like computers are a main cause of @ CAPS3's lack of exercise, interaction with family and friends, and also a possible danger to mental health. The main cause of obesity, and an outrageous amount of overweight people in @ LOCATION1, is the fact that people spend far too much time on computers, and not on exercise. I recently found out that in @ DATE1 the average family had a computer (sometimes none). These days, the average family has up to @ NUM1, @ NUM2, or even more ! Plus, the percentage of people who are obese has skyrocketed since then, as people are almost always on the computer, rather than exercising the way they should. One of the main reasons that modern technology has harmed our nation is that there is a lack of communication and interaction between families. Families argue more often and spouses divorce because they never spend time together. Studies have shown that nowadays @ NUM3 from @ NUM1 marriages end in divorce, whereas as in @ DATE2, it was @ NUM3 from @ NUM6. Technological advancements have increased incredibly since then, and people are on the computer / phones / other @ CAPS4 separating families everywhere. When helpless children try to grow taller and expand their minds, all they do is sit at the computer and not get the brain nutrition they need. Students in today's schools are the future rulers of the world. Now parents should be thinking, if they want their children to do well, or exceed their expectations in life, then they shouldn't be sitting at the computer all day filling their heads with nothing. Now, computers have the capacity to be educational useful, but are children using them that way ? The answer is no and "@ PERCENT1 of the time, neither adults" indicate @ PERSON1 of @ ORGANIZATION1. I hope you will agree that computers cause more harm than good in families around the world. People don't get the amount of exercise they need, don't interact enough with their families, and these computers can become harmful to the mental health of future generations. If families can minimize the number of computer-drawn activities, then I believe parents around the world can make changes to the health of their children on their own.
Dear journal @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 has drawn my attention to the fact that there is a massive increase in the number of people using computers in society. @ CAPS2 can have a positive effect on people, but too much @ CAPS2 is not a good thing. That's why I want to tell everyone about the negative effects of computers on people. We all know that using computers helps people with all kinds of things. They can help you with your business, interact with your family and friends, and you can even just use @ CAPS2 for entertainment. Some negative effects that some people don't know about, or maybe just ignore, are things like they can prevent you from exercising, exploring nature, and you might be spending so much time on your computer that you might get addicted. There should be a way to tell people that this is happening and that it is a concern. So I think we should try to combine what people like to do on the computer, with what they should be doing more often, like exercising. Maybe we could tell people that they can use their computers to contact people like friends and family to go out and make plans for exercise and fun outdoors so that they are not stuck in front of the computer all day. We all know that computers can be a good thing or a bad thing. They teach hand-eye coordination, give people the chance to learn more about places and people around the world, and more. They also have harmful effects, but that doesn't mean we have to take them away from people. And you shouldn't be out all the time, all day. So I think there should be a limit to the number of hours people spend on computers per day. This way people get what they want and they also have free time on @ CAPS2. Obviously, accordingly, there should be something about this computer problem. I hope I have convinced you with my thoughtful thoughts and ideas. And I hope they lead you to an idea that ends in a useful change in society.
How does the computer affect people? @ CAPS1 there is way the computer can be really bad and really good, "they are good. Because people who don't like to write usually just have a computer to type on. But people rarely do, they parents and kids don't sit on the computer caring about nothing but the screen, kids stay up all night knowing they have school, they don't even do their homework. I have proof from my friends, from the research show, my mom also agrees. I suggest you agree with my opinion. @ PERCENT1 of my friends agree with me because they went through this and they would not wake up to go to school. Dr @ PERSON1 from @ ORGANIZATION1 studied how parents barely spend time with their family. the computer was working or looking for stuff. Ma mother says when she was younger she loved the internet She never wanted to go down : @ CAPS1 hope you We appreciated my opinion ”, thank you for even taking the time to read it. Thanks again .
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 is your opinion on computers? Are they good or bad? Computers haven't been around for that long, but it's hard to determine whether this is having a positive or negative effect. Sure, they help people to research certain topics, but they are also dangerous. I believe that the computer is not a necessity for people. Computers are useless because people spend too much time on them and then we start to lack exercise and they become dangerous for everyone. First, computers are not a necessity because people spend a lot of time on them. Once you are on a computer for more than an hour to an hour and a half, the computer will start to affect you in a negative way. For one thing, your eyes will start to hurt. If you stay longer than that, you will start to have a headache. Soon your headache will get so bad that you can't take it anymore. It will pound and feel like it's on fire. This happens because your brain cannot absorb the brightness of the computer and @ CAPS2 your reading or vision at the same time. Most of the time this eventually happens, you lock yourself in a dark room in time to rest. Sometimes you don't get over it until they have a stomach ache too. Once they're off and feeling better, they start the process all over again. Therefore, computers are an obstacle for us. Then people start to lose exercise. After being on the computer for so long, all they have time to do is eat, sleep, and go to work or school. Computing has deprived everyone of the outside world. They don't want to go out to exercise and play. Living in these conditions can only lead to one thing, obysity. Soon you will get fat. Life is going to get tough. And being fat also has a negative effect. For one, you cannot run for very long, you become weak, and for children, you stop growing. But the worst part is, you won't live as long as if you were healthy. So you see that computers are a nuance for our society. Finally, computers are dangerous for the environment. There are @ NUM1 billion people in the world. At any given time, approximately @ NUM2 billion are on some sort of electronic device. When you are on a computer, have you ever noticed hot air coming out of the fan. Now, have you ever thought about where that heat goes. Well, it pits the ozone layer and causes a global warning. The ozone layer is the only thing that keeps the sun's ultra-violent rays from scratching us. Now, if every time some people turned on a computer, @ NUM3 of the ozone layer was gone and @ NUM2 billion people were turned on, @ NUM2 billion mm would have disappeared from our atmosphere. Now think about global warming. If the ozone layer looks like a bubble, heat is trapped inside. So this heat will eventually heat the earth. This will melt the @ CAPS3, then the sea will rise. The @ CAPS3 contains enough water to flood the earth. Do you really want this. Eventually we would drown and life would see it exist. As you can see, the computer is a nucent. They hypnotize young children and adults. They are useful but more dangerous. Sometimes we don't even realize it. Computers are bad because people spend too much time on them, people lose exercise, and they are dangerous for us.
People often say that computers and technology are bad for you, yet I think they have helped our society very well. Computers help people overcome their problems. Computers make our lives easier. By, when you buy things now, there are computers that add and subtract your amounts, they help people know where to go, and lastly, they help friends and family keep in touch with each other. Without computers, we would have to wait in longer queues for what we want to buy. For example, stop & shop, they have computers to check people and the lines are already quite long. If we didn't have computers, the queues would be even longer because people would then have to add up the money by hand. Also, without computers you wouldn't be able to weigh yourself as fast as we do now in wholesale stores, we would have to weigh it by hand. Without a computer, the days in grocery stores would be very long. Without computers, you wouldn't have @ CAPS1 and places online that give you directions. You should have used the auction cards to get to the locations. These cards could get lost while you are driving. You can lose your spot, and sometimes you @ MONTH1 mark the wrong places on your map. With computers, you can have @ CAPS1, online instructions that can tell you the fastest and easiest way to get to your home. Also with computers it saves paper on maps and we don't waste as many trees. Have you ever been in the situation where you wanted to visit an out-of-state family member, but you just don't have the money ? well a lot of people have done it and now instead of losing weight (the money they don't have). They can video chat, talk, watch people's launchers, and keep up to date with them on the computer. You don't need to spend tons of money on it, it's all free, these are social networking sites. That people use to stay in touch with family and friends. These sites you must use. the computer, so without computers you would have to travel in a car, wasting money and air on your car. In conclusion, I think computers have helped society very well !!!
Dear @ CAPS1, I believe that computers benefit people today. The invention of the computer helped people send messages and information to each other, helped students in school, and gave children something to do when they couldn't go out. Let me explain. The computer had created an easier way for people to send messages and information to each other. Before the invention of the computer, the only way to convey information was by mail or by telephone. The computer sped up this process. In fact, people had received information about @ PERCENT1 faster with the invention of the computer. I once was able to email my friend asking him to do his homework faster than writing him a letter. Obviously, computers have made communication between people easier. In addition, computers help students in school. Before the computer, a student had to use a typewriter to type papers. Using a typewriter, when they made mistakes that were lit, they had to start all over. It's a whole different story now. In fact, a study carried out by the board of directors of ed. shows that students write papers so much faster and better with a computer rather than a typewriter. I remember my grandfather telling me how he typed papers. It took him about an hour to type some papers. It took her about an hour and a half to write a document on a typewriter, while the longest it took was half an hour on a computer. As you can see, computers have helped students all over the world. Finally, computers provide things for children to do when they cannot go out to enjoy nature. A lot of people would like children to go to their computers when they could go outside. A study by @ CAPS2-obesity shows that @ PERCENT2 of children would rather play outside and exercise rather than in their home on their computer. But sometimes in certain weather conditions the kids can't go out, so they can have fun. A study by @ ORGANIZATION1 shows that only @ PERCENT3 children use their computers when they cannot be outside. If these kids suddenly lost their computing privileges, many of them will not have much to entertain themselves. Clearly, the computer occupies the time of children who cannot go out. In conclusion, the computer has enormous advantages for society. It allows people to send messages and information faster, helps students in school, and gives kids something to do when they can't be outside. I hope this letter has convinced you of the benefits of computers.
Dear @ CAPS1, computers have been around for a while now and taking them away would be to forget all the advancements we have made in technology. Computers are everywhere, in fact, seven out of ten families on my street have at least one computer in their home. So why would we want to remove them? Computers are too useful. Computers are not only fun, but very ingenious. Anyone with a failed question will easily jump to a computer, search for it on google.com, and find what they are looking for within minutes. I remember when I had a cut on my arm that looked weird, my mom had to heal a wound. She researched and figured out how to make the mark go away. The computer only benefits you in a certain way. Are you probably going to stay in two weeks and find that they don't have a pool ! Finally, without computers, we would have no communication with new or different people. Computers are great for communicating. People can communicate through Twitter, @ CAPS2, and even YouTube. Sites help all people make new friends online almost like pen pals on the Internet. Also, if the majority of your family lived in @ LOCATION1 and you were stuck in @ CAPS3, you could easily talk to them via email or instant messaging. Hopefully now you have a better understanding of how much of a lifeline the computer is. Maybe you could even do the next @ STATE1 on how computers are smart, good, and social !
Who cares about @ MONTH1, @ NUM1's was the start of a new era, computers were just coming out and mezmerizing people with his interest. But now more and more people think it's a waste of time. I really want to think that in these lifetimes you will see my opinion take shape for the following reasons. It is a high level of information which allows artists to expand their craft and engineers are now able to plan buildings and bridges on their @ CAPS1 to internet students and people are acquainted every day, internet is essential for people writing an essay. In fact, @ LOCATION1's superintendent of schools has stated that more than @ PERCENT1 students will be using the internet to help them write an essay. We also don't need to go to the library to do research because we have a whole library of information at home (the computer), another thing is that people are now able to communicate all over the world. world, which will allow us to learn more about others directly from the source. Artists are now able to do things that were now a new art form of video games. Which artists do you like to express yourself? The music mixing has become mine and it's over, sometimes I'll add extra tracks and undo other tracks if they don't need to use a typewriter, just jump on the computer to type a keyboard. You can use spellcheck and undo editing instead of having to throw out an idea you didn't like. Artists went through computers, and finally how to plan what a building or a bridge might look like (which is also the case with making video games) @ CAPS2 can make their home when planning buildings and bridges on computer, you can make them stronger, even before you start to build them with the new software available today, how certain structures in the event of natural disasters so that they can choose them have the capacity to become. Hope you can see with your eyes and agree that computers are really amazing which also helps to get information.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, you know that @ NUM1 on @ NUM2 students of @ NUM3 grade go to the computer every night to do their homework and to connect with their friends and family ? I think the effects of computers on people are beneficial for anyone who uses them. A computer can be used for communication, education, and to quickly access important information, such as local news. Now let me tell you why computers are good for communication. When I was in elementary school I had a friend who I was very close with and a part of his life. Unfortunately, he had to move. But I still wanted to be friends and communicate with him from time to time. One convenient way to do this was to use a computer. The computer makes it easy for you to contact an old friend so you can @ CAPS5 keep in touch. Different types of communication on the computer can be email, instant messaging, video chat, online chat groups ... etc. It helps people stay connected. This is why I think communication is the biggest effect on people due to the use of a computer. But, a computer can also be used for learning. At school or at work, children and adults alike need access to the right information about research projects, vacation spots, learning about animals, food, cultures and sometimes things just as complicated. than scientific chemicals. For example, when my class researched different things on @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4, our main source of information was the Internet on our computers. We researched the customs, the foods, the way of dressing, the traditional festivals and their way of being entertained. Plus, kids come home from school and download their essay and keep typing it. It teaches them hand-eye coordination and how to type. The computer is not @ CAPS5 used only for communication. It's a good way to educate everyone, although the internet can be used to convey important local and global information. “@ CAPS6 and adults often check their emails and homepage every day for the latest news on other countries, our country, government and economy,” says expert @ PERSON1. I believe the Internet provides a quick and easy way for citizens to access information about what is happening in our city, state, country and the world. For example, he can tell us about the series of shootings going on in @ LOCATION1 or the many house burglaries in our town. We, citizens @ CAPS7, want to know everything ... so that we stay safe and informed of the latest news. Another example is that I logged into the computer three days ago and it informed me of the earthquake at @ LOCATION2. But there are so many advantages of a computer. The effects of computers on people are beneficial. It allows people to stay in touch, learn about places and people, and keep up to date with the latest local and global news. I think you should take my ideas into consideration and publish them for everyone.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, I think computers benefit society because computers can do a lot of things like teach you. Computers are very useful now, almost everything is done on them. The computer teaches good eye coordination, how to focus, and shows you things you don't know. Without a computer, you really can't do anything or reddy. A computer can be useful for a lot of things like tax job applications, or checking out a grocery store, typing, and being on the computer exercising but not for your body. When you're on a computer, exercise your hands and your brain. Without computers, you really can't do anything. Most of the time, everything you do for a living has to deal with some type of computer. I think the people who said they shouldn't be on the computer are wrong because they can interact with their family which is away on the computer too. You can enjoy nature just looking at the old man, you don't have to go out. This is why I think computers are positive and useful.
Dear @ CAPS1, I believe that computers have a positive effect on people. Three reasons I think computers have a positive effect on people is that you have the ability to talk to your friends and family, also talk to other people around the world, and you can even shop. in line. Without contact with your loved ones, it's sad because if you want to talk to them, you can email them to see how they are. With emailing, you can send messages to your friends in any part of the world. For example, if you have a friend at @ LOCATION1 and you want to see if he is @ CAPS2, you can send him a message. Talking to people on the web is really fun because you can see what people are playing with you. If you are on facebook or myspace, you can add people as friends so you can friends. Online shopping is faster and faster than online shopping. is if you buy clothes and there is one, you will start going there, that is why there is online shopping so that we can. You can. In conclusion, this is a very useful thing. talk to those close to you about @ LOCATION2 and you can do your shopping without queuing. The can talk to others the world.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1, do you think computers have a positive or negative effect on people ? In my opinion, I would say that computers have negative effects on us. This is because we would have less exercise, less time to enjoy nature and interact with family and friends. If you are on the computer most of the time at home, how would you exercise ? You wouldn't because you'd be stuck sitting at the desk all the time. This is also a problem because this is how obesity can occur without exercise and sitting all day. Or people who have heart problems and need to exercise may get worse if distracted by the computer. Being at home on the computer does not allow you to enjoy nature. Instead of going out in good weather and having fun, people stay at home. It's not good because they should be having fun outside, not on the computer all day. Lacking time with family and friends is not okay when you are on the computer. This is because you are supposed to keep your family and friends company and not get dizzy from what you are doing on the computer. Also, you miss family reunions or leave your friends alone. This is because you are too busy on the camourar and not paying attention to anyone and yourself. That's why I think computers have a negative effect on people. It's because of less exercise, less time to enjoy nature and interact with family and friends.
Dear Local Newspaper, Technology is a constantly evolving thing and more and more people are using it. With more people using computers, the more technology will benefit our society. Through the use of the computer, people will learn hand-eye coordination, have the opportunity to learn in remote places, and also allow people to talk online with other people. Through the use of computers, people will learn hand-eye coordination. An effective skill to learn would be hand-eye coordination, the benefits of which would be exceptional. Having great coordination would mean that this person would overtake anyone who doesn't use computers. Advanced coordination would mean that this person would be able to accomplish more things like fast typing. Finally, better hand-eye coordination means that the person will be more likely to get a job in an area that requires good coordination.
The @ ORGANIZATION1 @ ORGANIZATION1 newspaper just found out that there is a big argument going on that the computer is not benefiting society. On the other hand, those who support technological advancements believe that the computer has a positive effect on people. Well @ ORGANIZATION1 had to choose a side and the side they chose this computer is having a positive effect on people. You know why we choose this side, because there are three reasons computers are good. Like number one, they teach people in far away places and people, @ CAPS1 computers are a good source of entertainment, and lastly, @ CAPS1 computers are good chatrooms. When @ ORGANIZATION1 @ ORGANIZATION1 finishes telling you why these three reasons are good, the @ CAPS1 computer of the people will win this war ! The first reason is that you like wasting time walking through the library looking for places or people @ ORGANIZATION1. Well, if you have a computer, you don't have to worry about it. library. I know this because I happened to look for a book that talks about @ CAPS2 calenders. I couldn't find that I had to go to a computer for information. Second reason, because computers are a good source of entertainment. You know if you have a computer and you have a computer you can easily go out there and play so many fun games like @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4, dragonwars or any other fun game you can find on a computer. There are so many games to choose from that you will never get to edge. The third reason is that the computer is a fun way to talk to friends or family. As there are so many sites you can choose from to tell your friends or family like @ CAPS5, @ CAPS6 or even @ ORGANIZATION2. Did you also know that you can send videos or even photos of things to your friends or family. So go to a computer and tell your friend, even that person, about a photo or something. My conviction is that I hope you take what I said to heart and that you want the newspaper to have the same say.
Dear local newspaper, I think the effects that computers have on people is that some people get very addicting to them, because some people spend a lot of time in the computer noting because they just spend their money to buy things they don't need. I also think that computers affect people in that they don't spend a lot of time with their families. The effect that computers have on people is that some people cannot stop using them even if they want to. People get very addicted to computers because they spend almost all of their time there. People don't exercise anymore because they spend all of their time on the computer, buying things they don't need, they just buy them because they like them. The effect that computers have on people is that some people just talk to their friend on myspace. Its facebook and other websites which are not good for them. I think the effects computers have on people is that they take away their time because some people spend a lot of time on computers, living alone with their families without spending time with them. Computers take up people's time because they don't spend time exercising or playing with friends or brothers or going to a park to spend the same time with family or have contact with family and invite friends over to have a good time instead of being at the computer all day doing nothing. The computer takes time or love for your family and makes you spend the time you don't have. The effect computers have on people is bad because people cannot stop using them even if they wanted to because they are all ready to get addicting for them. People can't stop using them because in computers you can do a lot of things like shopping, talking to friends and visiting websites which has very interesting things from other countries which are very beautiful but some people can't stop using them because they are going to play games or because they are downloading music from websites that they don't need. In conclusion, I think the effects that computers have on people are very bad because some people spend a lot of time there and even spend the time they don't have and the time they need. I also think that computers affect people because they don't spend time with their families sharing good things. The effects that computers also have is that people cannot use them because they make them addictive.
Did you know that @ PERCENT1 @ LOCATION1 people use their computers very often ? Nowadays, few people do not have a computer and it is sometimes difficult to do without one. I think most people can control themselves, although I believe computers are very important and have a positive effect on people as well. I use the computer to talk with friends and family, to help with my homework, and I'm always active. I spend quite a bit of time at @ LOCATION1 on the computer, but I'm still a very active person. I take dance lessons twice a week and when I can. I cycle, play outside, or run on the tree mill. I would say I am a very healthy person. Seems to me like @ MONTH1 is on a lot, but I really have something. Also, all of my friends are on the computer and some @ LOCATION1 are more active than me. Most people spend a lot of time at @ LOCATION1 on the computer and are always healthy and busy with other activities. I would definitely say that I interact with my family a bit. In a family @ LOCATION1 it's nice @ LOCATION1 difficult not to do it. Also, I hang out with my friends whenever I get the chance. I interact a lot but the computer allows me to talk to them when they are not around. Most @ LOCATION1 my extended family lives at @ LOCATION1. The computer allows me to communicate with them and even to exchange digital photos. Sometimes your friends. It's happened before and I was too busy to get together or it was snowing and my parents couldn't drive. We still need to talk and have a nice conversation. Some people have to be on the computer all day. my mom keeps the books and manages a lot of things for a business. She spends a lot of time at @ LOCATION1 on the computer, whether she likes it or not. It really can't be helped. Sometimes it's just necessary. Also, teachers use it to help them teach lessons and prepare materials for it. As a result, I use it for homework. I @ MONTH1 need to check my homework, research a topic, or use it for help. I think the computer is absolutely necessary and is a very irreplaceable piece of @ LOCATION1 technology. I am sure you will now agree that computers are useful and not harmful. As long as you get equal amounts of fresh air @ LOCATION1 and family interaction, they have a very positive impact on people's lives.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, a recent poll revealed that @ NUM1 on @ NUM2 Doctors believe the advancements we have made with technology and computers are helping us rather than harming us. I recognize that computers have a positive impact on us. Advances in technology help us become more efficient. Computers also give us the ability to research places and things that we @ MONTH1 never get to see in person. We can also talk online with other people who we might not have met otherwise. Most important, however, is our technological advancements. Recently on the news I saw a segment on how @ ORGANIZATION2 uses robots to make surgery more efficient. It also means that there are smaller incisions which means faster recovery. Another part of society that has progressed is crime-solving. Before there were computers, there were no blood tests, no fingerprints, and most likely no x-rays. Computers have made these things much easier for people to accomplish. Computers are also useful in giving us the ability to search for remote locations or other topics they have just at @ MONTH1. Some people @ MONTH1 never have the option of going to places like @ LOCATION4 or @ LOCATION3, but with computers, it's almost like they've been there. Or maybe it is in @ CAPS1, but @ CAPS1 is not a very popular sport in @ LOCATION2. And then they go to their computer and see that there is a ragby @ LOCATION1. Then their problem is solved. When you travel to a new country, you also have the opportunity to meet new people. But with computers and online sites like @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3 or you can talk to virtually anyone in the world. I could be sitting in a chair at my house at @ LOCATION2 and having a conversation with someone across the country, or maybe even across the ocean ! Or maybe you're talking to some of your very close friends who live just across town. Either way, the computer is a convenient place to talk to someone. I think computers do us more good than harm. Our technological advancements have helped us immensely with things like games and robotic surgery. They also give us the ability to search for topics we want to know more about or a faraway place we've never been. Finally, we are able to chat online with people who @ MONTH1 are across town or across the ocean. Hope my reasoning helps you understand my point of view.
Dear @ CAPS1, you sit in front of the computer with a glass of water and an extra-curricular snack, possibly an after-work snack. You log into your many accounts, open chat boxes with your friends, and start searching for your project. As more and more people get connected with technology, they seem to be releasing new things for computers. Some people miss something and don't see the negatives, like failed social relationships, procrastination, lack of learning and more ! Beep! a new message @ CAPS2. On the computer, you can talk to your friends and family, but sometimes people get so busy that in real life relationships fail. You cannot type an @ ORGANIZATION1 message or hide your feelings behind a screen. Also, for kids as they get older, many jobs require customer service, and if you're only good at talking to people on the computer, that can't help. Anything you say on the Internet can be read and published anywhere, on any site, at any time, while in real life, it is really you who are speaking. School learning is very important too, but sometimes I know I have homework but I put it off and say "@ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 do it later, I have to check this!" put an end to my learning. Some people don't like school, but it is very important in a person's life if you like to be successful you have to balance school, learning, computer time and forget not exercise and possibly work ! Computers can be useful for research and guides, but Facebook or Twitter will slow you down. So buckle up and start this search! Chat rooms, @ ORGANIZATION2, email and the like can hurt you. There are many predators out there just waiting for someone to connect. It's very dangerous, and someone can pretend to be someone there. What's more, the computer all day without exercise can lead to obesity, and sometimes your hand posture can give you carpal tunnel syndrome. There are a lot of bad things that result from computers. Many times in your life you will need to find a balance. Don't overlook the negative or you could hurt yourself. Computers are nice to have, but be careful not to waste all your time on them!
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, I am writing to you @ DATE1 because of the concern of people who have computers. You are concerned that people who own computers are not spending time exercising, enjoying nature, or not interacting with their families. I agree that people @ CAPS5 have computers, they get lazy and don't spend time interacting in activities. I was in @ CAPS1 one day and did a survey to find out how many people agree that few people because of computers do not interact in any activity. @ PERCENT1 of people I interviewed said they agreed but of course the others didn't care. Lots of people @ MONTH1 think this is normal but I checked a website specializing in weight and how to get up and lose weight easily this website is @ CAPS3.com. I read an article on the web page and at paragraph @ NUM1 sec. @ NUM2 it indicates that obesity in @ LOCATION1 is caused by the computer and / or laziness. Of course, some people may disagree, but at the same time, people who disagree are great athletes who do both. I chatted with @ PERSON1, a pro @ CAPS4 player, he said, "@ CAPS5 I was a kid, we didn't have these things we were doing at home or playing outside with our friends. “Even great athletes agree. Well, in conclusion, I agree that due to the fact that people have computers, they are lazy and don't interact with their families.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3 isn't it time we started to think more about the digital age. Computers have contributed so much to society for many years and so far I don't think the world could function without them. Some people say computers @ CAPS3 are not good for society, but do they really believe that computers have given us the internet, email, most jobs depend on the internet, even games, and well others, let me explain. First of all, without computers there would be no Internet and without it many jobs would fail. Most jobs need the Internet to function, just as architects need the computer to design buildings and houses. Almost all offices have computers for many different reasons. Writers need computers to write books, if they were written by hand some people might not be able to read them, so if there were no computers thousands of people would lose their jobs. My mother works on a computer, she would lose her job. Not only that, but we need computers for the school. If I were to write an article about a person, it would be almost impossible to do so without researching information about them on the Internet. In addition, for article writing, some teachers only have typed articles. How are we supposed to do this if we didn't have computers that make working from home so much easier. Finally, computers allow us to explore new places. Goole @ LOCATION1 is a map of every location on @ LOCATION1 that we can see. If you need to know where something is, you can always rely on the Internet. If you need guidelines, you can print them out on the Internet. Also, if you need to figure out what something means instead of using a dictionary, use the computer. Now can you see how the computer benefits society. Some people say that others are taking too much time on the computer, but you don't have to. I don't know anyone who uses the computer for more than work or school.
Dear local newspaper, I am sure you will agree with me in keeping computers in this world. I am sure you will agree with me in keeping computers in this world because computers help everyone in their education. For example, when I don't understand certain words, I go to the computer type www.dictionary.com. So I have words that I don't understand. After that the definition appears and faster, because when I look in the dictionary it takes me about @ NUM1 to @ NUM2 minutes to find a word, but on the computer it takes me @ NUM3 seconds. Also, computers allow us to chat and send massages when we can't see or take a person, so we send massages and get the message that they are resending a message. Finally, computers help with English lessons such as spelling, writing, typing, editing and revision. That's why I think we should keep computers in this world. I know not everyone knows everything. Computers could help us with math, using forms and a calculator on calculator.com. Computers also help in science, by going to @ LOCATION1 and asking questions like "what is matter or what is it. Finally, I'm going to talk about not understanding some words. .I always go to dictonary.com so this website can give and help understand the word and get the real definition. I always use these @ NUM2 websites when I'm stuck in math or science or English. These websites could help a lot in our education. It's my way of thinking about computers that helps us in our education. My parents always want me to talk to my friends and spend time with them. So when I can see or talk to my friends, i go to myspace or facebook or msn to talk and message my friends. We just keep chatting and messaging because our parents don't let us hang out. Almost everyone does the same. I do it, we can ns also send lots of other photos, music and much more. This is my opinion on why we should have computers because we need to chat or send messages. By the end you know we don t need to type our essays, lesson and more. Computers help use powerpoints, they check our spelling, they might also change the reason we write as cursive and more, they also help edit and revise. I always send the wrong words. So the computer helps me spell it also makes your project more beautiful. That's why i think
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, it has come to my attention that more and more people are using the computer, but not everyone agrees that it benefits society. I firmly believe that computers benefit society for three reasons. First, computers are a great source for doing schoolwork. Computers allow you to learn more information. Plus, computers are a great way to stay in touch with friends and family. You can clearly see why computers have such positive effects on people and society. My number one reason I think computers benefit society is because computers are a great source to use for school work. An example of this would be if a science teacher gave his class a homework assignment that needed to be typed up. You cannot type an essay without a computer. Also, if the project or assignment requires some information research and it's not time in your day to go to a library, the computer is a great source. Doesn't that make sense ? Computers not only help you with your homework, but many people go to college online as well. My parents don't have enough money to go to college, "says @ NUM1 yrs @ PERSON1" so I take free online classes and they work great ! "@ CAPS1 Obviously computers have a beneficial effect on people? Besides homework, computers are a great place to look for information. For example, you just bought a new house and want to learn more about This domain. The computer is a great place to view updated photos and learn more about your new hometown. Sixty-nine percent of people use the information on the computer to buy a home. People @ MONTH1 also want to learn basic information about bears or bees is my belief that the computer is a great source to learn information, obviously computers have a great effect on people and benefit society. Finally, computers are useful ways to stay in touch with family and friends. family living at @ LOCATION1. When I use the computer to keep in touch with them. I feel closer and leave ie to keep in touch with them. I feel closer and part of a big, happy family, "says @ PERSON2 from @ STATE1, @ NUM2, says People with family living in other states, countries and even other countries , don't see each other every day of the year @ CAPS2 is why computers can help people stay in touch. Another example would be if your mom or dad was away for a few days, weeks or months and you wanted to tell them about ten. A good way to do that would be through email or instant messaging. Therefore, I firmly believe that computers are great for people and benefit society. To sum up, computers benefit society and have positive effects on people Computers are a great source for doing schoolwork, giving you the information you are looking for, and a great way to stay in touch with family and friends. louse You clearly understand why I firmly believe that computers have a powerful and positive effect on people and benefit society. Thanks !
Dear local newspaper, I recently heard about the idea that computers are not very productive. Of course people get information and talk online but that can be a bad thing i agree that computers are overused and used for the wrong reason. For me, the main source of communication is online chat. Even I talk online all the time. Chatting online is also a terrible thing if you overuse @ CAPS1. Children all over the world are talking to people they have never seen. People are overseas because they think who they're talking to is the real deal, @ CAPS1 is a great way to communicate, but not in the wrong way. Plagourism happens all over the world, people take whatever they want, even though they haven't created @ CAPS1. We take if you get caught doing @ CAPS1 you can go to jail. Although there is a way to help plagiarism. The internet has all the information in the world and people abuse @ CAPS1. I have seen articles with information that they copied and forwarded @ CAPS1 to their article. You can tell because @ CAPS1 is different from others and bad things happen. Teachers, you should immediately speak to a supervisor at @ CAPS1. I know I'll do my best not to play, so I can start by educating myself. Everyone loves computers and technology, but if anyone can ditch the computer for a while, things like plagiarism and abuse or online chatting can be limited.
I think @ CAPS1 should be using a computer so that he can help himself using a computer ? @ CAPS1s have to use computers first because if they want to take notes on what they are doing, they can just go to the computer and write it down. Computers are faster than just writing. On a computer, all you have to do is type. You can use a computer to search for whatever you want, for example: the teacher asks to search for a giraffe. The only place you can find a giraffe is if you go to the computer and search for a giraffe. This is a reason why how to search for things, it is easier to search for things instead of searching for them in the most suitable way. Finally if you have a project you need to do it and it involves pictures and you don't know how to find it just go to the computer to find what you are looking for and we will be done after find everything you see @ CAPS2 to enable students to use computers in classrooms / schools so they can get easy help.
Computers have been one of the greatest advancements in technology, yet one of the downfalls of society. Originally thought to spread ideas and places far away, computers quickly proved their worth. Computers are dangerous devices and target healthy young children. This is the main reason why society today predicts that this future generation is teetering on unstable and weak foundations. These devices, which are causing this chaos, must be immediately removed from society as they take away the real benefits of life, take their toll on our health, and support some of the country's deadliest predators. First, computers are linked to the crime of stealing the pleasures of childhood. Since @ DATE1, the number of teenage users has increased by @ PERCENT1. Surprisingly enough, @ PERCENT2 of parents surveyed admitted that their children spend at least @ NUM1 hours on the computer every day. It takes away the pleasures of reading, exercising, spending time outdoors, and spending time with friends and family. These negative effects have an unhealthy impact on society, especially adolescents, the most frequent users. As a result, diet and exercise are reduced, increasing the obesity count of @ PERCENT3, and locking out our outdoor or family activities has favored antisocial @ CAPS1, this alarming rate compared to the future generation @ MONTH1 is indeed in equilibrium on a cracked basis. In addition to limiting diet and exercise, computers are also the cause of another act. As long as computers are plugged in, they emit invisible electromagnetic radiation. These waves are linked to disease and cancer. The use of computers must cause brain tumors and leukemias, as well as brain disorders and cancer. Leukemia, when caused at a young age, is difficult to treat and delays a child's development. Children exposed to @ NUM2 or more hours per day to @ ORGANIZATION1 compared to the few who spend their time outdoors are @ NUM3 times more likely to develop such possibilities. The ultimate prevention against such risks is to tackle the rest of the causes, computers, and that completely. Finally, computers are dangerous because they are also deadly. As one teenager mindlessly puts it on the web and bathrooms, they are at risk of being attacked by the thousands of predatory children lurking the web. Computers hold extremely valuable and secret information, such as names, dates of birth, genders, and even social security numbers. With a single click, accepting a stronger invitation, online predators hack the child's computer and gain such valuable information. Or the predators @ MONTH1 are less positive and attack directly by asking questions of the child himself. In fact, there is a familiar story about the plight of a local girl @ CAPS2, who unknowingly chatted with a stranger online. This online predator gently invited her to the mall, where they moved. A devastating couple, weeks later, the girl's remains were found, burned, as the last fatal act the predator committed on the teenager. Three for, computers are just too dangerous, a predator's notebook as they search for their next victim. by removing the computer, you eliminate the threats that online predators pose to you and your child. It is amazing to learn that the greatest advance in technology, the computer, can trigger such harmful effects. The lack of engaging activities such as exercising and reading is stunned by the ever-distracting computer, its electromagnetic radiation attacks our health and, finally, it supports the actions of the thousands of cruel and devious online predators that await your child. on the Web. By removing the source of all these problems, these acts can be avoided and the @ MONTH1 company begins to suffer for reform.
A large number of people use computers on a daily basis, but not everyone agrees that this technology benefits society. I think computers benefit our way of life in so many ways. This very useful technology has a positive effect on people because it allows people to easily send, receive and search for a wide variety of information. @ PERCENT1 people use the computer to get information and get it faster than reading a book on that specific topic. They say this powerful technology has been more efficient and faster. My cousin and I both received the same research paper to do. He used several books to get information on the subject and I used the computer. The project took me @ NUM1 days, whereas it took a whole week to complete it. @ PERSON1, expert in computer programming, said : “ Computers have made receiving information much faster. I firmly believe that everyone should own this device. In addition, computers help with communication. There are many ways to stay in touch with people all over the world, such as email, discussion forums, and websites like @ CAPS1 and @ CAPS2. These websites are a great tool for keeping in touch with family and friends or even fans. @ PERSON2, lead singer of @ CAPS3 @ ORGANIZATION1, said "@ CAPS1 is a way to speak directly to fans and post updates on upcoming tours and albums. Not only is it great for bands , but it's great for students. My older brother is a student and we communicate through these websites so it seems like he's never that far away. The computer can help with business as well. The meeting can be done via @ ORGANIZATION2 or other online chat service. Email is a great way to send information. @ NUM2 Business meetings being held on the Internet have benefited the work ethic. Please take my advice and using the Internet and the computer will benefit the way you communicate and the way you get information.
Introduction @ CAPS1 computer ping in the world should have Internet. The internet helps people in a mean way. Ancybody can do their homework there on a computer. You can even talk to your friends on a computer, send emails to anyone in the world, or just play coms. Teachers use computers because it is the easiest way to find the information they might need. Students can use a computer to do a research paper for, say, history. You can find anything on anyone or anything on a computer that has the Internet on it. There is also an interesting thing that is found on some computers, it is called Microsoft Word. It lets you fix whatever you want and if you mess up a word you can fix it if you want. Some schools actually provide their students with a partial computer. They can do their homework there whenever they want and just send an emal to their teacher. The computer has the @ MONTH1 branding information then any book in the world. Because computers have a lot more storage for more information. Also, the great thing about a computer is that there are websites that allow you to talk to your friends who live near you. But you don't have to go to these houses, you can put pictures or yourself on facebook or myspace or any other site. You can also play games on facebook, myspace or whatever else. Schools should use computers because that is the best way to get the information you need to do something. Like homework in science, math or history. Or even just for fun or to learn something new that you've never experienced before. You should agree with me because everything I wrote was true and almost the best way to get pictures or information. That you have to do something. Or even just to talk to a friend you haven't seen in a big way.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 People think computers educate people for the future, but I think they also harm children and adults. First of all, kids are so engrossed in computer games that they never go out for exercise. Second, if you ask a child something about nature, they probably won't know what to say, but they will if they spend less time on the computer. Finally, many families today never see each other because the children and their parents are too busy at the computer. These three reasons show why computers do not benefit society. Obesity is a huge problem among the children of @ LOCATION1. The reason is that they spend too much time online and not outdoors and exercising. Children don't get fresh air or exercise, which can lead to serious health problems. Sometimes parents don't do anything because they have the same problem. It just goes to show that computers and other technology are affecting families across the country making them overweight and overweight. @ CAPS1 children do not know the first thing about nature and. People say that computers educate people about things, but nature and the surroundings are an important part of our life. The best learn and help. Computers by the time they are, the earth could get even worse, so they need to be educated about nature and the environment so that they can. I know from my own experience that computers take the time of your friends and family. Instead of playing games on the computer at home, you could spend time with your family in the park or by the pool. My dad always spends his time on the computer and we never had time to spend with him. When he found out, he rearranged his schedule so that we could have more time together. Spending time with your family is very important because they are an integral part of your life and fewer computers will help families do this. As you can see, getting out of the computer will help kids stay fit and healthy, educate them about the environment, and help families interact more with each other. If leaving the computer has changed my family's way of life, so will others. Hope you agree with me because it will surely have a positive effect.
Dear @ CAPS1 from @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4, computers are a wonderful tool and first of all they have many positive impacts on society, computers have created many forms of @ CAPS2 communication. In addition, they allowed us to create an @ CAPS2 era in research. Plus, computers have given us amazing ways @ CAPS2 to entertain ourselves. Computers have an incredibly positive effect on people. One of the reasons computers have such a positive effect on humans is that we have developed many ways @ CAPS2 to communicate with people all over the world. First of all, a fantastic program like @ CAPS5 (instant messaging) gave us the incredible ability to have a conversation with one or more people anywhere in the world and be able to respond in an instant. In a recent poll @ PERCENT1 people said they prefer instant messaging over any other type of communication apart from face-to-face conversation, secondly most computers now have built-in webcams so you can actually see the person you are communicating with. I had a friend move out recently, and we can see what the other is doing and still be friends even though we don't live in the same city, and I'm sure a similar experience has happened for you or someone. 'one you know. Finally, the popular Facebook program has changed communication forever. Now people can see it happening in your information wherever they want. Although some of them have wonderful computers, they have established incredible means of communication. A second reason why computers are so important to people is that they have created a lot of research. An example would be our phenomena search engine, google. Google at almost everything to help people find schools now uses computer resources such as @ CAPS6 to find the fact that there is so much availability on the. In addition, computers have created many opportunities for people to learn more due to the billions of websites you have, in existence studies, have shown that @ PERCENT2 of people have found a website with information relevant to their research which was only a book. The computer is the reason research has continued to thrive and @ CAPS2 continues to be done. Finally, computers have created amazing @ CAPS2 entertainment for people of all ages. First, video websites like YouTube have created a place for people to watch creative music videos and movies just for the fun of it. If you can't get concert tickets you want to go online to watch that person's music videos is a much smarter alternative, secondly, jamming websites are cheaper, but if you go online, you can play similar games at no cost. Finally, websites with appropriate funny stories posted on them are a fantastic way to get a comic book laugh, without leaving your couch, wouldn't you rather stay home than go out when it's not? not necessary ? computers are an incredible way to provide entertainment fast and inexpensively in today's economy. In conclusion, there are several positive ways that computers have an impact itself. it is now established forms of communication, research and entertainment that will forever change society. Therefore, I invite you to join me in demonstrating the incredible strength of computers.
Dear Diary, Have you ever wondered what modern technology has given us? A good example is that of computers. Many people use this device to book vacations, to talk and build relationships with people, and to discover new ideas that the world has to disagree strongly. The scorching sun staring at you is just killing you so you don't book a tropical island vacation ! Lots of people go on vacation and what brought them here was when they sat down and held. the computer looking at hotels and booking you, This modern technology has brought many humans to where they wanted to go. More of @ PERCENT1 of @ CAPS1 have a chat account to talk to their family and friends. The European country up to @ LOCATION1 exceeds @ NUM1 miles and every time you make a call it can result in many casualties. Modern technology has overtaken phones and now uses the computer to talk to distant friends and family. As time went on, the computer put on @ NUM2 of singles and expressing the relationship. Many arguments were raised because of the disagreement. Lots of reviews and say few people interact with their family and friends. On the other hand the computer has that a lot of people log in and communicate @ CAPS2 they can set a plan for @ CAPS3 many reviews have people and pass the computer. While this is true, there should be decisions that will improve human health by limiting their use. Setting standards on computers can improve these problems and help with exercise. In this case I strongly disagree with the critics and for my part with the good practices. If they removed them, not only would people's files fall, but everyone would be disorganized in the bong run. Finally, discovering places and websites teaches something new, even to the smartest. After reading this I have proven that my @ CAPS4 should be admired by many people.
Dear local newspaper, computers ! Computers have a great effect on people. Advances in technology with computers benefit society. Computers provide a place for people to chat with others, learn on school websites, and teach hand-eye coordination. Computers are changing the world everywhere. Computers give people a place to interact with others. There are thousands of websites that have chat rooms and are online chat rooms. It gives you a place to talk to others and even see what might be going on in the world. Plus, computer chat rooms can help friends always stay in touch. Studies show that ninety percent of @ CAPS1 who have a chat room with friends often have more friends than none. Obviously, interactions with others on the computer have a great effect on people. School websites also provide benefits to people in our society. It gives us the opportunity to know more about what we learn in school and perhaps the ability to learn new things as well. When almost all of the schools in @ LOCATION1 have a school website, which helps students who are having trouble in school, I know from my experience that having a computer helps me at school whenever I go. 'forget my homework or I have to study in a quiz or test, I can always go to my computer and find what I need for school. When the computer knows that it benefits our society. Computers also teach hand-eye coordination. When you use the computer for games or whatever else you do, it teaches you to move the mouse quickly and keep your eyes on the screen. Whenever I have the opportunity to use the computer, I always do. This is because with all the websites and it will teach us hand-eye coordination with I'm just having fun. Ninety-five percent of the people who use the computer like to use it. This represents ninety-five percent of people who learn more about hand-eye coordination. If it doesn't benefit society, then nothing does. As I have shown, computers certainly benefit society. I firmly believe that computers have a positive effect on people. That's because it gives people a place to interact with others, to learn things from school websites, and they teach hand-eye coordination. In conclusion, computers have a big effect on people today.
Click click, another information page opens with your @ LOCATION4 at your fingertips, these reliable, smart and easy-to-use devices are always a must have. Although people are now starting to think that these handy desktops are bad for your well-being, while people strongly believe that we are not getting enough exercise or outdoor activities. even allow socialization with friends / family. I don't understand why they say that. So let me express my love for computers to you. TVs, radios and @ NUM1 payers are no match for the Internet and it is a great mass-market entertainment system. The computer contains all the fun movies, iTunes tracks, and even the websites where you can make your own movies. Publish photos on @ CAPS1 and send them by e-mail only with a click of the mouse. The internet is obviously the best reason for a hungry movie night. One of the internet's biggest pros is the keen source of information. Google, wikipedia and Dictionary.com are the biggest news sites for @ DATE1. As much as nature watching and exercising is healthy and fun, I would rather see a sunny beach from @ CAPS2 or the beautiful scenery from @ LOCATION1. If you are looking for how to tie a tie or even some information on your history report, the @ CAPS3 is an easy and safe thing. How could you talk to your friend who is across the world at @ LOCATION2 or in Germany. The answer is simple, skype, fiacebook, myspace and more are all available on your @ CAPS3 at your fingertips. Many sites have a no-cost policy, so they can't charge them money for socializing with friends. As personal experience, I could now talk to my cousins who live @ @ LOCATION1 LOCATION3 and because of the excellent interaction site Facebook. And why would you want to take the time to run around town so as not to be sure they're even there. Obviously, the Internet is a great socializing activity. Now that I have expressed my opinion on the wonderful effects of the Internet, such as the entertainment system, world history information, and even socializing with friends. I'm people will open their eyes to see the great uses of the computer.
Dear local newspaper, I think computers have a positive effect on people because they help them learn about foreign places, they allow them to connect with their family and friends who live far away and they help them with their work . Computers help people learn about foreign places. Before my uncle went to @ LOCATION4 he wanted to learn more about their culture. He went to the computer and looked up the @ CAPS1 culture, so he could be prepared. How would you feel if you went to another country and didn't know? What if you were to go to this country and do something that would be disrespectful to its culture, but you didn't know because you didn't research it? I know I would feel bad. Now, some people might say that you can read a book about this country, but not everyone has time to sit down and read a book. Computers make the world a little smaller and help us get to know each other. I think it's pretty positive. Is not it ? People connect to each other through the computer. Over @ PERCENT1 of people who move away from family and friends reconnect with them through computers. Nowadays, there are social networking sites, like @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3, and @ CAPS4, which give people the opportunity to contact a family or friend who lives far away. When I moved to @ LOCATION1 from @ LOCATION2, I thought I was never going to see my best friend again. But then I got a @ CAPS3 and found it there. I was very static. We have exchanged our numbers and addresses. Now, every day, I talk to him on the computer. Also, the only way I talk to my aunt, who lives at @ LOCATION3, is through the computer. I cannot talk to him on the phone as it will increase my phone bill. Another reason computers are positive is that they help people find their biological parents or siblings. It brings them closer together and helps them reconnect. Computers help people in their work. Anyone who is @ CAPS6 of a business has a laptop. It helps them to store important data, files and information. Computers are essential for these people. Also, it helps them keep track of their business if they go on vacation. How would it feel if you owned a business and went on vacation, but couldn't keep track of it because you didn't have a computer. Computers have a positive effect on people because they help people learn about places, talk to their families, and keep up with their work.
Dear @ PERSON4, I strongly believe that using the computer is beneficial for the community. One of the reasons I think this way is that computers can improve hand-eye coordination and other skills. These computers provide access to games useful for @ ORGANIZATION2 training. In fact, @ ORGANIZATION2, in @ LOCATION1, @ CAPS1, just started using these sets as part of their training this @ DATE1. Instructors report that @ ORGANIZATION2's skills in interns and students are much better than in the past. Additionally, computer games can improve reflexes. Two years ago a man named @ PERSON3, @ NUM1 years old, fell on the tracks just as a train was passing. Thanks to extraordinary reflexes, he managed to pull away, saving his life. When asked how he did @ CAPS5, he said he has been playing computer games since he was @ NUM2. These games also make you smarter. @ ORGANIZATION1's @ DATE2 study reports that brains were @ PERCENT1 more active after using computers. The researchers obtained this data by attaching electrolytes to the patient's brain before and after using the computer. @ CAPS5 is for these reasons that computers improve hand-eye coordination and other skills. Another reason computers are beneficial is that they allow you to talk online. They even allow you to communicate with your family who live far away, thus strengthening your relationships. I recently reconnected with my cousin who moved to @ LOCATION3. Letters were overpriced and time consuming, but emails and skype give us a great alternative. These computers also improve social skills. @ PERSON1, living here in town, says, "I love using computers because I can talk to my friends whenever I want, and I feel like @ CAPS5 really helps us communicate." Who wouldn't love a machine that provides such a service? These computers can even improve your mood. In a test performed by @ ORGANIZATION3 at @ DATE3, @ NUM3 people were placed in separate rooms with personal computers for @ NUM4 hours. Subsequently, @ PERCENT2 reported feeling an improvement in his mood. Computers are great because they allow you to talk online. Finally, computers make it possible to discover other places. Virtual tours are more and more common today. In fact, at @ CAPS2.org you can take virtual tours of over @ NUM5 different countries, including @ LOCATION5, @ LOCATION4, @ LOCATION2 and @ LOCATION6. You can also learn about other cultures and traditions through online videos at youtube.com and articles at wikipedia.org, the free encyclopedia. You can even learn new recipes. Celebrity Chef Extraordinary @ PERSON2 not only posts all of her recipes online at mstewart.com, she even finds some ! In a recent interview with @ CAPS3 magazine, when asked where she found some of her best recipes, including her famous @ CAPS4 chocolate cake, @ PERSON2 admits to finding most of them online, stating : "@ CAPS5 is a powerful resource that more people should use. Al @ CAPS6 currently has the best cookbook in the world !" @ CAPS5 is because of this that computers allow you to learn more about other places. Thanks for your time, and I hope you'll take what I've said into consideration. @ CAPS5 is for all these reasons that I firmly believe that computers are good for the community.
Dear local newspaper, I recently saw that you think people are spending way too much time on computers instead of exercising or hanging out with friends and family. Well, I think the opposite of that opinion. People interact with people online if they want to. People can also learn new things. In addition, computers help people earn money. So read on to find out more. Most people who use computers interact with people in one way or another. @ PERCENT1 of all people have either a facebook, a myspace, a skype or all three. on one of these sites, you interact with people. We can meet new people on the Internet. Like people across the state or across the country. We also hear about what's going on in our big or small town. Like if there was a missing child, we know the description, so we could help find it. Not only do people interact, but people can search for useful information. For example, one day I was told to do a project on teenage mothers. I went straight to the library, pulled out a few books and everything that I couldn't find in the books. I went to the computer for. We can also learn about faraway places like @ LOCATION2 or @ LOCATION1. My mom always says, "@ CAPS1 your room or @ CAPS2 will give your things to people in need." @ CAPS3 the first time she told me I went to the computer to see how other people faced me. Some were good, beautiful, big houses, but others lived in boxes and garbage cans. It changed me a lot, I felt really cared for these people. Finally, computers help people earn money and support their families. @ PERCENT2 of all people discovered their work on a computer. They can go to websites to find good, secure jobs that earn a lot of money. Plus, if you have a computer, you can easily work from home. Some people don't have money for babysitters, so they have to watch their children all day long and therefore have to work from home to earn money. Finally, people can apply for jobs or even community services online. My sister, @ PERSON1, got her first job going to the museums website @ CAPS4 and applying right on the computer. Therefore, computers are good. I say this because people can interact with other people online, people can search for useful information, and finally computers help people find jobs and earn money. Do you use computers for any of these reasons ?
Dear Diary, the small world of @ CAPS1 after all - and smaller and smaller as computer use becomes more and more widespread. Thousands and thousands of sites and applications are now at your fingertips. I firmly believe that the effects of computers are extremely positive. On the one hand, they increase hand-eye coordination. On the other hand, they are a great means of communication. Finally, they are a very powerful research tool. Some @ MONTH1 say that computers cut down on time spent with family and friends, but I disagree. Computers help us stay more connected than ever ! The computer is not bad, on the contrary! First of all, computers are great for increasing hand-eye coordination. In a recent study by @ PERSON1, he noticed a significant increase in the motor skills of children aged @ NUM1 to @ NUM2 when they used educational computer programs such as @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 for only half an hour, once per day. Children who did not use the program were found to develop their motor skills at a much lower rate. Hand-eye coordination is a necessary skill from birth to death and should be encouraged whenever possible. I know @ CAPS1 helps me immensely with my daily life - and probably yours too - from the most basic tasks of eating and brushing my teeth to typing, drawing and playing the piano. As you can see, hand-eye coordination is very important. Second, in my reasoning, computers are brilliant tools of communication. People are not always reachable by phone. An email can wait for them in line anytime - and anywhere - that they check @ CAPS1. Also, documents can be emailed which would be nearly impossible for a landline and difficult for most cells to process. Revolutionary video conferencing programs like @ ORGANIZATION2 can even allow us to talk with people around the world, virtually eye-to-eye. I use @ CAPS1 to stay in touch with my family on @ LOCATION2. And you? Last - but (at the risk of sounding cliché) certainly not the least - computers are very powerful research tools. Everything from the local zoo schedule (thus avoiding the toddler collapse when one happens only to find @ CAPS1 closed) to the average elephant lifespan @ CAPS4 (@ NUM3 years). Rather than browsing book after book for just one piece of information, connect your query to one of the many search engines, from @ ORGANIZATION1 to @ CAPS5., And find answers instantly. Discover @ LOCATION3 without the cost of a plane ticket. See the photos of @ LOCATION1 - a spectacle most people would never have been able to see without the internet. The computer can take us anywhere. In conclusion, computers are a great resource that is often misrepresented. Computers teach and improve valuable hand-eye coordination. In addition, they greatly facilitate communication. And finally, they are a powerful research tool. Computers are often presented as the bane of society. This is simply not true. They are a great tool for all ages. Technology is not our enemy. Do not treat @ CAPS1 as such.
Who @ MONTH1 Concerns : I've heard that people are having a debate about whether computers benefit us or are bad for us. I think computers are great. They allow us to speak with people all over the world. They give us the ability to learn things. Finally, they save us money. Doesn't all of this benefit us? I think so. Please keep reading to learn more about why computers are good. First of all, computers give us the ability to talk with people all over the world. Much of my family lives in different @ CAPS1, and this is how I talk to them through the computer. If you walk away from all of your friends and family, wouldn't you want to stay in touch with them ? Well, you could by chatting with them on the computer. To get things done, computers give us the opportunity to learn different things. If I go to "@ CAPS2.com" I could type in whatever I want and get some information on it. Or I get an answer to a question. Are you a parent who wants to know how their child is doing in school? You can go to their school's website and check their grades in each class they have. In conclusion, computers save us money every day. If you had to research information for a project without a computer, you had to drive to the library and buy a book. But with a computer, you can get information easily from the comfort of your own home. In conclusion, you can see that computers benefit us in many ways. They give us the opportunity to talk to our friends and family all over the world. They give us the ability to search for information quickly and easily. Finally, they save us money every day. Thanks for reading my letter which I'm sure convinced you to think computers are a good thing.
How would you like to get an "@ CAPS1" on your social studies report ? What if you couldn't see your school friends after school at all? What if you were bored to death and couldn't watch TV or play games ? Some experts talk about people because they think they are spending too much time using their computer and not enough time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. On your computer: you can watch videos and play games, you can chat and talk to people, and you can even increase your rating. I honestly think the idea of people being too much on their computers is a silly thought @ CAPS2, let's look at how a computer can change your life. Let's say you have a history report the next day, forgot your history book at school, and don't know anything about the report. You will fail if you don't put it back on, so why not turn on your computer and open the internet browser. I remember @ TIME1 year when I was reporting on the @ CAPS4 @ CAPS3. I literally didn't know anything about them and couldn't get my book home. I opened the internet and typed @ CAPS4 @ CAPS3 in @ ORGANIZATION1 and @ DATE1 I found out I had an @ NUM1 on the report. You can also use the computer only to find information about something you might learn in school. "@ TIME1 @ DATE1 I was reading about @ CAPS6 @ CAPS7 and a few days @ DATE1 we talked about how @ CAPS7 could have been done. I was the only student in our class who knew this answer. You can use the computer to play school related games. For example, how fast can you solve all those multiplication or division problems. Look at what computers can do. If you have bad grades (without computer), you will go to a bad college and have a bad job, however, if you have good grades (with a computer), you will go to a good college and get a good job. Next, let's see how you can chat or talk You can have a messaging connection with someone using @ CAPS8 or a free chat using @ ORGANIZATION2 on your computer Studies show that @ PERCENT1 of people with a computer have either @ CAPS8 or @ ORGANIZATION2 inst went to their computer. You can also communicate with people who has an email address. I remember having a problem with my p laptop and my crush knows all about them. So I emailed him and how I get a response and I fixed my laptop. You can interact with people by meeting them online and then in public. Everyone knows these dating sites that match two people and them together. A computer can really change your life. Finally, let's take a look at what you can do on the computer when you are bored. Why do you go to YouTube and watch videos that look relevant and interesting ? "@ CAPS10 i had finished my homework and i didn't know what to do so i am online and i just spend watching youtube videos sometimes people like to play games just @ TIME1 i was playing tetris , but only for @ NUM2 minutes because I needed a good night's sleep before @ CAPS11. You can also listen to the radio on a website. Statistics show that @ PERCENT2 of people who listened to the radio @ CAPS10 were in cars. But @ PERCENT3 is also @ PERCENT4 more than listening to online radio. Not only can a computer increase your grades and improve your life, but it can also entertain you. As you can see, saving them computers is a silly idea and makes absolutely no sense. Computers can and do. Honestly, I have never seen anyone on the computer for.
Dear local @ CAPS1, I think computers don't affect people because I think they actually benefit people and the way people live, computers do more than just play. In some cases, you are helping to gain knowledge. , projects and more. Not just for games. Computers help people do their jobs. For example, if you work as a lawyer, you @ MONTH1 need a computer to enter your documents. If you have a bad pemanship and have a job as a lawyer. You @ MONTH1 need to refer to something in your document and cannot read it, that's a problem. So in this case, that's where the role of the computer comes in. I also think that computers have no effect on people because in school daycare sometimes children need the Internet. Some people do not have the possibility of having a library or there is not one near them. By using the computer for information on a project or assignment, I think it benefits, not effects. I have one more reason why I think computers benefit, no effect. I believe if you have a @ CAPS2 or @ CAPS3 you have the chance to meet people from all over the world. Just by that, you could learn something that you could learn about their way of life and things about their culture. Thanks for reading my letter, I hope you will rethink your decision.
Due to an ongoing battle over whether or not computers benefit society or not, I am writing to give you my opinion on this matter. I think computers have more advantages than disadvantages. I believe it because. First of all, the computer allows online communication. In addition, computers advance and improve learning, it should be mentioned that computers advance employment. As I mentioned, computers enable online communications. Now after reading this there must be a side going through your head to define this online communication well, include liter facebook and twitter social networking sites and don't forget my space. This also includes emails, blogs, and some chat rooms. Okay, that's enough, but how do these inventions improve our lives. These inventions enable long-distance communication by bringing people together. Example @ CAPS1, my uncle lives at @ LOCATION1. And via facebook, my mom can talk to her whenever she wants and about their loved ones. So the online communication @ MONTH1 is very nessary @ CAPS1 even. You can also use email to communicate with others, although it travels slower than other electronic communications. Besides, I mentioned apprenticeship. Computers can enhance learning in a number of ways. Computers enhance learning because they speed up the flow of information to students. They can access such places and a school's websites to learn more about a particular event at the school. Example @ CAPS1, I'm going to my school website to pick up evening homework and read the daily announcements for the next day. Teachers can post helpful homework tips and @ MONTH1 a detailed explanation of the homework. Computers can also enhance learning by participating in research projects @ CAPS1 example a few weeks ago my health class was the information car, our illegal drugs project. So, with the information, made a wide variety of brochures from it.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, Some people @ MONTH1 think computers help our society, but I disagree. People sitting on the computer do not exercise or see beautiful nature. Do you want to get fat sitting next to a metal box? People don't visit friends and family either and that is the most important. The people in your life. Do you want to be the one who sits at computer all day to gain weight or don't you want to be in good physical shape while exercising. The only workout you get on the computer is with your fingers. So you should get rid of your lazy butt and get some good old-fashioned exercise. Yes, computers teach you things, but exercise teaches you things as you train. Who wouldn't want to see the beauty of nature. Yes, you can see nature images on the computer, but it's just a bunch of pixels put together. In the real world, it is quite natural and sometimes more beautiful than on the computer. How does that not sound better than the computer. All the cool and fit people enjoy nature outdoors, so be one of the cool people and go outside and forbid yourself to look at exotic plants and beautiful animals. You can do both with your friends and family while sitting at your computer, you don't see them as much @ PERCENT1 from @ LOCATION1 love their family and friends and I bet you are one of them. Friends and family can also help you get through rough times without them, which knows where you would be in life. So do yourself a favor, get out of the computer and go visit some really great people. It's now or never to leave this computer or your family and friends are going to leave you and you are going to get fat on top of that. Do you want to be that person ? You will also miss out on the beauty of nature. So go, go, go, have fun.
I realized that there had been a disagreement on computers the positive and negative effects on people. It seems to me, in my opinion, that computers have more of a negative effect than a positive effect on people. I believe that people spend too much time on the computer and don't exercise, they don't spend quality time with family and friends, and they need to get some fresh air and enjoy nature. Although computers are a great technology, many do not go out to enjoy nature and the fresh air because their computers are inside their homes. This is not good because when you go out it helps healthy skin with sunlight and lets in fresh air for your lungs. Plus, a walk outside to enjoy nature wouldn't hurt either. It can relieve stress and can be relaxing. Moreover, it is evident that when people are on the computer, they usually block what their friends and family are telling them. People can lose track of time and sit in front of the computer for hours. Instead, you should use this time to be with your friends and family. Being with your family can strengthen your bond and help you get along better. Plus, having a great time with your family is a great way to be with your family. @ NUM1 on @ NUM2 Experts say eating dinner with the family can improve a child's grades and prevent them from using drugs or dropping out of high school or college. Finally, children are more obese than us because they don't exercise enough. At least @ PERCENT1 or more children are obese according to recent studies. Due to this; it can lead to bone and joint problems, heart disease, lung problems, diabetes and asthma. These above problems are serious health problems if left untreated. If children exercise instead of being on a computer all day, the number of obese children will drop dramatically. Excersize can help children's self-esteem and get them back in shape. They can either play sports or walk or run. There are a lot of different things you can do to exercise, and it's fun for the kids. Unquestionably, there are definitely more reasons why there is a negative effect on children / adults due to computers for the above reasons and more. Computers prevent people from taking advantage of nature to get fresh air. Likewise, they also prevent families and friends from spending time together and lastly, it does not allow children to exercise which can lead to obesity.
I agree because computers help people with other things like vacations, jobs, gifts, and shopping. So many uses for the computer. But the creators of the computer fear that people are spending too much time on the computer. These are mainly consumers and users, most of these people complain about not having time with family and friends. You never know if users are looking for vacation trips for their friends and family. The things consumers don't understand is that the computer can teach you a lot of things, history, math, science experiments, and many more. Computers are also used in schools to help students with their work, even teachers use the computer for grades. It is true that people do not go out to get some fresh air or even to walk in the park. They can't stay on the computer for about @ NUM1 hours, that's just crazy. So I would go with both sides. It's just better to enjoy life than to hunt for things that you don't really need. You should only need to keep going like paying the bills and furniture in your home. This is why the computer was invented.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 a world where the unemployment rate is rising dramatically, people cannot communicate or learn as fast, and everyone is stressed. This is what the world would be like if computers were gone. I think computers are more beneficial to society than some people think. They teach us new things and help us with hand-eye coordination. Many jobs are involved with computers, such as an accountant. Computer games and @ CAPS2 help you relax after a hard day. Schools are the backbone of society. They teach children and adolescents how to become successful adults. Computers have greatly contributed to speeding up the teaching process. Teachers can now access grades at a glance. My computer is helping me.
Dear Diary, I just read your recent article on the weather that computers help or assess society. I think it helps because without the internet I can't learn to do things like clean properly. It takes time to learn, but on the internet I learned it quickly. If you do this the wrong way, it could blow up the daring and potentially you. There are many other uses, if you can't find your family counting on you. There are two things you can do, you can panic and let everyone down, you can go online and save. But not all I got was real. The computer affects the way people exercise. I know what you are. but you have. Sufficiently clear. The internet affects the way you exercise. It's pros how to improve and more effectively ways to be healthy. There are also downsides; some of the downsides include hot. All of this can lead to different things like going or. it's not, it's only a bad thing when your. In conclusion, just do the right things and you'll be healthier than ever.
Dear readers @ ORGANIZATION1 on @ LOCATION3, Right now almost everything @ CAPS33 @ CAPS39 revolves around technology, @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3, with @ CAPS10. Change around @ CAPS4 so quickly and without @ CAPS5 @ CAPS39 @ CAPS33 still have time to stop and smell the roasts ? People are no longer on the mat watching the distinguished @ CAPS6 in the fall or @ ORGANIZATION2 or playing @ CAPS7 or baseball, but rather sitting in a chair @ ORGANIZATION2 a video on @ CAPS8 or playing to games like @ CAPS9 or @ CAPS10 @ ORGANIZATION1 @ CAPS11, In @ LOCATION5, health problems have become an epidemic ! Why? Because @ CAPS12 than enjoying the fresh air and open fields @ CAPS13 has to offer @ CAPS33 taking advantage of @ CAPS14 @ NUM1 or our @ ORGANIZATION4 @ CAPS15 @ CAPS16 ! As @ CAPS40 @ LOCATION5 @ CAPS21 @ DATE1 changed from @ NUM2 @ CAPS19 (@ LOCATION1, @ LOCATION2) @ LOCATION6, @ LOCATION4, @ ORGANIZATION4- @ CAPS17 and @ CAPS18) having a @ PERCENT2 @ CAPS35 for obesity to @ CAPS29 @ NUM3 @ CAPS19 with a @ PERCENT1 @ CAPS35 ! It's more @ PERCENT3 @ ORGANIZATION1 @ LOCATION5 ! What other rate is going @ CAPS20 growing @ CAPS21 they @ DATE1? The number of @ ORGANIZATION1 households that own computers and they rate @ CAPS35 that each household has ! Dr. @ DR1 @ CAPS22 @ CAPS23 a @ CAPS24 in they @ ORGANIZATION4 Your @ CAPS25 @ CAPS26, he found out that in their last @ NUM4 @ CAPS27 they number @ ORGANIZATION1 type @ NUM5 diabetics almost doubled ! @ PERSON1 ahead of @ ORGANIZATION6 (@ ORGANIZATION1) @ CAPS28 an article for @ ORGANIZATION3. In his article he exclaimed that "@ CAPS29 @ PERCENT4 @ ORGANIZATION1 @ CAPS30 @ ORGANIZATION4 owns more than one computer per house - here! @ CAPS14, @ CAPS15 and @ ORGANIZATION5 are all doing very well in this economic crisis, while sporting goods, books, and exercise equipment do the good job. @ CAPS33 at @ ORGANIZATION6 see this as a primary cause of the growing lack of @ CAPS32 @ ORGANIZATION1 exercise and increased time spent on personal computers Equally important is how all this time spent on computers is done children, "@ CAPS33 @ CAPS34 on @ CAPS35 @ NUM5 1 / @ NUM5 having a day on computer." @ CAPS36 as @ PERSON2, a writer for @ ORGANIZATION4. It's become a parent that kids are @ CAPS34 in less time playing sports and more time out there "amazing laptop @ ORGANIZATION4 @ CAPS15" playing video games ! I'm @ NUM8 , I played @ CAPS7 at @ LOCATION3 for @NUM 9 @ CAPS27 ! @ CAPS21 I was @ NUM10. The travel team @ LOCATION3 there were so many people trying it hard to get along, @ CAPS38 so not many people playing it for hardly need to try! When I grow up @ CAPS20 I will probably end up working somewhere for big companies like Google teachings so I will probably be working on a computer so for @ CAPS38 I want to enjoy being a kid ! he shouldn't let kids waste them on video games, they will waste enough @ ORGANIZATION1 he lives behind a computer later in life. @ CAPS33 talks about health @ ORGANIZATION1 this @ CAPS40! Americus futer, kids @ ORGANIZATION1 tomorrow, @ CAPS39 @ CAPS33 want a @ CAPS40 where everyone has diabetes and is training on computers? Thanks to @ CAPS10 around @ CAPS4 @ MONTH1, the change @ CAPS33 must keep one thing the same, no matter how difficult it is. That is, @ CAPS33 must @ CAPS41 @ CAPS20 and help keep @ CAPS10 in good condition and @ CAPS33 cannot @ CAPS39 this behind a computer screen. Thank you for your time.
Dear @ PERSON1, I am on the computer side. You @ MONTH1 think I'm saying this only because I'm @ NUM1 and that's basically what I do for fun. Computers benefit society because they are fun, a source of communication, good for school and education, and for work. The computers are not only the @ CAPS1 but also the processor @ CAPS6 and @ ORGANIZATION1 and everything in between. Computers provide games for everyone, from @ NUM2 to @ NUM3. When it rains outside your parents are at work and you are alone and you have nothing to do, turn on the computer. Play a game. There are many fun websites designed for everyone. Computers are also an excellent source of communication. There are all kinds of @ CAPS2-mail. @ CAPS5, @ ORGANIZATION4, @ CAPS3, @ CAPS4 and many other sites are great for talking to friends. Not everyone has a cell phone so when you talk to them through @ CAPS5 or any of the others it's nice to chat. Computers are an excellent source of education. If you are doing a story project and need more information and photos, log onto a computer and @ ORGANIZATION3 on it. In our school, we have edline which tells us all our homework. It is extremely practical. Now they also have online school tutors. That's great. Computers are great for work. @ ORGANIZATION3, @ CAPS6, @ ORGANIZATION1, @ ORGANIZATION5 and other clothing @ ORGANIZATION2 or other companies. You can find your information and do something with it. It is very, very useful for business people. As you can see, there are many great uses for computers. I think computers affect people in a positive way by helping them in a positive way. Computers allow for fun, communication, educational and professional uses. Computers are a good thing to have around, @ CAPS7 don't you think?
Dear @ LOCATION1, little man, people are complaining. They complain about how computers interfere with their families and their lives. But he teaches new things to adults and children. Being on the computer is an experience. You can almost search anything on the computer. You can learn history or about the present tense. Like once I was looking (@ CAPS1.com) how to fix a playstation @ NUM1 controller. I figured out how and it worked. While on the computer, you can interact with your friends, learn about the weather, and find out if you have any homework. The computer also teaches you to do different things. Like this time, I learned to do a hardflip. The computer can also help you with your homework. For example, if you have science homework and you are trying to understand a word, you can search for it. Or if you are looking for a book for @ LOCATION2, you can search websites for good books or ask a friend. The computer helps many different people in different ways. And you know how people say computers are bad. If you have a gaming system television, it's like having a computer, isn't it ? But don't go and kill yourself looking for a cheap one. But I suggest everyone should have a computer, they are useful and fun.
Almost everyone at @ LOCATION1 uses a computer at some point in their life. Computers are a means of teaching hand-eye coordination using programs, games, and typing. The internet can be used to research different distant cultures as well as someone's way of life. This compact and well-designed technology is increasingly complex. By realizing how much computers help in everyday life, people will be the downfall or support of computer technology in the future. A very basic but obvious result of using a computer is hand-eye coordination. Since the children are in elementary school, they learn to type on a keyboard. Special programs help children learn the necessary skills while enjoying the practice. When I was little, a simple struggle for years, I remember typing. I was still excited when my mom and I went to Barnes and Noble to take on a new typing program. I especially enjoyed "typing to learn" and @ CAPS1 typing lessons, as well as teaching kids to type is general, teaches hand-eye coordination in high school, college, and the workplace. Young adults and adults are expected to type papers, resumes and applications. Nowadays the age of technology has started and typing is a necessity. Another way to teach hand-eye coordination is computer games. A simple challenge like solitaire, bejewled or car racing teaches skill and much more advanced games, for example, World of War Craft needs perfect coordination through typing and games, both on the computer. While some experts worry that “ people are spending too much time on the computer and less time… enjoying nature, ” you can learn more about geography, travel, and nature. One incredible thing about a computer is the World Wide Web. It consists of millions of websites, pages, search engines and information that you use in an upcoming geography ? Planning a trip and need to find a definition of the word " cognitive " ? from @ CAPS1 is about you, a legitimate website is hosting you, and all you have to do is search. Instead of having to travel to experience special wonders because travel prices are expensive and you can just click and type and amazing when you search on a computer, you can learn about the cultures and rituals of long ago. Information you would find in the museum NUM1 years ago. @ CAPS1 complex easy to use technological a world of simple images, art and history at your fingertips.
Did you know that four out of five households own a computer? But why so much? This is because computers have a positive effect on people. Have you ever thought about why? With computers, you can contact people in different parts of @ CAPS1. You can search for various information on the Internet. Computers also benefit other electronic inventions. What do @ LOCATION5, @ LOCATION2, @ LOCATION6 and @ LOCATION7 have in common ? you can contact the people there with computers! by chatting with people around @ CAPS1 you can learn something about a culture or way of life that you did not know before. You might just make a new friend along the way. Imagine, if you will, a hard working businessman who lives at @ LOCATION1. He works for a famous company @ CAPS1 and has to go to a meeting with the big boss @ LOCATION4. Wouldn't it be easier to set up a video chat ? This way, there is no hassle with air travel and it is much easier. Why do you think it's called @ CAPS1- @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 ? On the Internet, you can search for unlimited amounts of information. Animals, sports, a report to do on @ LOCATION3, where to go to find information easy to read instantly? Look for it on @ ORGANIZATION1 or @ ORGANIZATION2. You never know what you might find out. There are new additions every day. Without a computer, how would you download music to an @ NUM1 ? You can't, you have to use a computer. Computers benefit from many other electronic equipment. You can download videos, print photos, and upload @ CAPS4 and other electronic devices. The technology these days is awesome. It gave birth to the widely used computer. Computers have a significant positive effect on our way of life. Contacting others around @ CAPS1 is now easier than ever. Information can be found instantly. And with computers, other electronic devices can also work.
Dear @ LOCATION1, @ CAPS1, do you think people are spending way too much on computers ? In a @ PERCENT1 poll on @ NUM1 people prefer to go on the computer then walk around as parts. People who spend a lot of time on computers miss out on important things. For example, they spend so much time on the computer that they waste it exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with friends and family. Computers have a negative effect on people. Many people don't exercise for only @ NUM2 min. But when you get distracted on your computer playing or facebooking you forget to excise or do it for @ NUM3 min. Because you want to go back to the computer. Computers on your desk watch you and sample you to continue. Meanwhile, the yoga mat or weights are sitting on the floor staring at you as well. However, computers are more fun and less disturbing. Therefore, you are more willing to use the computer than to cut. Computers allow you to get rid of yourself because you think less about how to proceed and take the time to think about a computer game, you've played Facebook, emailed, and more stuff on the computer. Computers are therefore unhealthy for people. The nature is beautiful, the way the trees sway and the butterflies fly in the air, so there are all kinds of seasons with beautiful serenity and. However, there's a stuffy room with bookshelves, a desk, and a photo that's the serey people have when @ MONS1 is on the computer all the time. People miss out on enjoying nature, young and old. People are not walking on the beach taking a long hike in the woods. Papa does not wander through an archway. Instead, they're sitting in a chair with a computer screen on it. However, could it be compared to enjoying the beauty of nature? Computers test people who enjoy nature. Spending time with family friends is a fun thing for @ CAPS1, but how are you supposed to hang out with them if you're in front of the computer ? They don't go online with their friends or family. It might affect their future they might grow up sad and alone don't know how to behave with people they get jobs their work around people. People who are addicted to computers miss out on doing something fun with someone they lose or enjoy hanging out with. Computers could be distant friends, but how about calling that friend instead. They're probably hearing a lot more then. View a post to keep computers interesting with friends and family. Now that you know how computers have affected people, you can understand why I follow computers. They cut off excretion in peoples, and have people who do not take advantage of nature. people want to hang out with friends and families. So I hope you can see what a bad effect computers have.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 do you like a place where you can control what you @ CAPS1 and where you go? I know I @ CAPS1. Well if you are free with me then the computer is your cup of tea. I think computers have a positive effect on society. I think this for @ NUM1 main reasons @ CAPS2 along with others, getting constant updates on what's going on and a learning tool are just a few of the fascinating things about the computer. So read on, I know you will think the same as me about computers given my knowledge below. The computer captures the attention of more than @ NUM2 million humans with online social networks facebook, myspace and @ CAPS3 being the main attractions. In all these websites you can keep up with what's happening with your friends and what's new in the world. These online social networks connect you and the people around you to a crazy online adventure. All of these websites provide the information people want and plug it back in every day. I think these sites are great and can only make the company better. This is my first advantage of a computer. Another aspect that the computer provides is world news and the great events and dramas that are happening in our society. Many news channels have their own websites and update what happened on their show. They provide real pictures, stories and videos of what's going on right now. The computer helps us Americans to know what is going on in @ LOCATION1 and allows @ LOCATION1 to know what is going on in @ LOCATION1 and @ CAPS4.S are not the only ones through computers providing news international and gossip for everyone. Here is another reason why the computer is great for the company. There is a lot that we kids don't know and if we need any in-depth information we look for it on the computer. The computer provides websites giving information whenever you could think of. For example, if I were to get stuck on science homework, I could probably type my question on ask.com and get a great answer. Parents and teachers want their children to be successful and the computer certainly helps. In conclusion, I have given you @ NUM1 some good, well thought out reasons why the computer benefits society. @ CAPS2 along with others, worldwide updates and school information are all in a great technology called the computer. Hope you will trust me that the computer has a positive effect on society.
Dear local newspaper, I believe that computers help our society for many reasons. For example, we can talk to friends online. Not only that, but you can learn a lot more about the gaits you want to visit. It is also true that you can gain more attention with these nifty devices. Read on to find out how you can talk to friends on the computer. You can talk to your friends on the computer through any of the most popular Facebook websites. @ NUM1 people use Facebook, it's @ PERCENT1 ! Not only that, but you can also meet new friends on the computer by talking about games or the popular @ CAPS1.V. shows. Would @ CAPS1 be nice to meet up with all your old school friends you've never seen @ CAPS1. My mom always says that's how she stays close to her friends and it's the same with me. Do you want to explore faraway lands without breaking the bank? If you do, you should definitely look for some good websites that explain the culture and other details about other parts of the world. It is also true that you can learn a quick history lesson on some web pages. What if you go on a trip but @ CAPS1 doesn't know if you can use the beloved internet. Read on to find out how the internet helps to harmonize the hands and eyes. You can achieve hand-eye cording using the computer in so many ways. For example, you can practice typing essays and other work projects. @ PERCENT2 people with accounts that type faster than they write. It's almost everyone. Not only that, but ne @ CAPS1 do you think typing is faster than writing ? Also, you see the words you type and you press with your hands. Thanks for reading my essay on Why Computers Benefit Our Society. Remember, we learn more every day from computers. You can also talk to a friend. Finally, you can plan your trip.
Dear @ CAPS1, the computers that are used have a positive effect on people. For example, there is better communication with friends and family, you get instant news on any topic, and you get advanced training. Imagine if no major business tried to contact you by cell phone, but you missed the call. No problem, the person does not contact you by a simple email. Computers are also a positive effect because if you have facebook or other interactive websites you know all the time what is going on in your friends' lives without having to join them all to see how they are doing. Each adult watches the news the night before bed to see what has @ CAPS2, and if you went to bed early. How would you know what happened? This is when you would go online and check out what you missed, you could have missed what happened in @ LOCATION2 and @ LOCATION3, or missed the wars against @ LOCATION1, or even tragedies. that happened right next to you. Not only will you have better communication and news at your fingertips, but you will also have advanced training. If a student is doing a science project, but the work does not contain all the information, the Internet may be a way to extend education. In addition, there are and many more. Therefore, computers have a positive effect on people, you can keep in touch, be informed of the latest news and have advanced training.
Dear Local Newspaper, This document is going to be about why computers are bad. First, computers are bad because people wouldn't have time to enjoy nature when it is nice and hot. The second reason is that they won't be spending time with family or friends at all and the only time they would ever leave the computer would be to foot the bill and buy a game for the computer. The third reason is how are they going to get a job because they wouldn't want to get up to look for a job because they are having a lot of fun until they turn off the light and then he would do stupid things to pay is good, he can start playing again and that will make him do it again and again. This is why it is bad to have a computer. But now where do people go in life because some people like to play computer games and some don't, that's why some computers are bad for some people. And this is only my opinion, there are a lot more people who might think so. And thank you for taking the time to read this.
The reason I think computers are good is because people like to do their jobs, or kids like games on computers. The second reason is that adults like to do their jobs online. Finally, people who have computers are probably happy because computers are a good thing to have because you can do anything on them. My opinion is that computers are good for people because you can do everything like play games, go to myspace, facebook, tweet and lots of other websites.
In my opinion, computers are not all bad for people, computers can also be good for people. For example, the computer allows people to communicate in seconds. Around the well, and computers open up new information to anyone. But a major plus is that people spend so much time on the computer that they don't exercise at all. First, computers are a good thing because they allow news and disabilities to reach all over the world in seconds. Very recently, during the war in @ LOCATION1, journalists were not allowed to enter towns where a user uses combat. Every day, social messaging sites like @ CAPS1 and @ CAPS2 brought news to the world via videos and images from cellphones that would not have been seen by the world without computers and the Internet. Second, computers allow people to learn about the sun in a matter of minutes. For example, if you need information about the country of the country, you can find it with a computer. If you need a recipe for a desert @ CAPS3, search for it with a computer. If you want to know what the weather will be like, you can search for it with a computer. With a computer, knowledge of the world can be found by anyone. Finally, the main argument against it is that people don't exercise enough because they are always on the computer. People's computers say people will do it because a computer that will give them life, these arguments can be overwhelming heavy computer users get enough exercise information the argument In conclusion, computers are not not completely good or completely bad for society. Their strengths are communication and the ability to acquire knowledge quickly. The main drawback is that a minority of computer users do not exercise enough. It is my opinion that computers are good for and the press definitely surpasses care.
Dear local newspaper, I realize that more and more people are using computers every day. I think computers have a positive effect on adults and their children. Calculations help us by giving information about things in other countries, states and cities. It can also help children with school homework. The last thing is that it helps you connect with friends and family members who live at a distance where you can't see them. Computers give information about the most recent and recent things that are happening in other cities, countries and states. If you needed to find out something that happened about @ NUM1 or more years ago, you would see it @ CAPS1 on @ CAPS1.V., You would be able to find it on the internet. Without the Internet, you would have @ CAPS1 found what you were looking for. Another thing that computers are very useful for is helping children with homework and homework. If your work is typed, your work is sharper and more understandable. I can understand why some parents wouldn't want their kids to do their homework on the computer. They can start doing something else or get answers for something they can do without a computer. But by using the computer with homework and homework, you will be able to ensure that your work is correct. Finally, computers can help you correct with your friends and family members. If you have friends and family you want to reconnect with, the computer can help you find information about their whereabouts. That @ MONTH1 is no good for people who try to stalk or abuse someone. But in other cases, such as being united with the family, it can be very useful. This can allow families to stay in touch and have close friends. What are some of your feelings about computers. Some people @ MONTH1 don't like them, but they have good reasons. More family time can be, but I think you can take time for the computer and other things like family time and exercise. Well, my time is up here. Hope you liked what I said here and have a passion for computers.
I agree that computers have a lot of effects on people, for example their eyes, their body, their mind. First your eyes if you stand next to the computer too close, your eyes are affected by the computer screen and you @ MONTH1 lose your eyes and then you will not be able to see or read or do much. fun staff like playing the way you want. near the computer or not. Second, your body if you stay on the computer for a whole day and don't exercise, you will get fat, in other words, your body will get fat and you won't be able to run and do a lot of things. computer for the whole day or not. Third, if you are watching on your computer like a video or playing a new game and you mind only thinking about that, then when you go to school you will only think about that and you will forget everything what you wanted to do. to you think because of it. Fanilly, I tell everyone not to spend too much time on the computer and exercise and the fun side, work on your homework and do your homework and exercise and I want everyone to have a good life.
Dear local newspaper, have computers ever hurt anyone? I believe that the effects of computers on people are positive. On the one hand, computers allow people to talk and socialize, even though they are on different sides of the planet. Another effect they have is allowing people to work faster in companies and other jobs that require math. Finally, computers allow people to see distant places and learn almost anything with one click. Thanks to the Internet, people all over the world can talk to each other as if they were neighbors. Let's say a friend or family had to move to another country or state. They can be separated for months or even years. They would constantly miss each other. But with computers, they can talk to each other as if they were still neighbors. Computers also have more "practical" uses. They make it easier to see their inventory, income and even see sales trends. Let's say you had to change the price of your goods, but your car broke down and the incorrect price was miles away. You'd have to wait halfway for a mechanic or run for miles to get to a phone. But with a computer, you wouldn't need to do all of that. Just log in and change the price of the luxury of your own home. There are also educational purposes for computers. Computers allow you to travel the world without taking a step. You can take a trip through the safari or go on an adventure in the raln forest. You can admire the beauty of the great plains or watch the ever-changing sands of the Sahara Desert. You could learn more about the Greeks, Archemedes, Ancient Egypt or Pacman, with a computer, the world is your oyster. This is why I consider computers to be something amazing. Because they let us do things our minds usually can't because they allow people to travel across the world in seconds, and because they allow people in distant oceans to talk together. So think, are computers really dangerous?
My oponion is that computers should be used for many different purposes. One of the reasons is to chat online with your friends and family. Another reason is if you are going far and know someone who can show you where you are going, you can chat with them while they show you where they are showing you where you are going. Another reason is if you have relatives who don't live with you and you can't go to them, you can chat with them. Another rwson is to go somewhere and you don't know the weather for the next day so you can go online and find out what the weather is like that day. Also, if people really want to exercise, they can go to their computer and go to youtube and exercise from their computer. Also, if you want to see the @ CAPS1, you can search for it on your computer to see what's going on. Finally, if you think it's not a ritual for people to have computers, you should try to get one to see how many things you can do with them. You will be amazed. This is my reason why people should have computers to have fun while chatting, watching @ CAPS1 and a lot of other things you probably can't imagine. Also, maybe kids shouldn't have computers, but they can have one when they get older. Moreover, if children need to search in school, they can do it too, there are many reasons why people should get computers. This is my opinion on why people should have computers.
Dear local newspaper, I am here to tell you the negative effect on people due to computer use. How would you react if you didn't have the time to exercise, enjoy nature, or spend time with family and friends ? Well, some people don't notice that they waste time doing these kinds of things because of using the computer. No time to exercise? What does it mean? I can see these questions fly through the minds of great people. No time to exercise means exactly what it sounds like, that is, people are wasting their time on the computer every day playing games, chatting with people, etc. They can't do what they really want to do, which is exercise most of the time. What about nature? Are you a person who loves to enjoy nature? I know I do. Since time flies when people are on the computer, which they sometimes don't realize, they would probably think that I have never been able to go outside to walk in the forest and enjoy nature. Well @ CAPS1 will sometimes, but the truth is when people say things like that it doesn't help motivate themselves, it is basically saying that I will go for a nature walk tomorrow and if that doesn't happen, I'll just have to do it the next day. Chances are, the person who says they won't go for a walk will think that everything will be fine and will continue to do so. What happened to spending time with family and friends ? Oh I know, I know, all of family and friends' time has been wasted being on the computer. people don't realize that since their time is wasted in the computer and they don't even have time to sit down to talk to family, have fun, hang out with friends to watch a movie or something. As you heard more and more people are using computers which I think has a negative effect on them because they don't have time to exercise, enjoy nature , talk to their family and friends, etc. All the time spent on the computer is replacing the time spent on this stuff, and that's not a good thing. Computers have a negative effect on people and I say we should find a way to reduce computing time.
Dear local @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, I would not use computers because it benefits our society. It helps to know more about the countries of the world and what is going on. For example, if you don't want to talk about sports, you can just type in the name. A computer can also help you with your studies. If you were working on an assignment and needed help, you can just use the computer. It is also very beneficial because the students can have a lot of fun playing games on the computer, for example as if it is a cold and rainy day and there is nothing to do, a child can be entertained by going on the computer. It is also a good way to communicate with your friends. For example, facebook, @ CAPS3, twitter and email one are good sources of communication. It is also good that if you have an xbox or a @ NUM1 you need a computer, you need to connect a card to your computer so that you can play online with your friend. It's good to have computers in school. If teachers want some students to visit a website to learn something, this is a very useful source. It is also a good source because at school, if you are working on this big project, a computer can help you do that. Hope these are all good reasons to have a computer in our company, and it will benefit us in different ways.
More and more people tend to use the computer rather than going out to enjoy the good weather, and I think people should spend less time on the computer and more time interacting with anyone. . People spend most of their time talking to people on any website / playing games online. I think it's a bad habit, people of all ages spend their time doing this when they can do something fun, but choose not to. Parents should be responsible for keeping their children in front of the computer all day and be careful what they are doing because it is dangerous. There have been a lot of people who have been hired. Raped on websites like @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, and many other dangerous websites. Besides, I would say kids and adults talk to strangers and think they know these people so well, meet them somewhere and get killed or whatever because a lot of people lie as they get older. And who knows that person can be a fifty year old woman or a man. Say they are a teenager and eventually find you. This is why parents should not let their children be on time and should be. While you are reading this I hope you understand why this is wrong and accept my suggestion and help us young children to (thank you)
To: @ CAPS1 this letter is about, computers are part of our everyday life. You can do a lot of things on it like play games, watch videos, search the web, and even communicate with people around the world. They are very useful for people who are going to school because you can finish and save work for your classes. Sure, some people might be addicted to the computer, but others only use it when they need it. Computers have a huge effect on the lives of some people. Sitting in front of the computer all day can be harmful but enlightening in many ways. One of the ways of information is that you learn new information every time you log in. That's why I think the computer has such a big effect on people.
More of @ PERCENT1 from @ ORGANIZATION1 has at least one computer in their home. Computers benefit society because they help the earth and are a quick way to disseminate important information. You can also talk with your friends and family on computers. We were told that some people think they are spending too much time on the computer. Yes, but we need these machines to survive. News @ CAPS1 responded and said "over half of @ LOCATION1 schools are now using computers for homework and saving paper." @ CAPS3 we start using computers to do things we use paper for because we would save millions of trees. For example, you can send email instead of postal mail, the mail will go faster and save paper ! People who care about the earth set up websites on the computer to let people know how @ CAPS2 just to see each other they can email and talk whatever they want. Also @ CAPS3 you like to use your cell phone a lot, the waves kill about @ NUM1 bees per year. @ CAPS3 you chatted with your friends it would save bee lives. The first day of snow my parents forgot to check the school website and I was in the snow @ CAPS3 we did not make any computers it would happen to all the little students a snow @ NUM2 @ CAPS3 there was a storm and you. I went out this is another place you can check to get the weather forecast and keep your family safe. @ CAPS3 there was a hurricane and power like birthdays and weddings, your computer has a calendar that shows you where you write something on it. The citizens of @ ORGANIZATION1 spend more than @ MONEY1 per year on telephone bills. You can talk to your friends and family on the computer and save thousands of dollars. When parents don't have phones, they rely on computers to communicate with people. Have your peers ever had a friend who leaves and your peers spend hours with them? Well, they can talk and see each other during the video chat and they'll feel like they're always there. It's now or never the citizens of Newtown ! You know computers, help the earth pass information quickly, and they let you talk and see your friends online. So get up and write to our local newspaper telling them why computers benefit our society.
Dear local newspaper, did you know that approximately @ PERCENT1 of the @ LOCATION1 people have computers and use them on a daily basis. I am one of those people and I don't understand how people say computers are destroying our country, yes I know we spend a little less time with family and friends but computers help to monitor the weather and natural disasters like tornadoes and hurricanes, they give us the chance to see faraway places and learn more about the world and we can talk with other people. Computers are very important in our world because we can monitor @ CAPS1 natural such as tornadoes, hurricanes and earthquakes without this technology on @ PERCENT2 more people will die from these @ CAPS1 without computers because they will be less or not warned of the situation. More @ PERCENT3 of @ CAPS2.S children go to school and with computers children have a better chance to learn outside of the world and out of society. Kids need to know what's going on in the world, or you could be an adult just browsing the web for information. What I mean is tons of people all over the world learning from computers. My last reason is to teach the kids to type and have hand-eye coordination when the kids get older and when we get @ CAPS3 they will need to learn to type. So there's a good chance that if you can't type, you won't get very far, but there in the real world. To conclude my statement, I will review my three reasons why we first need computers to track natural disasters. Second, learn about faraway places and about our society. Third, teach kids hand-eye coordination and type so they can get @ CAPS3. This is why the @ CAPS2.S really needs computers.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3, I understand that more and more people are using computers, and it can have a good and a bad side. Do you go on the computer for hours every day? It could be bad. I think computers are a good thing, but only if they are used correctly. I hope when I am done you will see where I came from on this topic. Everyone is on the computer these days. The problem is, a lot of people are going too far. They say they work on hand-eye coordination, but in reality they are wasting their life on a chair. They don't communicate as much with the rest of the house and that doesn't make a big, happy family. They say they are getting important information, but in truth, they might just be getting bogus information and viruses. The wrong people are out there, and you could hack your computer and ruin your day. Things like @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5 and @ CAPS6 might have people wanting to know everything about you so they can hurt you. Yes, being on the computer definitely has a downside. But there is also a silver lining. That is, as long as you're not too sure. It improves hand-eye coordination, if you play the right games. And it can also teach you things. Many websites have real information about a place or things, so you don't have to see them to find out more. You can be of help. It is also an easy way to purchase items. You can just order them. Most importantly, you can have fun. So what's your side on this argument? Do you think too many people are on the computer. Or do you think computers can be great, as long as you're careful? For my part, I choose the last. And you?
Studies show that @ PERCENT1 of people addicted to computers are not in good shape and do not exercise. I have a computer at home and I know how fun it is to talk to your friends on @ CAPS1 or whatever your friends are talking about. If you are not in shape and appreciate the beauty of nature, you will not know how to live a good life. I'm not saying you're not going anywhere in life, but it won't be very interesting. I play a lot of sports and love them all. I'm in good shape and yes I like going to @ CAPS1 and chatting with my friends, but it's not as important as getting some fresh air and playing sports with your friends. Yes, the computer has all kinds of bad stuff and good stuff. I mean you could learn about faraway places without going there, but then what would be the fun of that. For example, if you go to @ LOCATION1 to snowboard, don't you feel good when you go down that @ CAPS3 ? I know I am doing it instead of being at home on the computer. Nature is beautiful, I thank God for giving us this beauty and all the animals. It makes life better, Georges. I love to hike with my family on a @ CAPS3. That fresh air that you can't get anywhere else or even by riding your @ CAPS5 on a trail, the beauty of it is amazing, you can't find it anywhere else. Doctors show that @ PERCENT2 of people who spend more than @ NUM1 hours a day on a computer wear glasses or have very poor vision. All these people didn't want bad vision but because of the computer they got this really stinky. Now, as you can see, computers can really change your life. So it's your decision. Choose evil from good, it's all up to YOU. Now do it.
I think computers are very valuable and help a lot of people. price of clothing and other items. They are also good because they help you communicate with your friends and help people do to do projects with friends. However, some people should limit themselves to things like Facebook and Twitter, some people spend too much time on these things and should limit themselves to just @ NUM1 minutes per day on these sites. One of the reasons I think computers are good is that some students might not have the answer to something on their homework and might use the computer to find the answers. Another reason why the computer can be very valuable for all students is that say a student has a quiz on mitusis and cells in science the next day and doesn't really understand it, he could use the computer to learn more and pass the quiz. Another reason the computer is good for people is that it helps them communicate with their friends. Some children are not and are not good at interacting with people in person. But these social media sites help them come out of their shell and make them a little less shy and make more friends. However, like I said earlier, some get carried away and spend too much time doing this stuff and should limit themselves to just @ NUM1 minutes a day on these social media sites. Some people use their computers for other important things like shopping for things and getting directions and addresses. If someone wants to go to a store in another city but don't know where they are, they can find the address and then find the directions for that location, some people also use the computer to buy things like groceries and clothing. Sometimes people save money because they buy something online rather than going to a store and paying more money. As you can see, the computer has a lot of positives. Therefore, I encourage you to support computers because they are so useful and valuable.
Dear local newspaper, In my opinion, I feel like a lot of people are spending too much time on @ ORGANIZATION1. People become obedient because there is no complete exercise. Children go to @ ORGANIZATION1 instead of doing their homework. Maybe a family member is dying and you'd rather spend time on @ ORGANIZATION1 than with that family member. all of these things are happening because of the computers that everyone has. This cannot be true! That more than @ PERCENT1 of New @ CAPS1 people say they put on a lot of weight and become obedient. I asked them what they thought was happening. Someone by the name of @ PERSON1 has stated that the reason is because computers are taking over people's lives. Computers are the economy of the people they touch the most in life. Me, as a kid, an @ ORGANIZATION1 throws me out of my homework. I used to have A's and B's on my report card only. Right now it has turned into @ CAPS2 and @ ORGANIZATION1 is changing my life drastically but not in a good way. As you know, your child might be doing the same horrible things that I am. You should start checking your homework instead of just doing it at @ ORGANIZATION1 and forgetting everything I've done in my professional life. Try and prove this. run down your face and feel disappointed in yourself. The one you love far beyond you and you haven't even spent time with him or her. Wanse again the thing called @ ORGANIZATION1 did it. The disigen you made because of @ ORGANIZATION1 would and will scare you for life. We, the people who have computers, will find that they were never designed for a good reason, just to dispel what we do and how we spend time with family and friends. Turn your head and say no to the one thing that would make you look ridiculous. How do you feel? I feel bad because I let something so small ruin my life. You still have time to change your life and say no to computers. They could cause you to become obese because you are not exercising. The one you love might be messing up because of the @ ORGANIZATION1 you have in your house. The worst part is that you haven't been able to spend time with the member of your family you love the most. The computers that we have are missing from your life, we are not. Just say no to computers and live your life the best possible way. Don't you feel bad that you let something so little ruin your life !?!
Dear local newspaper, The effects of computers on people are what people think and it is not good because they have less time to exercise, enjoy nature and interact with their families and their families. friends. First of all, having less time to exercise isn't good because @ NUM1 people on @ NUM2 are battling obesity. “You don't want to be one of those people who trust me,” @ PERSON1 said. Secondly, enjoying nature is a good thing to do instead of playing with a computer, because you get your daily dose of air by enjoying nature. “ You're having a lot of fun too, ” @ LOCATION1 said. Finally, interacting with family and friends is fun and who doesn't like it. “ Spending time with the family is fun because you can get around, ” @ PERSON3 said. “Who doesn't like to go out and hang out with friends on the weekends,” @ PERSON2 said. These are my reasons why the effects of computers on people are not good.
Dear @ CAPS1 and readers @ ORGANIZATION1 the @ ORGANIZATION3 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3, @ CAPS4 a modern world taken back in time at @ NUM1 drive your car fast to do groceries but have to drive for hours just to buy milk. Entertainment is boring and it is difficult to receive books to learn. Ending the use of @ ORGANIZATION1 such as @ ORGANIZATION1 technology such as computers would surely be the first step in sending us back to such barbaric times ! Computers present employment opportunities, educational opportunities, and a way to communicate with others ! I encourage you to keep using computers, because without computers our modern civilization would be lost! First, it is important to note, during our economic crisis, that developing and manufacturing @ ORGANIZATION1 computers creates thousands of @ ORGANIZATION1 jobs ! Indeed, every year @ NUM2 @ ORGANIZATION3 jobs are created in the @ CAPS5.S alone in accordance with the development of @ ORGANIZATION1 computers! @ CAPS14 customers who buy these products had to stop losing them, these jobs would be lost and any progress we made in the economic crisis would surely fall ! Do you, the righteous people @ ORGANIZATION1 our nation, wish to be responsible for such a catastrophe ! Recently @ ORGANIZATION3 stated in the cover page article that “without the development of @ ORGANIZATION1 computers in technology in @ DATE2, @ DATE3 more people would be out of work in @ LOCATION4A!” @ CAPS6, with none doubt many educational opportunities woulf be lost for your children @ CAPS14 you had to stop using computers ! Computers are the easiest way to research and collect information. "@ CAPS7 @ PERSON1, the best education provider in history @ ORGANIZATION1. A group @ ORGANIZATION1 of bright young teachers led by @ PERSON3 implemented a program at @ ORGANIZATION1 using computers. This program allows students to see the interesting way @ ORGANIZATION1 of the world's cultures in videos ! For your visual keen kids, this is a much better way to learn @ ORGANIZATION1 than using books ! In fact, @ PERSON2 , @ CAPS14 Superintendent of @ LOCATION1 Schools, recently told this journal, @ ORGANIZATION3 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3, that he plans to implement the program in all @ LOCATION1 schools during the @ NUM3 year ! He needs your support from the city to make this idea a reality. @ PERSON2 @ CAPS11 to develop learning using computers ! " @ CAPS12, communication is a vital part @ ORGANIZATION1 using computers. In fact, the Internet, accessible only through a computer, offers the fastest means of communication @ ORGANIZATION1 other than the telephone ! "@ CAPS13, @ CAPS7 IT specialist for @ ORGANIZATION2," Computers always offer more than phones! Not only can one converse via the Internet, but they can also chat on the Web, exchange files and important data, and market and sell items to customers! "@ CAPS14 you stop using computers, you deprive yourself of this wonderful way of communicating @ ORGANIZATION1! My sister lives at @ LOCATION3, and suddenly I can barely see her or even speak to her. Then when my my m 'bought a laptop, we were able to talk to each other again. Sge helps solve all of @ ORGANIZATION1's personal problems and without this way @ ORGANIZATION1 talking with his world is lost. Now @ CAPS4 a modern and civilized world . You parents go to work while your child goes to @ ORGANIZATION1 and enters the wonderful computer learning center @ ORGANIZATION1. In @ LOCATION2 your favorite sister is currently writing you an email. This fantasy is possible @ CAPS14 you keep using computers! They present jobs, educational opportunities and communication medium @ ORGANIZATION1 ! You don't have to use them all the time, always enjoy nature and fun with ec your friends, dear readers, but don't forget the computers ! Using the computer will keep you in the @ DATE1 !
Dear local newspaper, I believe that computers can have a detrimental effect on people from an early age. From thirteen years old and up to adulthood. People spend hours on the computer when they can exercise or do some activity outdoors. Computers can make some people feel like their life has been taken from them. Spending so much time on a computer can really damage a person's posture. It is said that when some get on a computer a state of comfort invades them and they lean over with their backs bent over and they stay there for periods of time. Imagine a person cramped in a tight space for eight hours and when that person comes out all of their joints and muscles are stretched from that point of tension. This is what we do to our bodies when we use computers.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, I think computers benefit society in a positive way. Without computers, we wouldn't be able to be so social. We would also not have the ability to do research for the school online and running a business would be even more difficult. Without computers our society would not be so advanced. Being social is an important quality of life. the main way to be social these days other than texting is chatting online with friends. Facebook, @ CAPS3, @ CAPS4, and skype all give their users the ability to make new friends, find long-lost friends, and chat with friends. I personally have a skype and a facabook, and I can access them everyday. Without them I couldn't chat with friends outside of school except for sports and texting. Every day I work out, lift weights, and go on Facebook, which is why this whole claim, "spend less time exercising and more time on the computer" is wrong. Facebook and Skype are a staple of my everyday life and without them I know I wouldn't be so social. Computers are also part of my everyday life, as I have to use them to do research for school or to type a paper @ CAPS5. As you have now seen my handwriting is not that good so I end up typing a lot of my homework because of it. Without computers, my teachers couldn't read my work. Computers also help create graphs and data tables for science lab reports. Without a computer, the graphics would have to be done by hand, which is not as presentable. Overall, computers are used every day in school for doing research or typing homework. Education plays a key role in society and if we did not use computers the education we would receive would not be the same as it is today. My last reason I believe computers play a positive role in society is that computers are what makes businesses run. Without computers, some businesses would be unable to operate, and those that could operate would be extremely slow. Since our society is so advanced, our businesses need computers to do their jobs. Expenses and income are saved on business computers, if it was all done on paper they could be lost or ruined. Computers also simplify the work of businesses, they speed up tasks that would take a long time to do by hand, and they accomplish tasks that could not be accomplished without a computer. Computers play a big role in the @ CAPS6 of the world.
Dear Editor, Computers are one of the best things that have ever happened to the human race. They benefit society in every way imaginable and have many positive effects on people. Computers improve hand-eye coordination, allow people to learn about many topics that books don't give them access to, and allow millions of people every day to talk and communicate with friends and family. The most important use of computers is for learning. Using computers, billions of people acquire knowledge they could never have learned before. Many people like me check the weather on the computer daily, making sure we are prepared or dressed appropriately for the weather. Without computers, I wouldn't be able to do this. Also, on days when it snows overnight, I always check the school website when I wake up to make sure the school is always open. It's a useful resource and I don't know what I would do without it. Another thing computers allow us to do is check the news. With the click of a mouse, you can check who won the presidency or what shows are airing tonight. Another amazing aspect of computers is that they dramatically improve hand-eye coordination. This not only benefits my mom who checks her emails five times a minute, but also my three year old little sister who loves to move the mouse and type random letters on documents. It might keep her entertained for days on end, but more importantly, it helps improve her hand-eye coordination with every second she's sitting in that chair. This improved skill will help her immensely in her future when she starts playing sports and cycling soon. Finally, computers allow millions of friends and family to communicate free of charge on a daily basis. If the classmates forgot to write down their homework, they can email the teacher instantly, and find out exactly what the homework is and even open the sheet the teacher attached and print it. . A few weeks ago my dad went to @ LOCATION1 for thirteen days, and it was extremely expensive to talk to him on the phone. So every other day he video chatted with me instead so I could talk to him. hear what he was doing and even see the view of @ LOCATION2 from his window. It was very special to me and could not have been done without computers. As it is so clear, computers help us in so many ways that we forget like educating ourselves, improving our hand-eye coordination, and allowing us to communicate with our friends and family. These are just a few of the positive effects and benefits that computers offer us.
Dear @ CAPS1, I agree with the experts that people spend too much time on the computer, people should exercise, read or hang out with their friends and family. But people are so lazy and prefer to just sit and do something on the computer and if they don't start doing other things instead of being online, they might get overweight. My number one reason people should spend less time online is that people need to exercise. Seriously, people should walk around the neighborhood or go to the gym or even play sports instead of playing computer all day and doing nothing and without exercising you will get overweight and lazy. My second reason why I think people should spend less time online is that you should be spending time with your friends and family without ignoring them because you are doing something on the computer. It's just rude so why don't you go have a family game night or go out to eat with your family and you can also watch a movie, go skating or even go to the park with your friends because it is much more fun than being online all day. My last reason people should spend less time online is because everyone should have time to read a good book honestly, just go to your local library and check out a book because reading is so much better for your brain. than doing stupid things on the computer. So in conclusion, in my opinion, I think people should spend less time online because if you don't exercise enough you can become overweight and lazy, and not spend a lot of time with your kids. friends and family is just rude and reading is very good for you unlike staying on the computer well that's all I have to say for now.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 that humanity has, has its ups and downs and it's positive and negative. the something with technology. There are ups and downs, but because of it, our society is getting further and further advanced. This gives us the opportunity to become more sophisticated to set our goals beyond reach. We are starting great things with these. Computers teach us and can sometimes guide you. You can click on a link and give yourself an amazing opportunity or click on the wrong one and give yourself a virus. Computers can take you away from all the stress in your life and take you to a beautiful place, it can give you the chance to teach you something you didn't even know existed.
Dear @ CAPS1 Diary, Do you know that more than @ PERCENT1 of @ CAPS2 families have computers ? Maybe, but you have been told that at least half of these @ PERCENT1 have family or related issues. The problem is whether computers have a positive or negative effect on humanity. In @ CAPS4's opinion, I think this @ MONTH1 be invention is having a negative impact on society. I say this because these days there are some inappropriate websites that kids should check out, and it takes time with the family. But mainly because of the recent @ CAPS3 issue. Without a doubt, young people like experts and a website, we'll just do what we're told and maybe we might find one by accident. Who knows? All I know is that there are too many to count the adult websites that kids @ DATE1 age log into every day. It is unacceptable to a person why we should be banned in computers. No responsible parent would be caught dead with a @ NUM1 year old child on an adult website and computers make it difficult for these parents. With such experience computers take time with it and when I had the @ CAPS4, @ CAPS4 computer always now, we never spent time with it. She said the other day, do I peel bananas, "if I never got out of the computer you would be right now," she was right. Anytime Brother @ CAPS4 and I are on the computer, we will stay all day. But every time we've been together a lot @ CAPS4 now and I think computers are having a negative effect on society, it's because of the recent @ CAPS3 I was called into the office one day to be informed that a crew on @ CAPS3 com had befriended me and they were using boys and girls for drugs and prostitution. People take advantage of computers and end up reading people's information. It could have been avoided but it was not. Now this is your chance, I hope you will feel the same as I did when it comes to the negative and positive aspects of computers. But remember, computers have kept more websites which are not good for young children, it takes family time but mainly because of the recent @ CAPS3 problem.
Dear newspaper editor, I would like to do @ CAPS3 on the benefits of owning a computer. For example, you can learn a lot of things that you could never have been able to too, you can also go to chat rooms and talk with friends or other people and it can even make the teaching more interesting. Computers in many countries are standard and we then use to learn a lot of things, but if you bring one to the tribes of @ LOCATION1 it will look like an alein item but once they know how to use it it may opening their eyes to many people in the coasts and remote areas do not even know there was a man on the meon. Another advantage of the computer is that you can pay bills like taxes, insurance, credit cards, and other payments which is good. large sums of money too. Many people use the computer for socializing by joining online websites such as @ CAPS1, twitter, and myspace where you can talk photos and see what your friends are up to. Also on @ CAPS2 you can also send messages to your friends. Also, more and more people are playing computer games, some are single player and some are online and have millions of players at a time. you can also connect another gaming system to your computer to play with other people and even tips and tricks. The main reasons that computers are beneficial is that they have revolutionized school now for homework instead of doing a worksheet you go to the computer and do it and print it or email to your teacher. Another reason the computer is amazing is that it makes finding projects and working from home much easier, more readable, and gives you a much broader view of the subject. By far the best thing in front of the computer is the fact that many teachers use them for teaching and showing videos. Therefore, it is much easier to learn and understand what will help us to be successful in the future. Also, many kids pay less attention when a teacher gives a lecture, but when a computer plays a video, it will capture students' attention much better. These are all the reasons why I think the computer is a great invention and every family and every school should have one. I hope you find my @ CAPS3 very compelling and distribute it.
Dear @ PERSON2, @ CAPS1, your last article on the pros and cons of computers in our society was informative, I think you left out a few major reasons why technology does more harm than good. If people don't realize the consequences, who knows where our world is going? First of all, I would like to mention the health issues associated with technology in general, but more particularly with computers. Dr @ PERSON1 from @ ORGANIZATION2 states that "@ CAPS2 Since the popularity of the Internet exploded with the invention of websites like '@ CAPS3' and '@ CAPS4', we have seen a drastic increase in heart disease and heart disease. diabetes linked to obesity. " And @ PERSON3 is not exaggerating. Due to the sudden boom in electronics, more and more people prefer to sit on the couch with their brand new laptop or @ CAPS5, then take a bike ride or play a game of fastball with it. friends. For this reason, more and more people are victims of heart attacks, strokes, cancer and bone loss that could leave them paralyzed for the rest of their lives. Is playing this game online so important to you that it is worth your life? Next I would like to address how @ CAPS1 Internet @ MONTH1 seems like a great place to socialize, it can actually help lose friends instead of making them. I know what you are thinking, @ PERSON2, 'But sites like' @ CAPS6 'help people connect, why would they lose friends?' @ CAPS7, really. Since it is so easy to type into a conversation, people lose their real social skills. They also spend too much time talking to friends without meeting face to face, which ultimately causes them to fall away from each other. And when you talk to someone on a screen, it's so hard to tell if you really are close friends. Because of this, they cannot bond and they will not have a true friendship. @ PERSON4, @ NUM1 yr at @ ORGANIZATION1, says he and his best friend only talk through @ CAPS3 and they don't even feel like real friends anymore. So finally, I have a request. The next time you turn on that laptop, think about it. Is it really worth losing your friends and even your health @ CAPS2 ? Next time, feel the urge to update your status with something like “@ CAPS8 came home,” @ CAPS8 calls a friend to hang out at the park instead. Believe me, you'll be glad you did. Thank you for taking the time to read my letter.
Dear Editor of the Local Newspaper, More and more people are using computers, but not everyone thinks it's such a good idea. Those who support technological advancements believe that computers have a positive effect on people. Other experts disagree. I think computers have a positive effect on people because they allow you to learn anything in the world, they allow you to talk online with other people and teach hand-eye coordination . I think computers are very useful. Don't you like having the ability to search for something from any part of the world that you want to learn more about ? I'm sure everyone who has a computer has one. With computers, you can use search engines like Google, Yahoo, Ask, and many more. I know computers help me with my research all the time when I am doing projects or writing articles for school. The internet is a great and reliable tool that you can go to when researching a topic for school or even just looking for an answer to a simple question. My next reason is that computers allow you to talk to other people online. Things like Facebook, email, myspace, and web-caming allow you to connect with people all over the world. For example, I have an aunt who lives in @ LOCATION1, and at Christmas, my family and I used the webcam of my cousins to see her and talk to her when we could not be with her for special holidays. Plus, things like Facebook and myspace allow you to post photos and chat with your friends and family all over the world. My last reason I think computers have a positive effect on people is that playing on the computer is a good leisure activity. There are all kinds of fun games you can play, and some even let you compete against other people around the world. For example, Internet Checkers is a game that lets you compete against someone else. There are many websites that allow you to choose the games you want to play from a huge selection. It is evident that computers have a positive effect on people for research, chatting with friends and family, and leisure pursuits. Hope you agree with me!
Do you think computers are good? Well I do. There are many reasons why you and I should think this. For example, it has a positive effect on people, it teaches hand-eye coordination and allows people to talk online with other people. One of the reasons you should think computers are good is that they have a positive effect on people! Don't you want to be happy. well, computers are your source of online entertainment !! And you learn a lot from the computer !! Another reason is that computers teach hand-eye coordination. Hand-eye coordination is a great skill that you need in life. For example, let's say you want to play baseball and you have no hand-eye coordination and you stumble and @ DATE1 and brake something. that's not good for you, is it. No, this is not good. But if you had better hand-eye coordination, you probably wouldn't have fallen! The reason @ NUM1 is that you can interact with others online. You can @ CAPS1, you can go to chat rooms. Or you can go to game sources and interact with other people !! And you can meet online! The computer is a welcoming way to meet new people who share the same characteristics as you !! If you already have a computer, then your fine. But if you don't, you have to get one. And I am right !! People who don't have a computer don't have a jb. because people who work most of the time use or have a computer. In conclusion, you must get a computer !! Why? well, that's because you can do a lot of things on a computer. For example, you can teach hand-eye coordination and chat with friends online. In addition, it gives you a positive effect.
Dear local newspaper, I think that with excessive use of the computer it will have bad effects on people. People can get addicted so easily. They also consume a lot of electricity. And people sit in front of the computer all day and don't exercise at all. These are all bad effects that computers have, but not all of them are bad, without them life could be a little more difficult. Playing computer games and online poker sounds like fun, doesn't it ? Wrong! People get addicted to it every day. Online poker can be dangerous. I remember seeing a show about this guy who was addicted to it. He would put his credit card information on and sit and play all day. Before he knew it, he was in debt. Once he was addicted, it was very difficult for him to quit. It's a stupid thing to get into this area because there is no point in it. You sit down and waste money, especially with our economy as it is. A recent study shows that @ PERCENT1 of people who play online poker are hooked within two weeks. Other games are also addicting. There is a website called addicting. I guess people don't know the effects of being addicted to a computer on them and their families. Did you know that @ PERCENT2 of the electricity in @ LOCATION1 goes to the computer ? It's almost half that goes to one thing. I don't think it's fair that just about everything is done on the computer now. In our economic crisis, I don't think we should waste energy playing computer games. We could use the energy for more important things that people need. If everybody didn't need computers to communicate and things, there wouldn't be a problem. The number of computers sold has increased by @ PERCENT3 since @ DATE1. I understand emailing, and facebook. But don't get out of hand. Isn't it great to be outside on a beautiful day? Wouldn't you rather enjoy this or exercise rather than sitting glued to a computer ? Obesity is a huge problem at @ LOCATION1. Many people are obese because they sit on the computer and don't exercise. I remember when I was younger, every time I went to my friends' house his dad would sit and play poker and games on the computer. He was very distorted and lazy. His parents later divorced because he became a totally different person. Most @ CAPS1 are lazy. We don't like to work if we don't have to. I would rather define that they are exercising or going out instead of being on the computer. You live much healthier when you are not addicted to the computer. And when you're healthier, you're happier. So, in conclusion, if you don't control yourself over the computer, it can have bad effects. It is easy to get addicted to computers, they use a lot of electricity and can make people fat and lazy. Do you think playing computer games is worth losing your friends and family?
Dear editor-in-chief, I think we should have the Internet or computers at home. We should have it because we can chat with our friends and family, no one would be bored doing nothing, and we learn new things on different websites. We should be able to communicate with our friends and family @ NUM1 on @ NUM2 people in our school think that having a computer is a good thing. For example my friend moved to @ LOCATION1, we couldn't talk on the phone. It was from a long distance that I was talking to him on Facebook. There are many websites you can talk to like Facebook, Twitter or even MySpace, you can even Skype. skype is when you have a webcam and talk to it. My mom said most of her friends chatted with her online. It doesn't matter how old you are. Everyone can learn important things. There are many educational websites @ PERCENT1 that things on the computer are worth having. If you're old and can't go to school, just go to google and type in any math, science, @ CAPS1, or even learn a new language term. Whenever I have to do my social studies homework I go online, trust me, it really helps. Some things on the computer are a lot of fun. You won't get bored on the type of games they have. Many parents complain that their children are doing bad things on the streets. There are things like that, because bored people @ NUM3 think this statement is true. If they had a computer, played games, or talked to friends, they would be who they are. @ STATE1 and @ PERSON1 are two states that have more people going to the computer than any other state. Remember, it's not just fun. Everyone loves having a computer. I think we should have access to the internet because we can do a lot of things that some think is bad, but all is not. We should have a computer, because we can chat with friends, we can learn important and interesting things, and we will not be bored. Hope you have made up your mind and decided that all internet access is not a waste of your time. I am not the only one who thinks that "a computer is what keeps or lives".
When people think of computers, the first thing they think of are games. That's not all they're good at. For most people, they are very useful. Computers are great for @ ORGANIZATION1. At @ ORGANIZATION1, they help with homework and projects. When we are given a project we have to research a topic and the fastest and easiest way is by computer. Students of @ ORGANIZATION2, especially @ NUM1, are able to type easy files because it is faster and much easier. If we're at home and forgot our homework, we might look it up online. It can be very useful and practical for students and teachers. Sometimes it's not @ ORGANIZATION1 but it's finding things. Technology and computers have come a long way. Now we can search for directions to places we can't find or can't find. People can also find names, numbers or addresses using websites like the yellow pages which can be a reliable resource for this. Say you are going on vacation and trying to find a place to stay, it can be difficult, but there are some websites you can go to. If you want something fast or want a nice, cheap hotel, you can find it. The computer can be very fanatic and interesting when you go places like @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 and want to show off a photo of the great time you had so you can post it online. Say you haven't talked to an old friend in a while, you can search them on @ CAPS3 or other website and start talking again, you can also play games and connect with friends or play games with friends online. Weather its @ ORGANIZATION1, find things, or connect with friends, the computer has everything you need. Maybe it will get damaged at some point, but they have people who can fix it. Plus, if you think about it, computers have some very reliable resources that are more up to date than books.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, @ NUM1 on @ NUM2 Students and staff at @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 school find computers very important. Computers not only help people at school, but also at home. I know that readers of this article will agree that computers are very useful, they tell us about people and things faraway, and they are great for chatting online! Most people use computers every day! Computers are very useful tools in everyday life. They always have a program that corrects you if you spell something wrong. Computers even have dictionary websites where people can search for words. I know this is very helpful because my brother is writing his collige essays and these are not colliges that will be impressed with a grammatically incorrect essay. Computers also help you find the things you need very quickly, like the nearest restaurants and malls, or even jobs ! Computers not only help people with spelling and jobs, but they can also tell us about places far away. Computers can show us and tell us wonderful places beyond what we have. Many families in normal society have already been on vacation. To find a fascinating place to go, they can search for it on the World Wide Web. Even if a family can't go on vacation, they can always find closer things to do on their computer. When computers are used to find places and things around the world and near you, they can also give teens the ability to chat with their friends online. Many @ CAPS3 Hallow school students have facebook accounts. Most use this account to talk to their friends online. I also have a facebook and use it almost every day to talk to my cousin about @ LOCATION1 who I didn't see as I was @ NUM3. But, computers aren't just used for chatting, they can also be used for school blogging. In my language arts class, we have a reading blog that every student should participate in. This blog allows the class not to waste time in class talking about recently read books. In conclusion, computers should be taken seriously because they help society. Computers help us everyday, they teach us and they can be a lot of fun and educational. Remember what @ PERSON1 from @ ORGANIZATION1's tech department said : "@ CAPS5 can only improve if society accepts it."
Computers can affect people in several ways. Most people overuse computers and it can affect their health and the health of those around them. People need to get out there and get more active. America is getting obese and not getting any really useful information from the computer. Some people just sit without thinking in front of their computer and eat at the same time ! It makes it worse because not only are they not exercising, but now they are gaining weight and not losing it. It's the exact opposite of what a human should do. Real people exercise every day. Being on the computer isn't a bad thing sometimes. Sometimes you need to find something about nature, but wouldn't it be easier to go outside and get some new ideas. Even your front yard is full of nature, and you (not all) will be exercising at the same time. Families constantly struggle with family members who never have time to talk and dig holes in walls for losing a video game. Dr @ PERSON1 or "Studies of the Human Mind" says "I have found that technology and online games increase anger in most people." This shows that it can cause problems in all families because of a video game ! So please make sure you try to spend time with your family. So this shows that the computer can be fun, but also dangerous.
Dear Editors @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3 represents an average of @ NUM1 computers per home. It is simply too much. I think the company is too much time in computers. Computers are taking over our life. Spending time on the computer drives up the electricity bill. Computers are one of the biggest weight problems and you are interesting with the company when you are on the computer. @ CAPS4 you spend too much time on the computer you calculate your electric bill do you really want to spend @ NUM2 $ in a month or do you prefer to shop for groceries, or even pay bills with that money. "On average, a family that used fewer computers saved @ MONEY1 than spending any more time on their computer." @ CAPS4 I knew how much I was saving, I would decanerate the computer "player says I didn't know not how much my hobby was me "@ CAPS5 @ CAPS3 is life's problem. The worst problem with computers is that with the @ CAPS4 company you don't spend most of your time on the computer, you won't have many friends in real life. You @ MONTH1 have a love call online in real life. I have other than paly on the computer. I think society spends too much time in front of the computer. Computers such as the electric bill, when you use the computer you earn and do not participate in society, so quit this computer and.
Computers. It's funny. But there is also a downside. People spent more time there than outdoors, exercising or even getting together with friends and family. But on the other hand, they are also fun, help kids, and even help get together from dating sites. It makes them happy. It's funny! Computers are fun. They offer a wide range of games, education can just be fun. You can play role-playing games (which are fun because I play some of them myself), or you can play educational games like the island games, or other downloadable educational games that are , @ CAPS1 not fun but essential for the growth and development of a learning child. They can also help children learn how to do and other things at a very young age. Some very grown ups have and various other things that I can't think of in @ CAPS2's life that thing computer brings them together and they are happy. They do this for hundreds a day. Take away the computers and people will die alone and sad. so in conclusion my ideas where! fun helps kids and helps old people get together. Read this and @ CAPS3 you will definitely see it my way.
Hello my name is @ CAPS1 and i am writing to local newspaper that computers are good for people and help a lot like how to get from place to place how to learn about history black people or famous people who have done something to the world, and how to find out about the news and the weather at home or at work, how to keep your well-being without computers, their work would be hopeless, and like you or your family are tired of being successful in life and the only way to get in touch would be computers there are computers everywhere even doctors are using them in a hospital to keep people alive to see what is wrong with them and d 'where they come from, and another job needs computers to see if the person is capable of the job so they can look up some basic information without it, even if you wouldn't have a good job, here are some reasons why ord initiators are important. One of them is that we need computers to be able to move around, if you are planning to go somewhere for @ DATE1 you would be looking on the computer for that perfect place. Second, if you don't know how to get there, you can use an @ CAPS2, but the computer is the best because it shows the kilometers and the time it takes to get there, so this is one of them. . And secondly, to help learn more about Black History Month and famous people, we all know Black History Month is in books, but not many books have much information, this is why the computer is useful because, like on Google, it gives you more information. and show the picture of that person so you know who they are, like a famous singer or rapper you like @ MOIS1 but don't know anything about them, you would use the computer, @ CAPS3 because that 's is the best thing to do. The third would be how to find the news and weather, if you haven't watched the news because you missed it what could you do is go to a news site and watch the news that have been shown on TV or a favorite show for if you will. Foruth would be well-being, without computers the work would be hopeless, it wouldn't last that long. @ NUM1. They wouldn't know there are @ NUM2 profits. how could they cash anything, it would happen if they didn't have any kind of computers. There are a lot of other things that have been said that prove computers are good and why we need them, but I just had to cut it short and schools need computers the most to take tests on computers , so that's all the reasons we need a computer and why they are goodbye.
Personally, I think computers benefit society in many ways. It can give you all the information you need with just one click, the entertainment is easy to find by searching the internet and most importantly it improves communication between people. One of the ways that computers benefit society is by making it easier for everyone to get information about something. This is necessary, especially at school. This can help children get their information about the person they are writing about in their report. Getting information easily on the Internet can help people in other ways as well. What if someone needed to get the hospital phone number in an emergency? He can use the computer to help him find that phone number. Another way that computers benefit society is by making it easy for us to obtain any form of entertainment. This is what the majority of people in our society rely on. Many people use the computer to play games, listen to music, and watch videos online. If someone was bored right now, he or she could use the computer to play fun games. What if that person thought it was a bit quiet in their room? He or she could then use the computer to listen to music. Without computers, we would probably be really bored for the rest of our lives. Last but not least, computers help improve communication between people. This is probably what everyone uses the computer for. Now you can email your friends in seconds, post and view photos of your family or loved ones and you can even use instant messaging to write to your friend and receive messages from your friend as quickly as possible ! Without computers, communication between others would be very difficult. As you can see, computers can give you information easily, entertainment is not hard to find, and it can even improve communication between people in our society and the world! Computers are very useful to us and improve everything in the way we live.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, the computer has been a resource we have been using for years and gives you information and pictures, but that doesn't mean people have to be there all the time. People may chat a few times with other people or go on the webcam to see a loved one who is in Iraq, but need to go outside for exercise just to take a walk around the block. They don't even have to leave the house all the time, just exercising on a tape or getting a treadmill. That's all people need to do instead of sitting on their butt all day to get around. People who are becoming obese have increased from lack of exercise, so put on your shoes and go jogging a few blocks in your niehbor hood, just do little things and you will feel a lot better than you were on your computer. Nature is all around us, but most people don't make noise because they are on computers. What has to end now, these magnificent landmarks across the world are wasted because hardly anyone is watching them. Go to @ LOCATION1, @ LOCATION2, even @ CAPS1 and get some clean fresh air that is not from your house, you can go to the park to just watch the birds and see something with no screen on it. So go get your camera and go somewhere with wild life and have fun. Just doing these things will help your health, energy, and spirit. You can go to the computer and chat with friends, but not all the time. Do you want to be unhealthy in life if you don't go out and take a walk.
Dear local @ CAPS1, I learned that people cannot talk to their friends / family, enjoy nature and exercise because of computers. Well, computers benefit our life. The first thing about computers is communication. People can use @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3, @ CAPS4 and etc. Social networking groups make it possible to talk to friends, remotely or near and family enjoys research. Just because @ CAPS11 uses these websites doesn't mean @ CAPS11 can't go out and enjoy activities. This leads to other objects called peortables. As technology advances, so do our skills. Every year more and more electronic devices are manufactured and are most likely portable, such as @ CAPS5, @ CAPS6, @ CAPS7, etc. A lot of these companies let us take these devices to allow us to do everyday things. With @ ORGANIZATION1, the creator of @ CAPS8 @ CAPS11 can use this internet / music @ CAPS9 for everything. for example, I visit my grandparents and I chose my phone @ CAPS6. I can talk to friends on my phone @ CAPS6 by texting and visiting my grandparents. More of that opposes and @ CAPS5 @ CAPS11 always go out and enjoy life. exercise is something @ CAPS11 should still be doing. If you stay crammed into your house @ CAPS12 fun. @ CAPS11 needs to cheer up and go out and play sports. @ CAPS11 could be included in and join the activity. @ CAPS11 may also have videos online to show us how to exercise or use yoga. Most use laptops, which goes back to my last paragraph. Exercise is great and @ CAPS11 should do it. What I'm trying to say here, @ CAPS11 can use computers and electronics and exercise in a fun way. If you understand, the experts may agree, and the children could be healthier and continue to communicate.
Dear local newspaper, I am writing to tell you that I think computers are a good thing because they allow people to communicate, tons of people have jobs thanks to computers and people have help with them. homework through computers. People communicate by email and aim and facebook and everything. People have jobs on computers like cortreporters, tax delegates, and salespeople. Lastley's kids do their homework on the computer and look for "@ CAPS1 related" stuff on the computer and stuff like that. lastley I think computers are good for people, they help with education, work and communication with friends and family.
Dear local newspaper, In my opinion, I support technological advancements. Advances in technology help us get insight into the things we need to get information about, we can chat with friends and family online, and it can improve our reading and hand-eye coordination skills. One of the reasons I support technological advancements is that computers / phones can help us get information on topics we need to get information about. We need to know what's going on around us all the time. We need to know what is going on and what is going on with the other people in our life. We need to know the weather / traffic conditions if you have kids you need to know if the school is open and if you work in places that use computers for information you need to check if your boss or coworker has you sent something important which you should know. The second reason I support technological advancements is that we can chat online with our friends and family. We can chat with our family and friends halfway around the world who have computers. Most of us want to know if our family and friends are okay and healthy, even though we can't see them in person. Personally, I know it's a fact because my family and friends touch each other online. Keeping in touch with our family and friends keeps our boats strong. The last reason I support technological advancements is that computers can help us with our reading and hand-eye coordination skills. Computers can help our reading skills because if we don't have time to go to the bookstore to buy a book, we can read it online for free. It can help our eye-hand coordination as it can help our fingers move faster and help us get things done faster. I have indicated all the reasons why I support technological advancements. Computers can help us get information about things we need to get information about, we can chat with friends / family online and it can help our reading and hand-eye coordination skills.
Dear Editor: @ CAPS1 all live in the age of technology. There are many useful devices that help us go about our day-to-day life. The computer is a major help. @ CAPS1 can speak with relitives from different regions and you can surf the internet to learn new information. @ CAPS4 you can play games with people all over the world. The computer is a great device. Almost everyone has a relitive who lives in another state or country. Well you never see them because they live far away don't you? With a computer, you can talk and even have a face to face conversation with them. @ CAPS2 can bring your family closer together. For example, my family just got a new computer and @ CAPS1 has relives living in Florida that @ CAPS1 hardly ever sees. With the computer, my father talks to them almost every day. Some people I spoke to said they were happy to see their reliives or friends more often. @ CAPS2 brought them closer together and made them better friends. The Internet is a wonderful place where you can search for information for a school project and learn more about different topics. When kids are doing a project at school and the information they need is not in the class book, they can search for @ CAPS2 and @ CAPS2 to save time. @ PERCENT1 of children said that when they are doing a project, the best thing to use is the Internet. @ CAPS4 @ CAPS2 helps kids work faster so they can spend more time outdoors or hang out with their friends. Another thing you can do is learn about recent events. For example, most local newspapers have a website that you can visit. Even if you are not local, you can access other websites such as "@ CAPS3". They have recent events happening across the country and around the world. The Internet is useful in many ways and can help you in your day-to-day life. Every child is bored when it is a rainy day. So, they can play games with people all over the world using a computer. There are many websites that offer fun and fun games. You can @ CAPS4 become with people from other countries. My friends @ PERSON1 and @ PERSON2 are playing computer and they have a lot of friends from other countries. I think it's cool that you exactly play the game with one another. No one in @ LOCATION1 or @ LOCATION2, @ CAPS4 Most games are safe and fun to play. Another thing is that you can connect and play with your friends in your hometown. I have often played games with @ PERSON1 and @ PERSON2. @ CAPS2 is a fun thing to do on a boring, rainy day. In conclusion, the computer is a useful tool that benefits us and helps us in our everyday life. @ CAPS2 allows us to connect with family in remote places and surf the Internet for new information. @ CAPS4 you can play games with people all over the world. It's a wonderful device and let's start using @ CAPS2.
Dear local news, @ CAPS2 more and more people are using computers, people are asking if computers really benefit society. In my opinion, I think computers do. They provide entertainment, access to daily uses, and have plenty of websites for social interactions. I think computers really benefit society here. Computers provide entertainment for people. Lots of people will want to watch fun videos or their favorite @ CAPS1 show on the internet. of the most popular site to watch videos on you tube. Video games are another great source of entertainment. People buy video games from their site or play them on websites like @ CAPS2, you can see that the entertainment on the computer has a lot more than @ CAPS1 where the @ CAPS2 program is displayed at some point instead of whenever you want. Another benefit that computers bring to society is access to daily uses, the Internet which can tell you the local weather. Instead, or local news accesses it directly on you @ CAPS4, you can access the encyclopedia and distributors as the @ CAPS5 websites provide easy immidiat for everyday use. At least one example towards computers. There are many websites that you can. One of the @ CAPS5 websites is called, @ CAPS6 allows you to upload a photo of popular or family events for people in your @ MONTH1 video chat with people on one and see other people's faces. You cannot do this by phone, SMS or cell phone. Many experts think computers take time with family and friends, but with websites like @ CAPS6, it actually saves time. In conclusion, @ CAPS5's reasons support my opinion that computers benefit society, they provide entertainment, easy access and have many websites for social interaction, society @ CAPS7 would be much harder and that is why I think computers benefit society.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3 a computer is an advantage. They help us in many ways. It's very helpful, it might make someone's life more manageable. You can keep in touch with old friends or family. It would be easier for the job, and when you are bored, you could play some funny games. It's very difficult to have a family that you don't see and with whom you don't keep in touch! With a computer, you can send messages and photos to interact with them. You wouldn't have to worry about ever losing communication with them. You might also meet new people. Get new friends from anywhere in the world! Make friends of all different races and cultures. Computers are a great way to interact with others, whether it's family or friends. You always have to work when you have no idea what it is! if you ever have problems with @ CAPS3 on something, you can always search for information about it. You can learn to do things or get more information about a certain item. When you have homework and you don't know the meaning of a word, you can always look up the definition. They also hold your information. For example, instead of @ CAPS3 a ton of papers, you can just save them to your computer. Then you can print it whenever you need. Computers make work easier and help you organize yourself better. The computer also entertains you. When you have nothing to do, you can play a lot of fun games. You can also watch video clips or funny videos to make you laugh. They have pretty much anything you want to play. You will hardly ever be bored! As you can see, computers are an advantage for people. It always helps to keep in touch with anyone, to have help with your work, or just to have fun. Without computers, life would be harder and boring!
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3, computers are a useful perk in @ CAPS4's life. He proposes and brings many ideas and actions. Computers help people find a good place to travel. It also helps people meet or make friends @ CAPS1. A computer is another way for people to improve their hand-eye coordination. Computers are very useful in the life of humans. Computers are useful when trying to explore places @ CAPS1. You can book a flight anywhere in minutes on a computer. How else would it be possible to travel far without booking a flight on a computer. Then the computers help to know the different colors. Once one has made reservations at a certain travel location on their computer, they will learn a lot about the unknown country they have been to. My family has been to many different regions around the world. The trips would not have been possible without the help of finding and carrying out thefts with the computers. The computer makes it possible to experiment with territories. This is a key element when someone is looking to travel. A computer is extremely important when trying to communicate with friends. People can meet and make friends very simply by using websites like Facebook on the computer. Facebook creates friendship very easily. I recently waited to get to know a student better. I searched for it on facebook and now we are aqetances. Then, computer programs like AIM help people communicate about anything from homework to other personal matters. Finally, if someone wants to know another better, he can consult his blog. They @ MONTH1 start talking and become good friends. Computers are useful when trying to communicate or find friends. Computers not only help with travel and friends, but they also help with hand-eye coordination. Typing letters while looking at a screen uses hand-eye coordination. This action can help with sport. For example, in baseball, you need good hand-eye coordination to help catch and hit the ball. Second, hand-eye coordination improves with the computer. it helps the children to integrate. If someone has good hand-eye coordination, they can play sports and make new friends. If someone becomes good with hand-eye coordination and typing, they may be able to get a writing job for a journal or book. Hand-eye coordination and typing with computers can lead to a successful life. Computers in a Lifetime @ CAPS5 can help in the long run. This will help with travel plans, friends, and hand-eye coordination.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 I think people spend too much time on their computers and don't exercise like they are supposed to every day. @ CAPS5 @ CAPS3 says that @ PERCENT1 of all the people in the intere world are spending too much time on the @ CAPS3 and not enjoying nature. So, they don't exercise like the others. @ CAPS5 @ CAPS4 says that people who step outside and do not step in front of their computers will live long and healthy lives. I say @ PERCENT2 of all the people who are still on @ CAPS3 often go blind and will never see who the world changes amaze them. I'm saying that @ PERCENT3 of all the people who don't always go on the @ CAPS3 will live a better life than the people who are still on the @ CAPS3. My @ CAPS5 told me that you shouldn't be using @ CAPS3 for very long time, because being on @ CAPS3 for a very long time is not very good for you, so don't use @ CAPS3 for very long time only for a short period of time and don't go on @ CAPS3 every day just like @ NUM1 times a week. People who have @ CAPS6 book accounts shouldn't go there like every day like @ NUM1 to @ NUM3 times a week because continuing on @ CAPS3 for very long is not good for people. My @ CAPS5 @ CAPS8 says that @ PERCENT4 of all people in the world have @ CAPS9 and often go blind because of them using @ CAPS3 all the time and if you keep going too long your @ CAPS3 will collapse and brake. I really think people shouldn't be using @ CAPS3 for a long time because every time they keep going it's a moment they will miss in life, so please don't.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3 have debated a lot about whether computers are good or bad. @ CAPS6, I believe computers are not as good as a lot of people think. Since computers were invented, people don't exercise anymore. In addition, fewer children read. Finally, computers take up family time. When was the last time you saw a child outside doing something active like running or playing a sport ? If you haven't, it's probably because they're inside, staring at a computer screen. Exercise is an important part of staying healthy and fit. More and more children are gaining weight every day. The computer is just another reason. I had a friend who spent all her time on the computer. She has become very lazy. She never wanted to exercise or do anything active. Gradually she started to gain weight. This is happening all over the world and it takes @ CAPS4 ! What is your reading level? @ CAPS3 are students of class @ NUM1 with a reading level @ NUM2. Part of the reason is that they instead use their free time on the computer instead of picking up a book. Schools now offer a program called @ CAPS5 @ NUM3. This program is designed to help students improve their reading skills. I believe if the students shut down the computers long enough and @ CAPS5, we wouldn't need this program. My mom makes sure I @ CAPS5 for at least @ NUM4 minutes everyday. Each student does the same. I remember a saying "family time is golden time" @ CAPS6, now one day no one is spending time with their family. Once again, computers also played a role. It's not just kids who have given up family time for computer time. It is also adults. I think the last time I spent time with my family was about @ NUM5 weeks ago when my grandparents came to visit me. After that, everyone went back to looking at the computer screens. In conclusion, computers
I believe that computers have a positive effect on people because computers can help people in so many ways. You can email friends all over the world, get important information you might need, and do business online. Computers have some fascinating things to show and inform. Most people who have computers can use them to send e-mail to their friends. Sometimes your closest friends are across the country and you want to talk to them. Why not email them to your computer? It would mean a lot to your friends if you just took the time to say hello via email. My second opinion on why the use of computers has a positive effect on people is because. Some colleges up to university and the rest of your life need to use computers. Perhaps because of important information they might need for a teacher's assignment. You can't always find certain things in books. Nowadays, computers are taking over books. My third opinion for computers is that some people are too sick to go to work so they work online. Even if you are sick, you will still get paid because you are still working. So women have just had a baby and she uses her computer to work online. Thus, she can earn money to support her family. In conclusion, my opinion is that computers have a positive effect on people as they are used to send e-mails to friends, find important information for school or work purposes. My final opinion is that computers are used to work online. For me, I think computers have a positive effect on people.
Dear @ PERSON1 editor, I heard you were writing a section in your computer journal and just thought of expressing my opinion. Personally, I think computers have a positive effect on people. First, I think computers are big because you can learn things about places far away, like countries halfway around the world, from the comfort of your home. In addition, information on the Internet can help students with schoolwork. Finally, you are able to talk with other people online. These are just a few things where computers are very important that you should include in your article. First of all, @ PERSON1 editor, I think computers are good for mankind because you can learn about places halfway around the world while sitting at home drinking a hot chocolate. It is so convenient. There are websites containing the geography, languages and traditions of the countries waiting for you to learn. For example, once my friend, @ PERSON3, was planning to go to @ LOCATION1 on a business trip, but didn't know how to speak the language. I recommended the website, www.Indianow.com and within two weeks she was speaking like an expert. Another time my sister, @ PERSON4, was visiting her in-laws for the first time. They were full @ CAPS1 and she wanted to cook something traditional for them. She searched the web for a recipe and everyone was happy with the delicious dumplings she made. This is just one of the reasons the internet is so useful. Second, computers are an amazing invention because you can easily find help with your homework. My brother, @ PERSON5, had a hard time learning about the seasons, but with one click he was full of knowledge. Plus, nowadays they even have online tutors and online colleges ! Professor @ PERSON2 reports that @ PERCENT1 of successful students graduate online. It's a fabulous point about why computers are so important. Finally, computers are really important to society because you can talk to other people online. With video chat, chat rooms, Facebook and @ CAPS2, you will surely make a friend that will last a lifetime. I know I did it ! There are even online dating sites and matchmakers. For example, after my uncle divorced my aunt, she was devastated and couldn't date me for a very long time. I told her to try one of these online dating sites, she took my advice and found a lovely man. They have been dating for @ NUM1 month. The last @ DATE1 he proposed. They are now happily engaged. This is my last reason computers can positively change someone's life. In conclusion, I think computers are a fantastic invention because you can explore faraway places while staying at home. get help with homework and talk to other people online. I really hope you take my review into consideration for your article, @ ORGANIZATION1 editor. Thank you for your time.
@ CAPS1 you know we all love computers and we all use it for all kinds of things like chatting or working and especially to make things right, but computers are not very good for you especially if your computer is your life , one of the reasons I think computers are kind of bad is because when you are there for a long time you are hungry then you get some snacks and by the time you are done using the computer, you won. A pound without imagining how many wiget you will earn if you do this every day! My next reason I think computers are sort of bad is because when you're the computer for too long your eyes start to hurt and your hands start to cramp and everything starts to do too much. wrong typing and looking at the same for a long time so that you can make you have eye problem and also can give you something in your hands and then you can't do anything with your hands for a long time as it will start to hurt. My last reason I think computers are sort of bad is because they can mess up your computers, they can overheat, or they can just crash because you've been using it for too long. It may also get a virese, you will just have to get a brand new computer @ CAPS1 you can see there are many reasons why i think computers are a little bad
A lot of people have talked about computers in @ ORGANIZATION1. Networks like @ CAPS1, @ ORGANIZATION2, and @ CAPS2 say that computers make people lazy for grades. But I say different! I think technological advances are a good thing. Path? I will give you @ NUM1 reasons. My first reason is that they give people the opportunity to learn more about faraway places and people. The next reason is to make life better. And is my last answer give you hand-eye coordination @ CAPS3 aren't you tired of going to the bookstore and finding a book to do a project ? well now with computers you don't have to. You just have to go online and research the information you need to learn more about almost anything related to using @ LOCATION1. The next reason is that computers make life better.
Dear local newspaper, I was reading this article on computers. Okay with kids and adults who don't have time to enjoy nature and interact with family and friends. But, also, children and adults should have fun outdoors and enjoy it. But when it comes to using computers, finding information is useful. I think kids and adults should be active and healthy because now kids don't want to play outside anymore so they can play outside so they can play video games. When I was little I always played hide and seek, but now my mom doesn't like to play anymore because of technology, she prefers to be on the computer or on the phone. Children all over the world now know how to use computers because they don't want to be outside. Computers are only useful when you are making a report or something important. For example, people who have businesses will need computers. Also, when a teacher sighs a project on someone, you'll need a computer to search for that person's information. Finally, many children do not take responsibility for school. They don't take this school seriously. Kids think computers will teach you everything the wrong way, because things on the computer can be made up. But it is also to make life very healthy there. This is why computers are good and bad at times, because children no longer play outside and computers are useful for finding information. What I said, don't you agree with me?
Dear @ PERSON1, to this day, many people use telecommunication devices, such as computer. Some believe that computers have a positive effect on people. Others fear that people are spending too much time on it. I think both of these opinions are correct. Although using a computer can become an addicting and unhealthy habit, they teach a person something everyday, are enjoyable, and help save the earth. Using computers is something I know millions of people use every day, and I think @ CAPS2 would be hard to live with. For example, my family owns four computers. We each have our own specific reasons for using them. For my mom, @ CAPS2 usually works or checks her emails. For me and my sister, @ CAPS2 searches and types homework, and connects with our friends via facebook or. So say when my mom is working or my sister and I are researching something we are learning. It used to be computers everyone used, but now that we have the Internet, it is not really necessary to get a book. Most of the time, people don't even have the book they're looking for, or they have to go out and buy one from the library. Now that's a drawback for people so why not use the internet it's fast, and. People also use computers like I mentioned above with maybe facebook, @ CAPS1 or email. @ CAPS2 is fast, easy and fun. @ CAPS2 also saves paper, which helps the planet. We always used to send letters, but now with these sources you don't need much! Computers are also fun for kids because there are lots of games you can play. Now, even though I have mentioned all of these good things, there are unfortunately some bad ones too. So many people use computers every day and @ CAPS2 is bad for your physical and mental health. People spend so much time on it that they can easily become addicted. This means that they will be on top of them all the time and never do other things like go out. It was not exercise that could be bad for their physical health. Plus, staring at a screen all day is bad for the eyes and the brain. So I think because of these causes people shouldn't use them constantly. In conclusion, I would like to say that people should use computers to learn things, go out or do something active, because spending all this time on computers can lead to physical and mental health issues. Thank you and I hope you agree with my statements.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3, @ CAPS4 Many people think that computers are bad, there are many reasons why they are good. Computers are very environmentally friendly, just like @ PERCENT1 @ DATE1 people today. They also allow us to type homework and other important documents. Neither do people know that they are not the worst @ ORGANIZATION1 in the market today. Computers @ MONTH1 take away from people time they should be spending exercise, but computers aren't the only thing that causes more people to spend time watching @ CAPS5 than they do any other. activity, @ PERSON2 head @ DATE1 @ ORGANIZATION1 conducted a survey at @ DATE1. His survey showed that on @ DATE1, @ NUM1 respondents @ PERCENT2 spent @ NUM2 hours per day looking @ CAPS5, @ PERCENT3 spent @ NUM3 hours on the computer, @ PERCENT4 spent @ NUM4 hours reading and @ PERCENT5 spent @ NUM4 hours of exercise. So it's clear that computers aren't our biggest problem. A lot of people today are "@ CAPS7" or "@ CAPS8-environment". Instead, @ DATE1 buying newspapers or magazines, most people go online to research current events. @ PERSON1, @ CAPS9 @ DATE1 the @ ORGANIZATION2. Said if we use computers instead @ DATE1 logs @ PERCENT6 @ DATE1 the trees we cut down every year will be saved. So obviously computers are environmentally friendly. The youth of today are messier than they have ever been. @ CAPS10 has trouble grading papers and tests because @ DATE1 children write by hand. So, instead of the @ DATE1 handwritten papers, children make it easier on @ CAPS10 by typing their work. Recent studies show that @ PERCENT7 @ DATE1 @ CAPS10 find it easier + better for children to type papers. This shows that children are better off typing papers and homework. I hope you now understand my position on computers. They also help us in many other ways. In conclusion, they don't take as long as everyone @ MONTH1 thinks. They also help us with research, are environmentally friendly and help young @ DATE1 our world to become cleaner one click at a time.
Dear @ PERSON1, I myself think computers could help you. With a lot of things like my teacher gave my class homework and we had to find some facts about @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 the @ NUM1. And if it hadn't been for the computer, I wouldn't know anything about @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 le @ NUM1. In addition, the computer could help you find the long lost family memories, because when my grandfather passed away, my mother found her sister on the computer. Also on the computer I could discover other states that I don't know and the computer could teach you a lot that my mom and my teacher can't teach @ CAPS5. Nah @ CAPS6 just saying that computers could teach you a little bit that people don't know.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, I recently started researching the effects computers have on people and found some shocking facts. I don't think computers benefit society at all. Three reasons I think this is because it causes people to lack exercise, enjoy nature and interact with friends @ CAPS1 is a growing problem in @ LOCATION1 and a major factor for @ CAPS1 are computers. In fact, static, so people who spend more time exercising than looking at electronic devices all day are actually living longer. So my number one reason computers don't benefit society is that they allow people to miss out on exercise. People need exercise to live, and computers are lacking more than ever. Additionally, exercise gives you a plus that makes you happy if you live your life exercising instead of watching or doing violent things on the web that will lead to a less violent future. My second reason is that computers make nature less enjoyable. Nature is a beautiful thing filled with quivering lakes, the beautiful scent of fine balm and thousands of creatures. With computers, many children miss out on the fresh air and adventures that nature has in store for them. My parents didn't have a computer when they were little, and they say they enjoyed running around their neighborhood, playing sports and other fun activities. Finally, computers lack interaction with friends. Remember when you were little and you would call your friend out and stay overnight, well now computers have made it difficult for people to call or go out with friends. Instead, you can just @ CAPS2 or email them and @ CAPS3 you can have a conversation without even looking at a person ! In conclusion, computers cause a lack of exercise, enjoyment of nature and interaction with friends. Please help and encourage others to help me shut down computers ! Thank you for your time and I hope you have learned some shocking and interesting facts from this letter.
TO: @ ORGANIZATION1 goes so fast, and the more they make the more new invitations. They had invented a computer that helps people with the work they have to do, but there is a big problem is that people are spending too much on computers especially in teenagers. I suggest this is a horrible idea because they spend less time being active also less time having fun with friends and family and @ CAPS1 it's dangerous for teens. However, a lot of people @ MONTH1 disagree with me. There are so many teens and adults just wasting time in front of the computer, instead of playing outside enjoying nature, exercising and having fun. Don't you think that's a great idea. Well, a friend of mine would go out to play outside every day. I think . What I really miss. You know when you are going to be spending time with your family. But guess what they are in the computer, wasting time instead of spending time with your family. Do you think it's good? Well, just because that's how the family gathers and stops coming to visit you. It's so sad that the family is separated. That's not all because do you think people will have dangerous problems, well they are. Do you know how you get a myspace and you eat a boy that says its the name of your age and tells you if he can meet you and you say yes and say you were a @ NUM1 year old girl he is like @ NUM2 years old. He will abuse you or kill you. You thought he was @ NUM1, but he wasn't. I think it's dangerous for children. I think it's a horrible idea to have computers, because you will spend less time spending time in nature, also less time spending with your family and getting into dangerous things. However, folks @ MONTH1 disagree with me, but what if your child was in danger. How would you feel People should really think about having computers.
Who in the world would say that a computer is useless. No one, the computer is one of the most useful devices ever. I think computers are great and can help you develop your skills. I have @ NUM1 reason why it develops skills, fast information and fun. Now let's start competently. Skills are things that you must have if you want to pursue a career. You can learn skills from books, television, and computers. For example, I learned to type quickly on a keyboard from a computer on a game called type to learn. After a week of this game. I was typing like a pro. The computer also has chess to help build the strategy. Just ask my super smart English teacher @ PERSON1 "she says chess builds character and strengthens your spirit. Continuing, I want to talk about how you can get information in an instant with computers. experts say this is the number one way to get iinfo wrong. I know I'm okay with that, after studying for a test on @ LOCATION1 carver in my book, but one of my pages was therefore missing. J I used my computer not only did I get my information quickly. I got more information than the book. The next day I passed my test. @ NUM2 percent. You see how well a computer can be useful. Finally, I want to tell you about the good old-fashioned dohon fun. As you know they are great for developing skills and getting information, but you can still use a computer for fun. Do you know someone in the world who can say e that the computer is not fun. No you can't because everyone uses the computer for fun things like online games, videos and chats Thanks for my reason on computer skills, having information and having fun.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, In many ways, computers have been of great service to the rare human. They can be used to search for information, talk to family and friends about music, etc. Don't you think people waste more time on the computer instead of exercising. Clearly, computers can do just about anything they want. But why spend your time on the computer when you can spend time with your family. Play sports or get some fresh air. I think computers have a positive effect on people and a negative effect, one of the positive effects is being able to talk to friends. I know sometimes we can't see them so much at school. In my opinion, I think this is a great way to catch up on the fun times you can share with your friends. Now here is the negative effect. Mang children are bullied and picked on by other children on the Internet. This can cause other children to have low self-esteem and cause dangerous events in the future. When it comes to computers, they have saved the lives of many people. Some of these ways are to find cures for harmful diseases. Computers have information when severe weather storms arrive and prepare us for the weather. Wouldn't you agree that computers have played a huge role in our lives. Sometimes we take a break and enjoy nature. So have fun with technology and don't forget to stay active too.
Dear local newspaper, Have you ever wondered why people spend so much time on the computer? The effect of people on a computer is good and has had because the good parts allow you to communicate with people in remote places like you can talk to someone you have been with at @ LOCATION1 with @ LOCATION1 and / or @ CAPS1 @ LOCATION1 with. The bad part is that if you are on the computer all the time, you are neglecting the time spent with your family and friends. When you spend all your time on the computer you become a couch potato and his very poor health is also a good reason is that a family member has moved and you have to communicate by webcam so if you like to live to @ LOCATION2 and your family here at @ STATE1 other by sending letter and sending pictures but they can't see how you are acting and on the phone you can only hear voices you can see everything. A lot of people disagree because a lot of people think computers are a big waste, so that's all I have to say on the subject.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 oppinon on computers is people should use them. Think about your children, when they grow up they will need to know how to use a computer for school or even for work. He also teaches hand-eye cordanation for multitasking. The computer is also fun and easy to use. I'm pretty sure you like using a computer, who doesn't? @ CAPS2 The first reason is that you will have to use a computer in everyday life. For example, if you go to a job interview, most @ CAPS3 will ask you how many words a minuet can you type what you need to be proficient. Also at school, if you have a writing assignment, it would take longer to write it than to type it. Any @ CAPS3 you will need to type at one point or another. In addition to your job as @ CAPS1, you must use a computer every day. The computer also teaches hand-eye cordanation. Hand-eye cordanation is much like a multitasking task that you can type and talk on the phone or even do exercises and text. Hand-eye cordanation is a very important skill in life. All the @ CAPS3 you will need to multitask, like in a library you need to find a book and talk to people. Even behind the wheel of a car, you have to multitask to stay close at hand, you have to operate one quickly from the brakes and gasoline, and you have to watch the road. You have to multitask with hand-eye coordination. Your luck, a computer teaches you. The last and final reason for @ CAPS2 is its fun and ease of use. I was @ NUM1 when I first started using a computer, I loved playing fun games. I was never able to type but I understood because if you have fun while you are it will be easy to turn. Just like math, it's not fun, but you have to learn how to do it. So if you like to have fun while doing something, the computer is for you. It's now or never for people to learn, get @ CAPS3, and get good grades. It's fun and easy to use. It teaches you hand-eye cordanation and multitasking. You will absolutely need to know how to use a computer for @ CAPS3 and the school. We need computers for life, we will always need to use computers for every day of our life. Don't tell people that it will notice your brain or you will become uncomfortable being in front of the computer. Can't you see all the good uses for computers?
Here is my @ CAPS1 I think computers are useful and here are my @ NUM1 reasons why kids can talk to their friends @ CAPS2 they are being punished. My second reason is that people can go to the computer @ CAPS2 they are bored for example: @ CAPS2 a child has beaten all their games and @ CAPS2 they are bored they will look for new ones to buy, my last reason is @ CAPS2 people want to search for something for something like their project, but @ CAPS2 the labireey is closed, they can just copy what they need. My first reason is that kids can talk to their friends on the computer @ CAPS2 they are grounded eg i was grounded at @ DATE1 for slapping my cousion in the face but still have to talking to my friends so we are still talking but the only way to cheat your parents is to say you ask your friend for homework. My second reason is that people can go to the computer @ CAPS2 they are bored for example: @ CAPS2 a child has beaten all his games and he is ready to go get new ones to buy or rent or play. downloadable games for the computer. My last reason is @ CAPS2 someone wants to search for something for their project and the liebreey is closed for information and is copying it for your project. My conclusion is that we need computers to survive without them, we will still be in the Stone Age.
Some people dislike computers for instant reasons, and other people dislike computers too much. I love computers but @ CAPS1 not obsessed with computers gives people good effort even me you can learn things on the computer and you start to have good hand eye coordination. A lot of people use the computer a little too much not to exercise, or they don't look at nature as much as some normal people (others) should, and they don't spend them with their families. I prefer to spend time on the computer for just (# @ NUM1) three hours so that I can do other things with my time and you or anyone else should do the same.
My take on computers is that I think it's a good idea for people to go to computers. I think of it this way because if you haven't seen someone for so many years, you have the chance to see that person or talk to that person through the computer. Computers are also useful, because if you have a project to do in school, you can get good information depending on the project you have to do. I like to go on the computer to talk to my friends that I haven't seen for a long time, you can also meet new people and make new friends. If it weren't for computers, we'd have to go through lots of books for information, or go to the bank to check your account balance, which is why I think the computers are good ideas. On the computer you can see the workouts to get in shape, we don't just have to go to the gym. My dad uses the computer to talk to his sisters or play games with other people around the world. Another example I could use is my mom's, she talks to her family at @ LOCATION1 and other places as well. If there was no computer, we couldn't get our tests, we couldn't get information. I think computers are great ideas, because it's good when you have to pay your bills as well. We could also interact with friends and families online which is what a lot of tenns and aults do if there was a rainy day or snowing and we didn't get the chance. to see our friends or our relitives. For some people, they think it's not a good idea because some people get addicted to computers, but there is so much you could do that the computer won't get you on board. This is why I think computers are a good idea and that they are very important.
A lot of people use computers today. But not everyone thinks they benefit society. But computers can do it all! You can research, you can play games, and most importantly, be free. Have you ever been given a school project to do, but no book contains the information you want? Well, the internet does. Lots of computers are connected to the interaction where you can find anything! Are you trying to find facts for your science project ? Just go to your favorite search engine and search for your topic. You will find endless pages on anything. Even if you don't do schoolwork, you can find just about anything on the Internet. Forgot the number of your favorite footballer? Look up its name and it will tell you right on your screen. Wondering why @ CAPS1 won @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3? Your choices are endless! Even if your computer does not have internet, you can play games. Playing games on your computer is a great hobby ! And if you are connected to the internet, you can play games with other people around the world. Playing games on your computer is a great hobby, but you can't play all the time, you have to find other things to do. There are a variety of computer games. Adventure games, shooting games, multiplayer games, and more! You can even play poker on your computer. I think the best part about any computer is your freedom to use it. You can do almost anything. You can go on the Internet, play games, and even talk to people. You can also customize your computer as you like. Do you have a photo of your cat? You can put it as a background on the desktop. You want another slider, you can change it to ! You can edit anything you want with just the click of a mouse. There you have it, the possibilities with computers are endless. You can learn, play and be free. But the most important part of using a computer is enjoying it and having fun!
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 personal experience, I think computers have a positive effect on people. Many people value their time on the computer because with today's technology a lot can be done and faster. @ PERCENT1 from @ CAPS2 have a computer at home. I do and it's just awesome. I did most of the things and in a short time. I think computers have a positive effect on people because today you can do almost anything. For example, I have family at @ LOCATION2 ; @ LOCATION3, @ LOCATION1 and @ LOCATION4, and instead of calling them on the phone, I could video chat with them and feel like you're actually there. What's more, you can now pay your bills online, and instead of sending a letter in the mail and waiting for it to arrive and having to buy stamps which are extremely expensive, you can just send an email. free. Most students do their homework on the computer. They type in essays, or while researching someone or something, they can just save them and take notes later. So basically a computer is almost a part of everyone's life and it can be entertaining, fun, and used for more important things. What I'm trying to say is that computers are part of every teenager's daytime routine. We love to interact with our friends and listen to music and bond with family and other people you are not used to contacting all on one tech. Some people even go to school on the computer and graduate in something. Computers are important, a computer will analyze my test and give me a score, so I think now you will agree with me when I say that computers have had and always will have a positive effect on people. Thank you for taking the time to listen to my opinion and I hope you agree.
@ DATE1 @ CAPS1 Local newspaper, I think computers have a huge impact on people. My thing is, the computer makes kids lazy and inactive. Having a computer will give children the opportunity to sit down and do nothing. I'm sure you've heard of websites like myspace, facebook, formsping, etc. These websites can cause a person to want to use a computer instead of exercising and staying healthy. I believe kids like me these days want to stay in touch with their friends. If the phone isn't in the photo, it's the computer. Also, getting rid of the computer can prevent gay people from grabbing children by pretending their age. Granted, the computer can be useful, but being on all day is just silly. I have a @ NUM1 year old brother who stays on the computer from the time he gets up until the time he falls asleep. Compared to me he is not at all fit and healthy, which is what countless hours on the computer have done to him. In fact, he's on myspace so much that he has more than @ NUM2 friends and he doesn't even make half of them, he gives them his number and home address. Have you noticed that a lot of kids want to do this these days. can when you prefer to waste the computer other than outside and at least yourself. I have always loved football but was able @ CAPS2 to find the time to play with my brother. It's just chicks and of course the computer. I'm not asking to take computers into people's homes, but to end the daily hours spent on them because time is something money can buy @ CAPS2. Some children will remember those days wondering how much time they wasted for nothing. long story short as life, don't spend it all for nothing.
Dear NewsPaper, people are spending too much time on computers. You could be outdoors enjoying nature, playing sports or traveling. Some people say that you can learn about animals and plants on a computer, but there is nothing quite like being really outside with them. People who hike and really enjoy being outdoors are @ PERCENT1 smarter than those who don't. I like being more outside than inside and I have straight A's. Sport is also a good way to go out. My favorite sport is baseball and I'm pretty good at it. Some places say computers can help you with your hand-eye coordination, but how can a computer help you with that? Sports are what help you with hand-eye coordination. Exercising can also help you get stronger. Baseball is the reason I can do a NUM1 pound bench press. @ PERCENT2 of children who play sports are not overweight, but @ PERCENT3 of children who are not. Traveling is also a good way to go out. I like to travel. I am fluent in English, French and Spanish. My favorite place to go is north from @ CAPS1 to @ LOCATION1. Computers can show you pictures of a place, but when you're there, it's really fascinating. An image on a computer cannot even compare to what it really is. You also can't walk on a computer, drink water from a stream, or ride an elevator. There really is no comparison. Computers are much worse and much worse for real nature. Compared to real life and nature, there really is no comparison. Computers are not as good as real life. You can enjoy outdoor sports, travel the world, all just by being outdoors. Thank you for your time.
Do you remember school projects sitting bored and watching your @ CAPS1 stations or sitting in the doctor's office waiting for boredom? Well neither! Since the computer was invented, there has been a lot of progress and all of those things are gone. There was a time when the only way to do a project on a country was to look through the paper until you found something now with the advancements in IT that you can enter. this country. In fact, @ PERSON1, a computer expert and inventor of one of the most advanced computers in the world, says finding information is now from @ PERCENT1 to @ PERCENT2 easier depending on the subject. Plus, you no longer have to work on a redundant type write that always makes errors that you need to retype. You can just use @ ORGANIZATION1 and type in your essay. Anything misspelled is underlined in red, so you rarely get a spelling mistake. Because of this increase in knolage, from a learning point of view, computers are extremely good for mankind. My second reason that computers are extremely good for us is that they are fun. On your new laptop you can use miniclips or addicting games, both gaming websites and games. These games are not only fun, they improve hand-eye coordination which helps with sports, driving, writing and more. More advanced gaming computers called consoles such as @ CAPS2-box @ NUM2, by @ ORGANIZATION1, @ NUM3, @ CAPS3 by @ CAPS4 provide an extreme gaming experience. One of the newer games for these consoles is called @ CAPS5 or @ CAPS6 ! Modern @ CAPS7 @ NUM4. This game has an online system where you can talk and play against people from all over the world. Not only that, but advanced games like @ CAPS5 from @ CAPS6 improve eyesight. Studies show that playing intense action game at NUM4 hours per day will improve eyesight more than eating NUM6 servings of carrots per day. My last reason computers are good for you is that they take on boring expectations. If you've got everyone at @ CAPS10 you know lime can last @ NUM4 hours. People were waiting for it just standing there. Now users can take out their @ CAPS11 or @ NUM8 player and listen to music. The @ CAPS11 can take videos and photos as well as play music, videos and games. If you are lucky enough to have an I touch, you can check your email, inventory, weather and news right on your @ CAPS13 as well as buy songs that may be @ NUM9 cheaper than @ CAPS14. In conclusion, all this technological advantage benefits us greatly. Now we can discover new and interesting things having fun while improving eyesight and we don't have to wait.
Dear local newspaper @ CAPS1, I think some people are not too much on computers. Some people can talk to their family members. To see if they're okay or if they're bad so they know. What if someone dies in his family and he does not know anything about these people. It could be their parents, grandma, grandfather, aunts, uncles or it could be one of their best friends. Some people may also be in their bank account. To see if they can withdraw money from the bank. Can also send money by going to computer and sending to family members. They may be paying a bill by computer. The money they have in that bank or they could do something about it. I also think people use the computer a lot. Just like children, they go to the computer to play games. This is not the case for the small child because if they continue on the computers. They might not want to get away from the computer. Then parents will have such a hard time calling their children to eat or go to sleep. It's going to be hard work to do. So I think some people should go out to exercise and enjoy nature. I believe people will go outside and exercise, enjoy nature, and spend more time with their families. And thanks to the local newspapers. Some people are also now things on people are on certain ele.
I People spend too much time on the computer. A lot of people are on the computer for about the whole day. They should spend time with their family and friends. People never have enough time for activities. In addition, the computer should primarily be used for talking with family and friends, homework, research, bored @ CAPS1 games, and work. For starters, people need to spend more time with family and friends rather than on the computer. For example @ CAPS1 your mom or dad asked you @ CAPS1 that you wanted to go out to dinner and you said no I'm on the computer that would just mean you are obsessed with using the computer. Lots of families are broken up because people spend too much time on the computer @ CAPS1 you have a friend and they say I'm bored and all you do is play games on the computer that this it's just being rude because your friend is bored. So you need to get out of the computer and spend time with your loved ones. Previously, I explained how people spend time with their loved ones, well, people also need to spend more time doing activities. A lot of humans sit on the computer and eat so over time they get fat. @ CAPS1 you are gaining weight because you are on the computer so you don’t need to go for an activity to lose that fat. @ CAPS1 you are a teenager and you have the idea to play sports and you do it because the computer is more important than the serious obedience to the computer. Therefore, the computer should be used wisely. The computer should be used for talking to family and friends, doing homework, researching, working, and @ CAPS1 you are bored to play small games on the computer. These are probably the most important things that probably should be used for the computer. A lot of these things I have listed are important because @ CAPS1 you go to the computer just to be turned on and watch people talk so what's the point of wasting your time on the computer when you could be doing much more different things on the computer. For example, @ CAPS1 you have homework such as vocabulary and you need definitions, you can go to www.dictionary.com to find them, or @ CAPS1 you just need to define a simple word. In conclusion, people spend too much time on the computer. They need to spend more time with their family and friends. People also need to do more activities in their life. Finally, you should use the computer for useful things like homework or even very important research. So, as you can see, humans are spending too much time on the computer rather than doing much more important things.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, I am aware that many people report that people spend too much time on computers and do not exercise enough. I will explain why in a few paragraphs. First of all I would like to start by saying that it is good that people love computers and work with them because it reserves their learning activities and they learn new things and it will help them to be successful in life, people play games, crosswords, puzzles, and a lot more. Same internet use for ingredence, car parts etc. Then the use of computers is very useful for the human race as it will affect the school of students, parents / guardians / teenagers. It will have an effect and many schools are now using computers and especially students to do theirs. It affects parents because its use will help them be successful in life and help them find jobs, along with their jobs. Finally, they get enough exercise because they go to bed, eat, go to school, work, or do anything for the day that involves walking. Nobody just sits at home and does nothing these days. Their always something to do or a place to go. Well, I hope you think about what I told you and take it into account. Thank you for your time, and don't forget that your work is also done on the computer.
Dear @ CAPS1, people are using computers all over the world for one reason or another, but they are very needed in our world. This is why computers have a good effect on people today. They help us contact distant family members. Children rely on them to study or do their homework. Adults need them for their jobs, like sending emails or typing a proposal. This is why computers have a good effect on us. Like me, many children have family across the ocean or across the country, so it's hard to contact them anyway. Calling them @ MONTH1 is expensive in most cases and sending letters certainly takes a long time to reach them. With email, the message will be sent quickly and free of charge. You can also have smooth email conversations. Another very effective way to contact family is through skype or a webcam. This way you can see your family from miles away from the comfort of your own home. Computers also help children. Kids like me always have homework on the computer. It could be typing a final draft of a document or taking notes about a historical figure, either way, they both require a computer. Of course, there are books for taking notes on people, but do books type papers? Children and adolescents can also use them for studying. I am constantly using the computer to practice Spanish using a website with worksheets and a flash card to help me. Computers only help children, they also help adults. Many of the adults at @ LOCATION1 and in other countries are business people. They're constantly emailing, typing in proposals, and all that stuff. And without a computer, it would all be very difficult. Businessmen are not the only ones to do this, however. My dad, an electrician, has to send emails and documents about his latest project several times a week. Outside of work, we use them in our daily life. For example, ordering clothes and toys, but the most popular is to do your taxes online. It's faster and easier and that's why @ PERCENT1 from @ CAPS2 complete their taxes online. Computers have a good effect on people of this age. Not only am I giving my opinion, it's also more of a fact. They help us stay in touch with distant relatives, help our children stay on top in school, and help our parents and other adults with their day-to-day work. Not only are they useful, but they are necessary and I hope you agree with me.
Dear local newspaper? Today I am writing this letter to you on computers. I believe people who don't have a computer have the right to say that people are online rather than exercising. My three topics are that they teach hand-eye coordination, empower people to learn, and empower people to communicate. First of all, computers aren't just for talking about it ! It gives them the opportunity to learn hand-to-hand. If people believed computers are just for fun. They would teach you how to type and take a lesson on typing without looking on the keyboard. Second, it gives people the opportunity to experience other cultures or where one is located. @ PERCENT1 on the American people, people are online. learning, and the @ PERCENT2 are online jobs to be online. And the little children? Where the . I'm sure they buy them educational games online. Finally, it gives the possibility of. With other people. If there is a school that is closing a deadline, you don't know you would like to get as. people the ability to check what's going on in the world or check the weather. This is the reason why I really believe people should be online at least twice a week.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 has no effect on people because you can play games, web chat, and watch hilarious videos on computers. Also, you can use the computers for a research project or you can use the @ CAPS2 for some facts about @ CAPS3 people like @ PERSON2, @ PERSON1 and @ LOCATION1. Also, who would like to enjoy their @ CAPS2 and exercise, exercise is so boring and lame. Second, who would especially like to enjoy nature, walking in deserts is so boring, you will walk in the mud, ticks will be all over the body, mosquitoes will try to bite you when you sweat. As children grow up, they usually don't want to interact or hang out with their family, they want to hang out with their friends every day. In addition, they mostly want to use technology for. Kids spend time texting their cell phones when they're not in the mood to call. Third, computers give you eye-hand coordination, they teach you to type without looking at the keyboard. Computers also teach you how to place your fingers on the home row for the keyboard. Finally, @ CAPS2 is really benefiting society because you can use this technology in college, high school and university. As you get older, you will learn more about these types of technologies. In addition, children could teach their parents to use computers if they do not know how to do so. Teaching your parents to use @ CAPS2 is a big responsibility for your actions.
To whomever this @ MONTH1, @ ORGANIZATION1, almost everyone has them. Computers can make it easier to find certain places using search engines such as @ CAPS1 or @ CAPS2 they are also a means of communication. I think people who use computers benefit society because scientists use computers every day, to plan to send a ship into space, or to track the progress of an experiment. Computers help people stay organized. Many teens and children use their computers to shop and stay in touch with their friends. Some people think that people spend too much time on computers. Let @ MONTH1 be true, but also remember what he does for the company. When people spend less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends, it's a personal choice. It's not like they're forced by @ ORGANIZATION1.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 People use computers, but not everyone claims that it benefits society. In my opinion, computers benefit society. There are @ CAPS1 websites that can help you find information. Computers also make it easy for people to work. A third reason is that companies @ CAPS1 can use them to earn business. If you are doing a project or need to find information about something, the Internet is one of the easiest ways to find this information. Google.com has so much information on almost any topic you can think of. If you are a teenager who does not have a driver's license and there is no one to take you to the library, the computers allow you to deliver the report / project on time. There are also websites that tell you where you need to go. Mapquest.com is a quick and easy way to help you find the way forward. Computers make it easy for people. If a family member lives far away and you don't have enough money to pay the phone bill, computers help keep you in touch. There are websites that can help you keep in touch with old friends you no longer see. Computers are one of the only ways people who fight in wars can talk to their loved ones. They can't have a phone and sending a letter can take a long time. Businesses use computers for easy public access. If you are a new business, you can put a classified ad on the yahoo.com screen and millions of people will see it. They therefore use computers to make flyers easily and quickly. Making a hundred flyers by hand can take hours. But on computers all you have to do is create one and then you can print a hundred. The use of computers helps society. you can easily find what you are looking for and you can talk to whoever you want. Also, it is easy for businesses to attract business. These are just a few of the @ CAPS1 reasons why computers are good for society.
Dear local newspaper, I understand that computers are increasingly becoming a "must have" in people's daily lives. I think this is a good thing! If you're on the computer, you type which helps improve people's hand-eye coordination. Additionally, you can learn about people, places, cultures, and more. Finally, you can communicate online with other friends or even meet new people. For starters, I think having computers is a good idea because it helps people improve their hand-eye coordination. My cousin @ PERSON3, who is a great baseball player, had a hard time catching the when he was younger. He kept trying over and over again and never gave up. Then, for her birthday, her parents bought her a computer! He was so excited, but when it came to typing papers he wasn't the best. Not only did he play baseball, but also typing. His family realized that buying him this computer was the best idea. It improved his baseball career (throwing and catching the ball) and increased his grades in school. However, @ PERSON3 is not the only one who has achieved hand-eye coordination through computers. A recent study from Yale University shows that @ PERCENT1 of people who use the computer for at least a month acquire some sort of hand-eye coordination. @ PERSON1, a teacher in the high school computer class says: "@ CAPS1 freshman I get in my class tells me that computers have made their athletic careers easier because they now have better hand-eye coordination." Computers have two things in one, you learn to type and help your hand-eye coordination. Do you want @ CAPS3 to lack this positive ability in life ? Plus, computers help you learn more about people, places and cultures. I heard a few nights ago that @ ORGANIZATION2 had had an earthquake. I also learned about the powertrain explosion at @ LOCATION2, @ LOCATION1. How do I know all of this, you ask? The first page on @ CAPS2.com! But I am not the only one to have acquired this knowledge on the Internet, many others have also. @ ORGANIZATION1 conducted a survey on the number of @ CAPS3 using the computer for research and @ PERCENT2 replied yes. Does the company really want to take away from @ CAPS3 the knowledge of what is going on around us and our history ? In conclusion, people can communicate with friends and relatives. It's great if you haven't seen them recently, or just want to keep in touch. For example, @ PERSON4, mycousin, just found me on facebook. I haven't seen her for eight years but now I talk to her all the time. We talk about visiting each other and how our families are doing. But you can also talk to your friends. Studies show that @ PERCENT3 from @ CAPS3 ages eleven to eighteen talk to their friends on Facebook on a daily basis. Dr @ PERSON2, an adolescent psychiatrist, says: "I think it is a great idea for @ CAPS3 to communicate with others @ CAPS3 through the computer. It gives them the ability to interact in a way. different." @ CAPS3 has such a great lifestyle for them, do you want to feel guilty that you ruined it? Finally, people have perfect opportunities right in front of them. Computers help improve hand-eye coordination and help you learn. It also allows people to interact with others in a different way. Do you think these golden ideas are bad for our society?
Dear: local newspaper I agree with the experts who say the computer should be used because I said people need computers because they are important, computers search fast and people communicate from the computer. People have a computer in their houses because we and they need us sometimes to need you to take a few minutes to say a word, but if you look at the computer you will see at a second and so we should stay with the computer and more @ CAPS1 needs a computer so very important for @ CAPS1 because for a while they can't stand something and they looked in the counter like stolen, is that we have homework and that we have to to know an important person that we have to learn on the computer easily. Some people do not have a computer at home. But they go to and for the thing they have to get away from. I have to think about spending time with a famous one. But we have to get computer because we need it. Some people play and play. But for important on a work from home and some people to theirs. Jobs require a computer and most computer needs are like wanting to be a police officer and a police officer. They have a small computer in their car to do their shopping and that is important for the police. So I know most celebrities want to be together to hang out with celebrities, but we have to be concerned about our future because we need a computer to help us and we need the computer for the future. . And this is my oppeneang for this help you agree with my words.
Dear Local Newspaper: @ CAPS1 you being the local newspaper, you have the power to say what you think about the effects computers give to people. I believe that computers give great effects to people because they teach hand-eye coordination, give people the opportunity to learn from distant places, and they allow you to talk to people. Altogether @ PERCENT1 people agree with my idea on computers. First, the use of computers teaches people hand-eye coordination. For example, my grandmother told me that she knew how to use her hands and eyes well thanks to the computer. This is because she types and searches for information all day. Overall, computers are designed to help your eyes and hands focus better. Second, computers have a lot of interesting information about distant places. @ PERSON1 from @ ORGANIZATION1 quotes : "I always use computers for my job because it helps me learn a lot of new things. @ CAPS2, it allows my wife and I to research details of a trip we wish to take . " @ CAPS2, people agree with what @ PERSON1 has said. However, people @ MONTH1 say computers often give the wrong information, but if you find a wonderful website it will never lie to you. Thirly, if you are using computers, will allow you to chat online or video chat with friends or family all over the world. It benefits you, because if you haven't seen your loved ones in ages and can't buy a ticket to visit them, then video chat. It has brought people together so much and you see the world in a whole new way. @ CAPS2, instead of wasting all your cell phone minutes, buy a laptop or computer with a camera on it so you can video chat. Finally, it is important to take an interest in people and be active in the lives of others. In conclusion, you will have excellent eye coordination, you will be able to search for distant places, and you will still be allowed to video chat or talk to your family online. @ CAPS2, I want you to tell the world that computers are useful and people use them every day without a problem. Finally, you'll have the best feeling if you make everyone smile knowing that you think spending time on the computer can teach you a lot!
Computers? Have you ever thought about how a computer is made or how every little part of a computer is installed? Well unfortunately I don't have the answers to these questions but I have another question for you to think about. Is the computer bad for you? Well I think they aren't because first of all they teach us hand eye coordination, give people the chance to learn more about places and people that they don't have. never seen or never even heard of, and finally they allow people to talk to distant relatives or friends without ever having to join them. Like I said before, the computer gives people good visual coordination. For example, people are usually not very good at catching a ball at first, but of course if you keep practicing you will improve. Same thing with the computer, at first you are not very good or fast at typing, but if you keep practicing you will gradually become faster. Then this good habit will help you at school or at work. Second, the computer gives people the ability to learn about places or people they have never seen or heard of. For example, some people may not have heard the waterfalls, trails, or food from @ ORGANIZATION1 yet. Another example is that some people might not know that the belly dance is from @ LOCATION1. or the great dragon came from @ LOCATION2. The excellent source to discover all of these things in no time without having to. The computer is also great for the elderly who are in wheelchairs and cannot take too much. Finally, it allows people to talk online with distant relatives or family members. It's better because afterwards a father went on a business trip to another country and talking on the phone is really satisfying and you can also forget to send letters. It's always nice to say hello to a dad, mom, or even a distant cousin online where you can see how much they've grown. I hope you took my side on this judgment because it is very important to me. Please remember my three reasons and remember that this includes you.
The computer can be used for anything, but sometimes people use it for illeagle things like music, some music sites are illeagle, and sometimes things off the internet. People who meet on the Internet can sometimes be dangerous because some people lie about their age or post fake photos of themselves.
Dear @ CAPS1, computers play a huge role in society. Lots of adults and kids spend a lot of time on a computer every day and I think that's bad. Instead of being on computers, I think it would be better to spend time with your family. Exercising and enjoying the outdoors is also a good, time-consuming activity. Study, schoolwork, and work are also important things that people should be doing instead of being on the computer so much. Family is very important in life and some people take advantage of it. Instead of being on the computer all day, spending the house with the family and doing activities with them could be more fun. For example, most teens come home from school and go to that computer to talk to friends or play games instead of talking with those parents about that day or whatever. By spending time with the family, not only do you learn more about them, but you can get closer and be able to talk with them about everything. Nature is a beautiful thing. Of course, you can see nature photos on the Internet, but! it is not the same as the real thing. Outdoors, enjoying nature, going for walks, runs or even hikes, you can exercise. Exercise is a very important thing in a person's life because you have to be in shape to be healthy, and being on a computer would be fine. Adults, and even some teenagers, have jobs. Although some jobs involve computers, most do not. No one can find a job by spending all day on the computer playing games. I talk to people. Teenagers are doing well while playing a game while talking. The computer is on all the time. There are many important activities such as spending time with family, enjoying nature, doing schoolwork, and working. Computer is not required. We live, so I think the use should use them
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 tired lazy people sitting at their computers and wasting their lives because of it. The problem is whether people are spending too much time on the computer or not. I firmly believe that people spend too much time on the computer. And here are the @ CAPS2 reasons why people spend less time exercising, people don't appreciate nature, and less time interacting with family and friends. Without a doubt, you probably know that exercise is at least somewhat useful in life, @ CAPS4 if people are sitting at home @ NUM1 on the computer without exercising, it will cause people to wait too long. Because the longer they stay seated. And do nothing other than the computer. The more they are, the lazier they will be. So they won't want to do anything and it's really just a life size. And, in some cases, it can cause depression. Just ask a local resident who says "@ CAPS2 mom was on the computer all the time doing nothing with her life", and @ CAPS3 she got depressed. And, shortly thereafter, committed suicide. "@ CAPS3 more and more people will be. I know a lot of people like to be outside when the weather is nice and sunny. @ CAPS4 @ CAPS1 someone on that day "there in a room, with their eyes on the computer screen. Because they can't think of anything else to do with their life. @ CAPS4 @ CAPS1 if that was someone you loved." Do that with their lives. I'm pretty sure you would try to do something to help get them out of this path. Just ask another local resident @ PERSON1 who says, "I remember coming home all days, and there was @ CAPS2 mom, no blinds, no block, it was like a dark cave, and she would sit there for hours on the computer spoiling her life, and I remember asking her how long you haven't been out, she replied, it's been almost two months. "@ CAPS4 I know from @ CAPS2 family that there was a member family of mine who was a "computer addict" And, I remember at a family reunion @ CAPS2 aunt was the only one who could ever co me. Because she was too busy on the computer. And she
@ PERCENT1 of all people in @ LOCATION3 have computers. This number shows how many people appreciate the technological advancements of the computer. It helps us communicate better, get information faster, and keep us entertained. IT has a very positive effect on us. With the invention of the computer, more and more people can communicate faster and easier. For example, say @ CAPS1 you want to talk to a friend in @ LOCATION1, all you have to do is go to a social networking site and talk to them. Also @ CAPS1 you have relatives who live across the country you can use a webcam to chat with them. When you can talk to people all over the world. You can learn a lot more about the culture of other countries and the way of life in other cities. Finally @ CAPS1 a parent is away, you can still talk to your uncle or grandmother, the relationship gets better. The Internet and computers are a wealth of information. With all the search engines on the internet, you can find out how big a maple tree is or how to lose weight. Others @ MONTH1 say that sitting and not moving while learning is bad, but you can look for new and exciting family activities, nature walks and exercises. When students need information about a school project, they can keep looking instead of going to the library. Thanks to the Internet, people are smarter. Thanks to the Internet, there is hardly any boredom. Children and adults alike are never bored. Boredom is bad, because children will do anything to stop it. When the computer arrived, people could play games, watch @ CAPS2.V. and movies, and doing business. @ CAPS1 you missed your favorite @ CAPS2.V. Show that you can go online and watch them. @ CAPS1 you need to send a letter to @ LOCATION2, the email is up and your mail will never be slow. And finally, there are many games you can play on the internet to maintain that hand-eye coordination. With all of these exceptionally great things, we can all live in a happier and better world. There is faster information, better communication and better entertainment. All research was in a very good world.
Dear local newspaper: @ CAPS1 I am @ PERSON1, @ CAPS2 I will tell you some positive and negative points: The truth about computers. First @ CAPS2 will tell you some good things about computers. The internet is virtual at your fingertips, delivering the smartest questions to the most asking. On the internet everything is easier, I mean all you have to do to learn how it works is use a keyboard and a mouse. Computers have changed over the years from. Yes, computers have popular chat rooms @ CAPS3, facebook, twitter, flickr. Sounds cool yes, but the internet has a very dark side to it too! Second, here are some dark secrets of the computer. So far in the news, there have been reports of suicide from teenage life, reports like: girls commit suicide for lack of. The boys kill themselves because. Yes, we live in a world where everyone is judged for the way they are. Well, there you go, computers are good and bad, we just have to be.
Dear Diary, @ CAPS1, do you want people to be memorized so much by a computer that they miss the world around them ? @ CAPS1 you want the kids at @ LOCATION1 to spend hours every day on computers playing games while they could be outside for some fresh air ? The question then is whether @ CAPS1 computers have good or bad effects on people. The obvious answer is the bad effect. People are constantly using computers to teach them bad habits and may look for inappropriate things. IF people still play games on computers then when @ CAPS1 they come out for a jag. The answer is never. People who are constantly on the computer don't get enough exercise. One of the reasons many people at @ LOCATION1 are obese is that they don't get enough exercise. Computers do not help this situation at all. Some people say, "@ CAPS2 I'm just going to spend an hour on the computer and then go to workout." But, the time on the computer turns into two hours, then two hours into three, you know you've wasted the day written on the computer and haven't exercised at all. Plus, there are so many games on the computer now that can really be and you just can't stop playing them. Yes, some games can be a lot of fun, but you don't have to spend all day playing them. You can play a fun game for fifteen minutes and then go for some fresh air. As you can, the computer can memorize a lot, so they don't get enough exercise. Second, people have bad habits. For example, children still are. On the website, you can talk to your friends. On the computer, the problem is that people aren't using the. Too much and get used to writing like that. Then the @ MONTH1 kids start writing it at school and most even know it. Also, there are new websites where you can put personal information about yourself. This makes it easier for foreigners. learn your. Finally, it is very easy for people to even search for inappropriate things. Everything is on the Internet and little kids are going to be very curious about it. They can search for inappropriate words and pictures and no one will ever know. people may go through inappropriate information on their own so that others see that it may not be possible to capture it. And, if parents don't know their kids are looking for inappropriate things, then kids will keep looking because they know they won't get caught. So, as you can see, computers have a very negative effect on people. This makes people not easily take ownership of things. So go ahead and limit the time you spend on the computer to yourself.
Dear local @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, are you comfortable with computers ? Are they good or are they bad? I firmly believe that computers are bad and that people spend too much time on them. I would much prefer spending time outside where I can exercise ; @ CAPS3 not you? Computers are a waste of time and prevent family and friends from spending time together. Finally, computers can be very dangerous. People might be lying and you @ CAPS3 don't know it. For starters, computers avoid exercising and spending time outdoors. I know if I had to choose between staring at a boring computer screen all day and going out for a run; I would choose the race anytime. Computers don't keep people fit and healthy, so they should find something else to do instead. I have observed that the average teenager spends @ NUM1 to @ NUM2 hours a day on the computer. It's @ NUM1 to @ NUM2 hours that they could exercise or play outside. For example, walking the dog or kicking the soccer ball. You see, there are a lot of things you can do other than go to the computer. In addition, computers make it possible to spend quality time with friends and family. I know you can video chat and instant message them, but @ CAPS3 wouldn't you rather hang out with them in person ? Too many children are so on the computer that they don't know what is going on in their mother's or father's life. There are a lot of things kids can do with friends and family instead of using the computer. They could play a board game, watch a movie, and more. I guarantee they will enjoy these activities more than staring at a computer screen for @ NUM5 hours. Finally, computers are extremely dangerous. People have been killed because they don't know who they are talking to. The kids go to myspace and post pictures and messages, but they don't realize that everyone can see what they've said. Once they put something in there, they can't take it off. It is also dangerous because if someone applies to a school, that school can see what they offer and can refuse the person to the university. Hope you agree with me when I say computers are bad. They prevent people from exercising, spending time with friends or family, and are very dangerous. In my opinion, we should get rid of computers in every house.
The importance of computers in the modern world. Computers these days and days have become popular technology these days and daytime computers are a bigger calculator. The invention of computers was a very short cauculator. It is as if a mother is starting in your house. Lots of people have different computers that are more improved, faster, and of better quality. The computer is now and the days are improving their technology, every day billions buy computers all over the world, but that doesn't mean that there is the best quality, but people are striving for better modern inversions.
Computers, one of the things we use every day and @ CAPS1 with. Some experts worry that people are spending too much time on the awesomeness of computers! I love computers but as a teenager I know how to manage your time on the computer. You cannot sit back and waste your time on the computer. The time wasted on your computer may be the time you may be spending time having fun outdoors. There is plenty to do outside! As for a few examples: @ CAPS1 come play ball, run, go to the park, explore etc ... Friends and family are great fun, I have lots of friends and I love them all ! If you have free time, you should spend time with them and have fun, go to the mall! I always go to the mall with my friends instead of playing on the computer for hours. So get out of the computer and go @ CAPS1 ! Have a fan in the sun today.
I don't agree with what people say about computers. Likewise, they teach hand-eye coordination. But they are not good enough for people. Let's see what I have to say to these people who think that computers have a positive effect on people. People are so fat! I wonder why. Because they spend too much time on computers and less time exercising. Anyway, @ PERCENT1 from @ LOCATION1 is obese. Conclude that some people die each year from excess weight. Think of it this way that baseball players and so on can earn around @ NUM1 to @ MONEY1 per year, isn't that what you want to be millionaires ? Isn't nature so great when you experience it? Well, I think so because people don't think before they cut trees. Think about animals, don't you think they get enough torching every year. Computers are such a bad influence on people because people need to experience life and not sit behind desks or houses being lazy. Myspace, facebook and all the other crazy sites on the web are not good. There are sexturall preteters all over the world who love to rape children and teenagers like us at batchelder. You shouldn't interact with friends on the Internet for this reason. You should exercise in the park with your friends and family. Plus, it's best to talk to new friends in person, as you may get to know them better as you grow older. There are many reasons why computers are bad and sometimes even worse. Don't use computers for stupid reasons. Or you could get killed. It makes you feel so much that you won't be able to walk. Keep that in mind folks.
Dear local journalists, the lot of CAPS1 computers that have helped us is the planet. Like don't let us dive in, these are cars for stuff. Learning was also easier for everyone with computers. Then, communicate with people who have computers. We should hate a box with information, we should be happy to have something like that in our house. Why we don't need cars sometimes if you have a computer. Since some people have decided that @ CAPS1 can have their own business, so they use the computer to start one. Then if you don't want to waste time driving to buy a t-shirt, you can just go to the computer and buy one. Then, the more we drive, the more pollution is against it. If we didn't have computers, the planet will become @ PERCENT1 more exhausted. Every year. Now do you want that to happen to the world? Finally, we will not waste gasoline on our cars because we use computers. If the computer was taken away, people would still go the lazy lane and just drive cars. Learning is easier for everyone with computers like we don't have to look in a book to find something. Then @ CAPS1 different learning programs to teach us a different language. Like many people, there is a college for people who haven't. Finally, it can help us with our homework if we have some on it. I really have my second brain, it has. Now a lot of. Third, communication is going to be very complicated with computers. Say you don't have one and that you're sending a lot. The computer to help you, it will allow you to talk, then you can talk to other people like Japanese who know English, so now you know how @ CAPS1's life is yours. You can ask people questions. Or just for fun, you can play mind game with other people. I chatted with my old friend a lot because of it and I miss them, but it's the only way I can talk to them without my parents yelling at me because the phone bill is so high. The biggest or the fastest of a computer lets us know that we don't have that much to do. Like pollution is the air. Then we can learn quickly without a book. Finally, to allow us to talk to my old friend, then can anyone believe me that the computer is not that bad.
Hello, my name is @ PERSON1 @ CAPS1 and I am going to make it clear to you that computers can benefit our society. First, @ CAPS3 makes it easy for students to get good grades on projects and reports. Second, you can apply for jobs online. Finally, computers allow people to chat with other people. First of all, the computer allows your children who are also students to better do their projects and their reports. They help children's reports because, for example, they report on "@ CAPS2 lincon", they have access to the person's search to get the information they need right at home. By making reports with their computer, there is no need to use your projects, you can also search for information and print pitchers to make your project more dynamic and eye-catching for the youngest. In addition, @ CAPS3 allows you to enter your information to make @ CAPS3 look organized and neat. Therefore, if you are trying to find candidates without wasting your time, just look on the Internet. This way you want to go out there not knowing if there are jobs available and not seeing any. Also @ CAPS3 saves your to record the trip there. You can check the labor wages and regulations, and you can find out if you are getting the job faster. Finally, @ CAPS3 allows you to socialize. For example like facebook or / and myspace allows you to talk to school friends or friends you have met online. For adults who don't have a myspace or facebook account, they can use instant messaging, msn, aol, aim / aol or via chat. This way, adults can catch up at work and children can stay in touch with their friends or / and family. That is why @ CAPS3 believes that the computer with internet benefits our society projects, relationships, work appicatrone and specialization with family and friends.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, @ DATE1, everywhere you look technology is being used and it is benefiting many aspects of our lives @ DATE1. Many engineers strive to improve the popularity of technological devices, while others use it for communication or relaxation. study conducted by university @ ORGANIZATION2, the computer is the most widely used machine. Computers make a positive contribution to our education, economy and entertainment. As I mentioned earlier, the computer is beneficial for our education. An example of this is the school I attend, college. Here we have over @ NUM1 computers in use throughout the school day. These computers help students complete research papers, typed assignments, and other documents required by teachers. By using the computer to write research, students save hours browsing library books and money reading books. Plus, computer teachers organize files and enter grades online so students can check their grades. This is beneficial considering the number and the homework graded each week. In addition, a computer called the “ Parent Portal ” allows students to stay connected to school events that would not otherwise be mentioned in the aggregate as the computer is. Besides education, computers also affect our economy. Now, because of the wide variety of computer choices, a computer is affordable, starting as low as sixty dollars! This is a positive aspect of the computer because currently the economy has endured since the depression in the. Therefore, reason has caused families to suppress many useful technological devices. However, since the price of computers has fallen, buying has been stimulating. In addition, the computer has mainly improved the methods of. Instead of listening to a CD player, you can download and listen while chatting online with friends. This is very useful for last minute plan changes, as for those who do not have a phone, the @ MONTH1 communication can negatively affect your entertainment time. Additionally, kids can use the internet to play games to forget about a hard day at school, or an adult's tough work computers to produce what you watch at home on the couch and play video games as you. ordered on ebay. From facebook and myspace, to and "Gone with the Wind". Computers create an opportunity for relaxing entertainment.
Dear local newspaper, I think computers are having a bad effect on people's lives. Instead of using your time wisely and being active outdoors, you are inside your home on the computer playing games or chatting with your friends. If you're one of those people who is easily overweight or taking diabetes medication right now, I wouldn't easily recommend that you exercise or take a friend out for a walk in the park. This way you get to enjoy nature, chat with your friend instead of online, and get exercise too. If you haven't noticed, you are doing your friend a favor, too. Not only do you get good benefits on the outside, but so do your partner. Becoming more active @ MONTH1 even brings your friendship or family bond even closer. You might also improve your self-esteem because you will be looking at yourself in the mirror and feeling good about your new, healthy looking body. Also, if you are one of those people who are always depressed, feeling lonely, or just in a bad mood, this advice could be the key to your solution. Workouts and activities help you have more energy than you ever thought you had before. if i were you i would stop being lazy and actually enjoy your life and waste no time being lazy then walk away.
The effect of computers on people cannot be resolved for children and others. Computers are not good for people these days because people spend all their time on the computer and not realize that their eyes are missing and some people are addicted to them. Now people are using the computer like they're crazy. So, people think that computers are not harmful to them. The time people spend on the computer, they can spend time with family and friends. Helpful people are on the line with this computer stuff. People shouldn't use computers the way they do because all day long on the computer can damage your eyes and that's what people don't understand today. I think that should be a delay for when people go to computers.
Yes I believe computers benefit society because you can talk to other people it helps you learn and finally computers are part of today's technology. First of all, computers have really evolved from the old typewriter we had. Computers have helped life today for several different reasons. With computers, they help us learn or find things we didn't know. For example, if you have a project due on @ LOCATION1, then you probably won't know much about it. If you go on the internet you can find tons of stuff on this like who and what @ ORGANIZATION1 needs for water, how long the @ LOCATION1 is, where it is or whatever. on this subject. Also, another reason computers help us learn is that, let's say you go to a new job interview and have no idea where it is or even how to get there. If you type in the address and the internet will give you directions. Even if you don't know when your favorite show is on air tonight, grab it and the answer will be right in front of you. Second, why I believe computers benefit society is that you can talk to other people across the state, country, or the world, or even just down the street. Facebook and @ CAPS1 are also very helpful as one of my best friends moved in second grade. Just before Christmas I found her on facebook and now we are chatting and catching up because we haven't seen each other in years, @ CAPS2 alone took it over. Another reason is that if someone is gone to war or abroad, kids and parents can talk to them using email, skype, yahoo instant messaging, webcam or phone just @ CAPS2 alone by typing just before and fourth. You can also just use it for a work company to talk to your coworker or one of your employees on webcam to see things happening with profits, stores, etc. Finally, why I think computers really help us is that technology has come a long way. For example, if you had to type something you should have used a typewriter and these things are difficult to use. Today you just need to go to @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 and type it. @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 also has a spell check, you can email it to someone, or even change the font, color, font size and much more. Another reason is that with iphones or i touch now you don't have to be home, you can go out either and just use the internet for whatever you want. To find an application, find the length of @ CAPS5 @ CAPS6 @ CAPS7, or even just to order pizza, but technology has come a long way. This is why I agree that computers help benefit our society because you can talk to other people, it helps you learn new things that you did not know before and ultimately computers have changed a lot and they are part of our technology.
In my opinion, I think people should spend less time on computers, more time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. If people spend time on computers, they won't go down and get stuck on computers and then spend time like going to the park or the mall. In my second opinion, people shouldn't leave computers because if they go somewhere far away they can't contact you. If you use the computer you can get a computer that says it's free desktop, then you can take it far like : on a plane to north carolina, or virginia, or wasington @ ORGANIZATION1, or a party, or a road trip, or on a ferry to the Long Island Strait. For my third opinion, I agree that people shouldn't be off the computer because they might be planning a trip to a faraway place or a new home, or planning an anerveriry, or a new place for a moon. hunny a most beautiful place like ona peek hill or in a hotel with a heart shaped bed. For my fourth paragraph, I agree that people shouldn't be off computers that count a place rather than a house or a place they could be for that particular place where that person is. For the fifth paragraph, I agree that people should not be able to leave computers. I tell you why plan a birthday party for her kid or go to someone's house for a visit like in Tennessee. Or go to @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 to see a basketball team and @ CAPS1.S another team and they are called @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 lakers us caverlars. My conclusion is that people shouldn't be able to leave the computer.
Dear @ CAPS1 this concern of @ MONTH1, computers do a lot of things these days. You can play games, do your homework, socialize, but don't you think there are better things than that. Like exercising, enjoying the beauty of nature, and most of all, interacting with family and friends. These are all the things that computers take away from people. Once you're on a computer, you never want to get off it again. If you watch it, it doesn't take a lot of work and energy to use a computer. So if you eat and use the computer all day, you don't really burn calories, so you will gain weight. Computers sometimes make people lazy, so they spend less time exercising. It is not at all good for your health. Exercise gives you energy and is good for you. Have you ever looked out the window and seen how beautiful nature is? When you are on the computer chatting with people and playing with friends online, do you think about what you are missing. Every time I use the computer, I wish I could play outside and enjoy nature. Trees, flowers, plants, grass, and many other things make up the earth, but some people don't appreciate these things. So the next time you're on the computer, think about it. While you waste time on the computer, another homeless child may be wandering around looking for their family. How would you like to be that child who has no family or friends? A lot of people think about their life without a family, but it can happen any day. So I think that instead of wasting time on the computer, we should go and interact with family and friends. Even if it's just having a conversation, maybe it can show them that you really care. In conclusion, I think computers are a waste of time. I understand how people say it's used to communicate with people, but back then they didn't have computers and they communicated so that we could do it. Calculations make you spend less time exercising, preventing you from enjoying nature, and finally interacting with family and friends. You won't go wrong if you listen to someone who uses a computer every day.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3 are you ? As for me, I'm fine. I am writing this letter to explain why you should believe that computers have a positive effect on people. The reasons I am writing this letter are that people can connect with friends and families from far away places, computers help you learn more about different parts of the world, and computers also help people learn more about different parts of the world. understand and learn more about life. This is why I think you should believe that computers have a positive effect on people. First of all, why I believe computers have a positive effect on people is that people can get in touch with friends and families from far away places. An example to support my reason is that people from all parts of the world have families in different places. And they can't have good contact with them. But if they go on the internet, they could chat with their friends and family. This shows that if you live at @ LOCATION2 and you have friends who live at @ LOCATION1 you might have one with I have families who live and @ LOCATION1 and it is difficult for them. But when I'm on the computer, I can chat with them and have fun. It shows that you need a computer to catch up with your friends and family. This is why I believe that computers have a positive effect on people. Second, why you should believe that computers have a positive effect on people is that they help you learn more about different parts of the world. An example is if you don't know anything about a country or place, you can search the internet and find out more about that place. This shows that it is important to have computers. Another example is when I have a project or essay and am not aware of it. I could go to the computer and search. And by doing that, it will help me with my project or my essay. This is why I believe that computers have a positive effect on people. Finally, why I believe it is that computers help you understand and learn more about life. An example is if you don't know if something is right or wrong you can search for it and @ MONTH1 will help you. It shows that computers can give advice. Another example is that computers could give you an idea of what to do. If you try a new resipie and you are unsure of @ CAPS3 to do so. And it will give you the indifference and direction to prepare whatever food or snack you want. This is why I believe that you and everyone else should believe that computers have positive effects. In conclusion, why you should believe that computers have a positive effect is that people can come into contact with friends and families, computers help you discover different parts of the world, and also computers help you to learn and better understand life. I hope you read and re-read this letter and believe that computers have a positive effect on people. This is why you should believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ ORGANIZATION2, I recently learned that the newspaper decided to write about computers and their benefits to society at @ LOCATION1. I am writing this letter to say that I agree with the way computers benefit society. @ CAPS2 The first reason is that computers help people educate others. They allow people to learn more about hand-eye coordination. The last reason for @ CAPS2 is that computers allow you to chat online with your friends. There is a lot more in store so keep reading. @ CAPS2 The number one reason that computers are good for society is that computers help people learn things. For starters, computers are a great way to help with school because it's a faster way to get an education. For example, a computer helps you study for a test with informational websites like @ ORGANIZATION1. @ CAPS2 The second reason computers provide a good education is that computers help you with your homework. For example, when there is an important test for the next day, you can go to a computer and type it in. It's faster and a lot more productive. I remember one time when I had to write a final draft for an important essay and it was @ CAPS2 on the last day to do it. As it was @ CAPS2 the last day to do it the first thing I did was go to the library and type it up which would have taken me an hour to write took me a half -time to type. Let everyone hear that I move on. @ CAPS2 The next reason that computers help in society is that computers help to learn hand-eye coordination. Hand-eye coordination is something that people must have, but for those who don't, computers help for a number of reasons. @ CAPS2 The first reason is that computers help to learn yoga. Yoga is something to help relieve the stress inside of you. Computers have videos online that help you use it if you don't have time to go. The last reason for @ CAPS2 is that computers help with sports. Sport is something everyone loves to participate in and something everyone loves. Computers have videos that show you how to exercise and enjoy it as much as you do in real life. I continue now. @ CAPS2 The last reason computers help in society is that you can chat with your friends online. @ CAPS2 The first reason you can talk to your friends is a website called @ CAPS2- @ CAPS3. Myspace is a website that is all about talking with your friends. He has become extremely popular in the chat. The last reason for @ CAPS2 is online dating. If you want to start dating again, you can always start online. It allows you to start a new life without leaving your room. I should probably start rapping stuff. Now that you've heard all of @ CAPS2's reasons why computers are useful in society, I should point it out. Having computers in your life is one of the most useful things you can have. You can talk to your friends, learn hand-eye coordination, and get an education. As you can see, computers regulate. There are so many other reasons, but this is just the opinion of a man who knows what other people think of them.
Dear local newspaper, I am writing to you about the effect of computers on people. Since I have two computers and a laptop, I would agree that anyone who likes to browse for stuff should have a computer. Everyone should have computers because you can research different things, you can play games like checkers with the computer or against someone else, and the last reason @ CAPS1 that you can chat with people from different states and same countries, because I know everyone loves to talk to each other. Everyone should have computers because you can research different things. You can search for places and people. Basically you can search the internet @ CAPS3 for anything, you are on the right website. I once wanted to go on the web and look to see @ CAPS3, there was a @ LOCATION1. I went to ask.com and typed "@ CAPS1 there is in @ LOCATION1, @ LOCATION1? He said yes, then he showed me an @ CAPS2 of info about. He told me the address, phone number and manager's name. Look for places sometimes. Everyone should have one because you can play any type of game. You can play internet checkers, solitaire and even at freecall. @ CAPS3 you don't have any type of game, you can still just keep playing games up there. Since I use the computer everyday on all of them. When I was six we were playing games. to a driving game. Since I didn't have the website all I could play was checkers on the computers but one day I logged in and played my first driving game on computer. Everyone should have a computer because you can chat with people. Instead of always using your phone to call and text people in augm With your phone bill, why not use your computer and chat as much as you want without wasting minutes on your cell phone. I know everyone loves talking and texting on your cell phone. Before you do that, just go to the internet, find a chat, and start chatting or blogging with your friends. I once ran out of minutes on my phone and had no internet. I asked my dad @ CAPS3 that I could use the computer. He said yes, so I went to a local internet chat room. My friend had an account there so it would be easy for us to talk whatever we wanted. I participated and we chatted until @ TIME1. In conclusion, I think anyone who likes to find places, play games, and chat should have a computer.
Computers are interesting technologies to work with at home or at work. Some people might think that computers are a waste of time. It might also not be helpful. Or that computers have nothing to help you anyway. Others think the computer is very useful. People should be happy with the invention of the computer. What do you think about it? You are wasting your time on computers! This is what you hear your parents saying all the time. Well, kids don't really waste their time if they're on the computer because they might be writing an article for a class. They could play an educational game on the computers. Even if they don't play a game or write an article. It still makes them learn something. Some people might say that computers are useless, but that is not true. When you write an article for a class @ CAPS1. You would like a computer to help you. It has a keyboard so it goes faster when you type. Instead of writing the word. It also has a grammar check. This is to help you spell the words correctly. That is why a computer is a useful thing to use. Computers don't speed things up. But yet they do. They help you find information about many things on the Internet. Also if you had to look for someone for a school project. I think you would find more about this person than in the books. It's really close to make things go faster. Computers help you. There is no waste of time. They are useful to everyone. They also help things go faster.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3 people have used a computer to learn new things such as cultures. Computers affect people in such a positive way @ CAPS3. They have changed the way people think and look at the world. Experts even say that computers are changing the way they act in the home and in public. @ CAPS6 also helps speical to learn to read and spell. Many people have used computers to learn about different cultures. What helped the company so @ CAPS3. By educating young people so that they do not make mistakes such as racial manners. Computers have helped people learn things beyond the racial ways of the past, but also their own culture. What has been proven by @ ORGANIZATION1 news. People say that computers have made citizens lose daily exercise. But people not only use the computer to study, they also use @ CAPS6 to find different @ CAPS4 diets and ways to stretch their body so as not to injure themselves, unless @ PERCENT1 studied than the computer diets and different if themselves in The @ CAPS5 times said, "The computer not only helps our fitness, but also helps to stay informed that our @ CAPS6 keeps our world with one click. And @ CAPS6 y comes in under a minute. So you can see computers have changed not on the company but also on the world. This is how big an impact @ CAPS6 has been.
Dear, @ LOCATION1 @ ORGANIZATION1 I think that although computers are very useful to society. This is also a problem, for example people are addicted to computers and will stay in a dark area for hours just on the computer, it also doesn't help the fact that there is obesity in @ LOCATION2 something that teaching young people could hurt them badly. Computer junkies, what are they? A computer addict is someone who wakes up in the morning to @ TIME1 and stays there for a good past @ NUM1 hours. a problem is knowing my brothers addicted to his laptop he spends hours in his room watching japanese cartoons and doesn't eat anything all day. Never leaves her room and my mom is so tired of trying to drag him out of her room that she just quit and it gets boring after a while a little computer isnt bad but a lot the is. Obesity is a growing problem in our country and computers do not help, in fact computers make it worse by having items shipped to them as the obese person gets used to it and hence they might lose a bit weight and now you can order offline and have it delivered to your door @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 market such as @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5 domino @ CAPS4 and @ LOCATION3 jade have been part of this problem, stop ordering online @ CAPS3. The computer is a great way to learn things, but it's also a great way to get drugged and fat:
Dear @ CAPS1, I think computers have a positive effect on people. They give you the ability to talk to people online not only your friends but also your family who live far away, they also allow you to do any type of work that cannot be done by hand and even allow people to learn about distant places. and people. First of all, computers have a positive effect on people. They give you the ability to talk to people online, not only your friends, but also families who live far away. For example, half of my family lives at @ LOCATION1 and my mom uses the internet to communicate with them. Second, computers have a positive effect on people. They allow you to do homework that cannot be done by hand. Such as essays which must be typed and cannot be handwritten, and school projects. Finally, computers have a positive effect on people. Computers allow people to learn about distant places and people. For example, when I first came to this country, I didn't know much about it, so I did some research and learned great things about it. In conclusion, computers have an effect on people. They give you the ability to talk to people online not only your friends but also families who live far away, they also allow you to do any type of work that cannot be done by hand, and even allow people to learn about distant places. and people
Dear @ CITY1 @ ORGANIZATION1, I am a student of @ ORGANIZATION2 and I hear that some people think it is good to use computers and others think it is a waste of time. Well I have @ NUM1 good reasons why computers are good technology. One of the reasons is that you can book the places you want to visit or the sites you want to see. It's a good way to use the computer because you can keep track of your route, you can even print a map and go for a hike. (how's that for exercise). Another reason computers are good to use is because of online chats. Let's say you have a family member who lives at @ LOCATION1 and they have a computer and you want to talk to them but it costs you to talk, you can email. This is a good way to use the computer because you can stay informed about what is going on with your family members. Another reason is learning. You can learn about many different cultures. You can learn more about different people and how they experience their lives and cultures. My last reason is @ CAPS1. It is a great way to use the computer as you can keep up to date with the most recent events like the earthquake in Hati ; or a hurricane or a rupture story @ CAPS1. Or if there is a storm in your direction. In conclusion, the use of the computer has great ways of being used and of course people put their bad eyes on it, but if you use it in the right way, it is a good source of technology!
Some experts worry that people are spending too much time on computers, and I think they are right. Most guys would rather be on the computer chatting with friends online or spending hours on Facebook, but what's the point of that when there's a whole thing to explore, they just don't like natire? as they should, and they spend less time with family and friends. If you're on the computer twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week, how are you supposed to get enough exercise ? Well this is the problem that you are not getting exercise. Some might disagree with me, but the truth is that moving your hand over the mouse doesn't count ! A recent survey was conducted and @ CAPS2 reported that of @ PERCENT1 children who own a computer @ PERCENT2 are overweight or at risk of being overweight. @ CAPS2 is sad to think that technology has taken over so much that @ CAPS2 is ruining people's lives. I also go to the computer @ CAPS1, but I'm always sure to ride a bike afterwards or go for a hike with my family @ CAPS1 some times I practice softball so I can't go on the 'computer anyway. Now what about the beautiful things in nature @ CAPS1 among us that are missing ? The outdoors is something most of us enjoy, some of us have @ CAPS3 seen a day lily at night and new ones are growing the next day. It's fascinating that @ CAPS3 can see because they have a computer screen in front of their face. Children really should learn to balance technology with the most important things in life like nature conservation and exercise. Yes, I know, some will disagree and say, "But I say the rainforest, or @ LOCATION1, by being a member of this website." @ CAPS2 is true that you are helping, but doing @ CAPS2 yourself would feel a lot better. For example, you could form a group and clean the streets in your neighborhood or help plant trees in the park. The most important thing in life is family and friends, technology should @ CAPS3 get in the way of that. If you lose everything, what's the one thing you'll still have? Love family and friends of course! If family is so important, then why would the child want to be on the computer rather than at a family picnic? This is because technology is taking over their lives and obscuring their view of the most important things life has to offer. Wouldn't you like sometimes to be a little kid running barefoot in a field with your parents again? It could be something if you get up from the chair you've been sitting on for three hours straight and take a hike with your family. I might not make a lot of sense, but being with family in person is better than texting someone you just met who lives halfway around the world ! I know a ton of people won't agree with me when they read this, but I think technology is ruining the lives of some. If you think of @ CAPS2, a computer is like a @ CAPS4- @ CAPS5 @ CAPS6, @ CAPS2 has a sweet coating when you get the full strength of @ CAPS2, @ CAPS2 traps you and doesn't let go. A computer ruins lives and experts have a right to worry about people's health! We should all exercise more, spend more time in nature, and be with family and friends more often than sitting in a chair glued to a computer screen.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, I @ CAPS3, don't you agree that computers benefit society ? I do of course. I find that my computer benefits society because you can interact with others online. Entertainment is easy to find and @ CAPS4 is extremely useful and cost effective. Now you don't think @MO1 computers are "company friendly ", but I'm here to argue that claim. Now one thing I love about computers is that now you can easily interact with people whether they are miles away or in your neighborhood you can chat with them with just the push of a button. For example, my friends all have the infamous? Facebook account. All I have to do is go online, click on my chat box and click on their name, then @ CAPS5 ! were talking. Best of all, @ CAPS3 doesn't have to share personal information (@ CAPS6 @ CAPS7, phone number, etc.) to chat on Facebook. Wow, wasn't that easy ? Have you ever turned on your @ CAPS8. scanned through the channels and say " products @ CAPS9 on @ CAPS8 ?" » @ CAPS11, with a computer. there is always something to watch. Whether it's @ CAPS4 old or new, fake, real, live or not, the computer has many tools / watches. You can open your browser @ CAPS12 and go to @ CAPS13 (a video site) and watch their wonderful fill variety. There are at least @ NUM1 million videos on @ CAPS13 and @ NUM2 that are watched / uploaded per day. In fact, the "@ CAPS14" watches @ NUM3 + video per day without noticing @ CAPS4. If you are looking to get up you can type "@ CAPS15 @ CAPS16! If you are looking to take action you type chan. Basically the computer and bad things to do on the web. Now @ CAPS17 indicating those two things, @ CAPS4 brought to my attention that the computer is also extremely useful. Suppose if you have an extremely large test / report tomorrow you can study for @ CAPS4 online. You can go to Google and type in the subject of your project and exceed @ NUM4 results in a fraction of a second depending on your bandwidth. Now the computer is profitable too. Did you know that the two people who created Google are very wealthy ? They made more than @ ORGANIZATION1 and the company @ ORGANIZATION1 makes the most used computer system. So again, the computer is extremely useful and cost effective. This is exactly why I believe the computer benefits society. The computer you allows you to interact with others, entertains you, and is very useful and cost effective. So quite frankly, you should believe that the computer is good for society. Thank you for your time.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 I think it's a good thing that people are spending so much time on computers. One of the reasons for this is that when you type, you learn hand-eye coordination. Another reason that computer time is a good time is that it saves money on other things. The last reason is that you can do things in seconds on a computer that would normally take hours. Hand-eye coordination is an important thing: for example, you are walking down the street when a baseball is flying towards you, your ability to cache it because all the time you have been on the computer has left you with learned hand-eye coordination. There are many ways to get it, like playing sports, writing, or just playing with your thumbs, but learning to type is by far the best way as you will be using the skill while you are a child and an adult, @ CAPS3 having trouble paying your phone bill? Guess what you don't need a phone, why not use your computer to call people sensa it's free. Plus, you won't really need a cell phone as you can do anything that can be done faster on a computer anyway. Finally, it is harder for people to steel or lose a computer than a cell phone. Have you ever got upset looking for information in a book? Well you can be done with hours of searching if you just use a computer then you can go out and play games. Most of the time it takes me hours to do my homework, but if I had a computer it probably only took a few minutes. So for hand eye co-ordination i have issues with invoices and it takes too long to search other ways i think its good that people have spent and i hope you are Okay.
A lot of people have different ideas about whether they believe computers are for the benefit of society. Personally, I believe that the computer is useful for a lot of things. The first reason I believe this is because a lot of schools will need it for students, to do projects. Second, they have computer games to help children learn. Third, I think it's a good way to relax. The number one reason computers are good is that many children in school will need them. At school we have a lot of projects that we might need to type in or get a picture of. If we didn't have computers, we wouldn't have a way to do it. Also if we do persuasive waiting pieces. We would need a computer to type it in to make it look better. A lot of people might say we could all just write it down. But I think typing it can be faster and sharper for some people. The second reason I think computers are good is because they have a lot of good games to help people I know who have a lot of different games that have unreadable text. Computers are good because they are a good way to relax. Few people come home from work or are very tired. But instead of sitting on the couch all night, you can go to the computer and play a fun game for a little while. A lot of people say that watching TV and using the computer are the same thing. But if you play an educational game every once in a while, you might be fine. But then you can do something fun on the computer every now and then. In conclusion, I think computers are good because a lot of kids need them for school second, they have a lot of educational games. it's a good way to relax.
Do the members of this well-known and compelling journal think that the effects of people with computers are good or bad? Well, if you think negatively about computers and their effects on people, I would politely disagree. I'm sure I could convince you to agree with me too. Computers are positive for many reasons. The Internet and other resources can be used for school, work and other matters, the computer gives people something to do when otherwise they have nothing, and it allows people to talk to people. others online. Computers have many great effects on and for people. Everyone has questions, don't you agree? And more often than not, people don't know the answer directly. Research is the key to answering questions. But who has time to go to the library and spend hours looking for an answer that would only take seconds to find on the computer? Not all students, employees, or others can spend this time looking for an answer. There are far too many other things to do! Internet on computers allows people to find an answer quickly. It can really improve people's knowledge and their performance at work or at school. Here you can see the positive effects of a computer. Have any of you ever been bored? I'm sure you have. Everyone is bored. Instead of sitting around doing nothing, people can go to the computer and do lots of activities. Contrary to popular belief, this can be a great way to spend time, not wasting time. There are all kinds of educational games and mind-blowing puzzles to be done on the computer. I'm sure you can see how much better these things are than sitting in the front. The effects are positive because your brain is put to the test and your boredom is gone. In addition, hand-eye coordination can be greatly improved while doing activities. So many positive points on the computer effect on people's boredom! People have friends, and it's human to want to stay in close contact with them. But what if a close friend walks away? You don't want to lose this friendship, do you? People can write letters to each other, but it can take a long time and show up on delivery and response. And the positive effect of a computer is that it allows you to stay in touch with your friends and family online through instant messaging and email. two great resources for talking with others. Computers can keep friends together and keep families from breaking up. It is also good for couples or parents to keep in touch with their partner or children if they are away. These are all positive effects, aren't they? As you can see, I am convinced that the computer has positive effects on people. It's good for research, it's something to do when someone is really bored, and it keeps friends and family close through online communication. I strongly urge you to change your opinion from negative to positive about the effects of computers. Everyone can choose their own opinions. but I know that you will be wise and agree with me!
Dear, Journal People should spend less time on the computer as it affects their lifestyle. Instead of using their computer all the time, they should be exercising with friends and family and enjoying nature. First of all, computers can cause @ LOCATION1 a lot of obesity because they make people laziness and prevent them from exercising. If people start to exercise, at least about @ PERCENT1 of laziness will decrease. They should at least go out for a walk instead of using all their electricity. In addition, about @ PERCENT2 of your electricity bill will go down if you exercise instead of using a computer. Second, people need to start enjoying nature instead of being on the computer right now. People should go green and start recycling and not care what someone said on "myspace" or "facebook". Plus, if we started recycling and caring about nature, the earth's @ PERCENT3 would be greener. My last answer being theirs, it should be more family-friendly time instead of spending time at the computer. Computers only separate you from your family and friends because you worry about what is going on on the Internet. @ PERCENT4 people should just step out of the computer all the time and relax with your family and friends. In my conclusion, these are my reasons that people don't use the computer so much and can just relax with your friends and family, exercise and enjoy nature.
Dear editor, I think people spend too much time on the computer. Because of this, people exercise less, they don't spend enough time outdoors, and they don't spend as much time with family and friends. Exercise is an important part of his daily routine. I have a friend who works out every day. She is the healthiest person I know and rarely spends time on the computer. But, she knows someone who is almost her complete opposite. He hardly ever exercises and spends @ NUM1 hours on the computer every day. He has also been diagnosed with diabetes and is obese. These are the type of health issues faced by lack of exercise and too much computer time. Experts say people should get at least @ NUM2 minutes of exercise every day. But, because more and more people are spending time on computers, it is almost impossible. Studies at @ ORGANIZATION1 show that @ PERCENT1 of children under @ NUM3 are obese or at risk of becoming obese because of not getting enough exercise. You don't want that number to increase, do you ? There are other issues that people face due to too much time spent on the computer. People spend less time outdoors and more time indoors at desks. My friend @ PERSON1 spends too much time on her computer and not enough time outdoors. She failed a science project because she was on her computer, rather than comparing leaves from different trees outside. Doctor @ PERSON2 is a children's phycologist and when asking the children if they would rather play outside or be on a computer, @ PERCENT2 of them said computer. This shows that computer users are not only young, but want to be on the computer more than off. This is a number which, in my opinion, is too high. Finally, there is the problem of people not spending enough time with family and friends. By that I mean face to face time, not just video chatting with your friends on Facebook. This caused tension in the relationship. My friend @ PERSON3 did not go to her family reunion but stayed at home on the computer and at the next family reunion she was ostracized because she did not go to the reunion. Guidance counselor @ ORGANIZATION1 @ PERSON4 says that @ NUM4 on @ NUM5 friendships are ruined because children don't spend enough time face to face with their friends but are on the computer. These are all divine reasons why less time on the computer and more time exercising, outdoors, with family and friends will make your life happier and healthier.
Dear @ CAPS1 from local newspaper: @ CAPS2 students are being promoted to higher levels, more teachers will need research papers. In my opinion, @ CAPS10, a computer is helping me complete my research paper and its content is the best it can be. What makes students and parents happier to see @ CAPS3 on their child's paper ? Advances in technology. there should be advancements in technology as they teach hand-eye coordination, it gives the possibility to learn from distant places and people, and even allows people to talk online with other people. For starters, there should be advancements in technology as it teaches hand-eye coordination. In a recent poll published in TIME magazine, he showed that @ PERCENT1 of people who used computers had a large increase in their coordination, people were not @ CAPS2 clumsy and poorly coordinated. @ PERSON1, a professional tennis player @ CAPS4 who, "@ CAPS5 I started using a computer, I still played tennis for a living and it was a bad choice because I was poorly coordinated. I always missed the point. tennis ball in matches. So I decided to quit. Then I started using the computer more and my coordination improved. Now I hardly miss any tennis balls. @ CAPS6 , @ CAPS10 Advances in technology will improve and teach hand-eye co-ordination Another reason why there should be advancement in technology is that it gives people the opportunity to learn more about distant places and people. @ PERSON2 @ CAPS7 a writer from @ ORGANIZATION1 @ CAPS4 who, “People like to search for a place @ CAPS5 to go on vacation or on a business trip because they would like to know more about it.” Not knowing anything about you vacation destination is like not knowing what to have for dinner tonight is clearly unreasonable. Recent studies show that the more a person knows their vacation destination, the more enjoyable it is. Thus, the more they go on vacation, which is profitable for the airlines. Knowing about the different cultures of people in faraway places also gives people a better perspective on the world they live in. Thus, the technological advancements of @ CAPS10 will make it possible to learn more about distant places and people. In addition, the technological advancements of @ CAPS10 will allow people to talk online with other people. @ PERSON3 @ CAPS8 the creator of @ CAPS9 @ CAPS4 who, "Online chat programs @ CAPS10 will help people communicate with each other. @ CAPS9 has been beneficial for everyone. For example, it helps people reconnect with each other. their old friends. It is also very beneficial for students because if they forget an assignment they can log into @ CAPS9 and ask a classmate. " A recent article, found on @ ORGANIZATION2, showed that online chat programs help people communicate with each other. @ CAPS6, @ CAPS10 Advances in technology will allow people to talk online with other people. In conclusion, the technological advancements of @ CAPS10 will improve hand-eye coordination, teach people from distant places and people, and allow people to talk online with other people. By voting on this decision, please participate and support technological advancements, it will be beneficial for everyone. Thank you for your time.
Dear Morning Editors @ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS1, my sister wakes me up to go to school. She uses her cell phone to set an alarm. A few years ago, my mother came to tell us that it was time to get up. Now we have a little device that we carry with us to do our job. Almost everyone now has a cell phone, and it does more than just allow people to talk to each other from two different places. Now we can play games, go ahead. These technological advances make us very selfish. For my part, I do not approve. For starters, all of these new and improved gadgets take time. With all the things to do in the world, we could all be doing something useful, fun, or productive. You do not agree ? I mean, if you consider the idea that we could all go to the gym or study for school tests and quizzes, then most teens would be in much better shape, physically and mentally, @ CAPS2. @ PERSON1, my aunt, a former physicist, said. The rate at which most students and kids are getting more and more obese, @ CAPS3 because of these new ideas involving phones and i-pods is completely disgusting. The more time you spend using these objects, the more you object to the idea of being active? You can clearly see how we are becoming less and less energetic and much more carefree with our time. In addition, the advancements in today's society are pushing the boundaries of Internet security. Of course, people can pretend that they can block other people, but sometimes when someone posts something on the web, they don't always hide it well enough. They could have blackmailed one of your friends into committing a crime, right ? It happened to one of my cousins, @ CAPS3 last year. The police were slow to find her after her kidnapping, as the person who kidnapped her hid the evidence with a blackmail chain. See how important it is to spend less time on those dumb computers? He sucks us into a sometimes “bloody” or “warrior” virtual world? My brother learned to swear using @ CAPS5's new advanced game. It's a fighting game (@ CAPS6!) I implore your company to make the right decision and write to you to help us come out of our butts and get up and be strong again. I hope you will take my advice and thank you for your extremely valuable time and effort.
Dear local @ CAPS1 : I am sitting on the couch thinking about what I should do for the holidays. I know I absolutely want to take a trip somewhere to do the same creative writing, but my notebooks are all scattered around, I don't know how to quickly contact someone who could help me and I have no idea which country I am I plan to visit. I take one last look at my notebooks scattered around the closet that look a lot like a swept tornado and find a solution on the topmost shelf of my laptop. First, I totally agree with people who think that computers are useful. Three effects they have on the people who put them to good use are fantastic. Compare someone with a laptop to someone without. The person with the laptop @ MONTH1 is a busy business person and has to converse with many people over long distances, so they use email and @ ORGANIZATION1. They roam places with people close at hand. However, a person without a laptop might be busy moving from place to place just to meet these people. Their schedule could be chaotic. Conversations on a chat system are fast and efficient. Take my story for example. My mom hates wasting so instead of driving to a friend's house we @ CAPS2. Save money and time! Plus, I happen to be a writer who often writes in many notebooks every day. I've written so much over the years that my notebooks are piling up all over my room. What organizational tool could help me in this situation? Why a laptop of course! A laptop or computer stores a bunch of them and editing is a cinch. Anyone with data and writing would be crazy not to have a computer! What are you buying piece notebooks or a single computer with tons of space and backup ? You tell me. Computers encourage people to be more organized! Respectively, computers are resources for millions of pages of information. They are similar to libraries. But think of a library, then imagine a computer. One, you have to walk around looking for your information and with the other, knowledge is just a click away. Some @ MONTH1 argue that computer websites are not completely trustworthy, I disagree. There are specific websites on computers with suffixes like " .org " and " .gov " and even " .edu ". These websites contain proven factual information and other great research resources. By using computers I gained more knowledge and found computers to be beneficial. They actually made me smarter as a person. In conclusion, I have a firm belief that those who use computers get nothing but positive effects, including money and gas-saving conversations via @ CAPS2 and organizing emails and a increased reading intelligence. I decided to take my creative writing on my laptop and in doing so I learned about the storm.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 drew my attention to the fact that you asked people for their opinion on the effects of computers on people. In my opinion, computers do not have a good effect. The reason I think it's because the kids are on the computer instead of doing their homework, people don't exercise as much because they're still on the computer and they don't spend as much. time with family and friends, @ CAPS2 are a lot of kids who spend the night in front of the computer and never manage to do their homework. I read an article that said, "Computers are the number one problem for kids who don't do their homework." People get distracted by @ CAPS4 on the computer that they never end up doing anything else. Eight in ten children say they sometimes don't do homework because they are distracted by the computer. I interviewed a student from class @ NUM1 and she said, "Class @ CAPS3 does all the homework quickly, but sometimes we forget when we're on the computer. That's really the only reason why we don't @ CAPS1. " @ CAPS4 computers are not a great electronic device if kids don't do their homework because of @ CAPS1. But that's not the only bad thing about them. Since people are always on computers, they don't go out and exercise as much. Instead, they sit down and play games on a computer. I found this quote in an article I was reading "@ CAPS5 since I started spending a lot of time on the computer, I gained weight because I don't exercise", working out 'exercise and going out is a very important thing to do, but people cannot. do @ CAPS1 if they are still on the computer. Nine in ten people say that since they started using the computer a lot, @ CAPS5 has not been outdoors or exercising in a while. I interviewed a woman and she said to me, "I mustn't have used the computer for a while because I realized that @ CAPS1 was not right for me and I needed exercise. " People are distracted by @ CAPS4 on computers that they no longer take out for exercise. @ CAPS2 are another few reasons why computers are not very good. Spending time with family and friends is a very important thing to do, but with computers people don't do as much @ CAPS1 anymore. In a magazine I read, @ CAPS1 said, "People don't spend time with friends and family because they're using computer instant messaging." Computers prevent people from spending time together. Nine in ten families say they have realized they spend less time together because of computers. I interviewed children and told them, “I don't spend a lot of time with my family or friends. I am mainly on the instant messaging of the computer. Computers are certainly not a good thing for families. These are the reasons why I think computers don't have a good effect on people. Kids are on the computer and don't do their homework, people don't exercise as much, and they spend less time with family and friends.
Computers are cool. Do you now that I werpsite is @ NUM1.com. We have to time the lemt lo-menteno il. I like computers. We need @ NUM2 to make the computers green computers.
As people all over the world start to use the computer more and more, I think it is having an extremely positive effect on people. Computers aren't all fun, and games help with other things as well. For example, some of the amazing things the computer is ; teach hand-eye coordination. giving people all over the world a chance to learn about the places, people and culture of far away places, and last but not least, this is another way of enabling people to talk online with their families. friends. Now let me explain in more detail the positive effect of the computer for the millions of people who use it. Today's computer is such a great thing to have in your home. It is not just about having fun and playing video games, it is also very useful for the education of young children, teens, parents and even grandparents. when you use the computer, you can learn a lot of things. For example, let's say you have a social or historical connection to the country or you don't know anything about it. What do you do? You have to log into your computer to find a reliable website and boom you learn facts about @ LOCATION1 that you never would have known before logging into the computer. The computer is also a great way to train and improve using your hand-eye coordination. You must first know the use of the keys and their position on the keyboard. After acquiring these skills, you should try looking at the computer screen. and don't work on the keys of your fingers. Not only does this not help with hand-eye coordination, it forces you to type much slower than if you were looking at the screen. The computer is really amazing. Are you one of those people whose parents don't have a phone because of how much it costs without even the cost of texting ? Well, if you are, the computer helps you solve this problem too ! There are many ways to talk to your friends and family on the computer. For example, you can use @ CAPS1 to instantly your friends or Facebook to find out more about someone. The comp. is so convenient! So let's recap what we've learned! The computer helps people discover different places in the world, helps with hand-eye coordination, and lets you talk to your friends ! I think the comp is one in every household.
Dear @ CAPS1, a lot of people say that computers can have a bad effect on people. I have come to disagree with computers that make our lives so much easier. We can talk to people we haven't seen in a while, we can read / see other places we thought we never knew ; And instead of having to write this book by hand, we can type it. I find these are the reasons that computers don't have a bad effect on people. Imagine that you are on Facebook and you type in your best friend's name from high school, she appears and you are on the net. The next day, she is happy that you are connected. It's the kind of thing that happens every day, people reconnect, it doesn't just happen on Facebook, not all over the internet! By reconnecting with your friends and family, chatting with your boss next door, you can even send a photo of your newborn baby to your mom who lives at @ CAPS2. Having computers really allows us to reconnect with those we have lost. Others are very important. But what if we don't know anything about other cultures then what life would be like with computers, we can instantly learn about other people unlike having to go to the ad you have to doing is typing right side up and choosing the size you want to watch everything with using computers. @ LOCATION1 there are people should write our everything word by word letter by letter. Not with computers. So don't worry about the @ NUM1 page paper, you can just type it in and with a little softwear you can even edit your paper right on the spot. It's great not only for school, kids but also for adults. This proposition can be done quickly and easily with computers. A lot of people say that computers can have a bad effect on people. But with the advancement of technology, the site becomes easier and gives more time to other things. There is no bad effect of computers. The effects are just useful.
Dear Local Newspaper, @ CAPS1's take on the effects of computers on people is that they help make everyday life easier. First of all, you can chat with people from a long distance. In addition, it makes it easier to work from home and find information much easier. Finally, when you have nothing else to do, you can play games and watch videos online. One of the best things about computers is going online and chatting with friends @ CAPS1. Even if they are across the country, you can still chat with them, for free ! Also, if you can't contact them, you can email them @ CAPS2 and as soon as they log in they will receive your message. Better yet, when you forget to write down your homework, you can go online and ask a friend of yours what it was. Besides talking to people, you can also do your homework on a computer. All you need to do is create a Word document and type with the keys. Let me say that it is much better than having to write with a pencil. Not to mention, typing a paper is much cleaner. Moreover, if you do report something, all you have to do is search the internet, and you will get endless information about it, all on your computer! Finally, you can play games on your computer. Whenever someone is bored of doing nothing, they can just turn on a computer and play their favorite game. Not only is it fun, but it also teaches hand-eye coordination. Some people say that they don't have money for games, but they don't know that there are millions of free online games, which any age can play. It's great on a boring day when you have nothing else to do. In summary, the effect of computers on people is that they help make everyday life easier. You can chat with people from long distances, and it even makes working from home a lot easier to do. Not to mention that it offers fun games that people can play when they are bored or have nothing to do. I firmly believe that computers have a positive effect on people, because of everything they offer, and help us. Thank you.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, I agree that computers have had a positive effect on people. They teach hand-eye coordination, provide the opportunity to learn about distant places and people, and allow people to talk online with other people. More people should see computers as a positive effect on people. Spending time at a computer is a great way to improve your hand-eye coordination. It also teaches you to type quickly. Typing is an important skill that you need for most jobs. It is so important that the whole school teaches us to type. we also use the eye-hand coordination is charged and. You have to keep an eye on the and move your arms and hands to hit the. Computers are useful in many ways. Have you ever talked about what it looks like or what you might find on it ? With a computer, it is possible. Computers give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people. You can get photos of important cities and places, as well as knowledge about the people there. Yes, you would do that in a social studies look, but it's a lot easier and faster online. Computers save you time and make your life easier. Computers are learning more and more advanced every day. They give you the ability to talk with people online, whether around the world. To do this, you need a website. They are sold in computer stores and some are already installed in the computer. Being able to talk to people online is a great thing. It's a quick way to learn more about this person and maybe if they are from a different country. It's almost like a pen pal on a computer. People say that computers have a negative effect on people. They say people spend too much time on computers and don't exercise. They also say they don't interact with their family and friends. All of these things should be. All you have to do is manage your time. Or not all day on the computer. If you do this, everyone will say that the computer has a positive effect and is one of the last inventions created. I want to thank all readers for their time and hope you all support me and my ideas.
Courser North @ CAPS1, I would like to give you my opinion on the use of computers. I am a person who supports technological advancements and believe that computers have a positive effect on people, @ CAPS2 has benefited people in many ways. The three most important ways for me are that @ CAPS2 helps with hand-eye coordination, gives people another source to retain knowledge, and finally @ CAPS2 achieves another way for people to communicate. Hand-eye coordination is an awesome skill to have in our society. In one country, being the @ LOCATION2, which revolves around sports, hand-eye coordination really helps. Using computers really helps to master and train your hand eye for sports like baseball, basketball and many more. Using computers for hand-eye coordination will really help @ LOCATION2 develop world class athletes. We also live in a country where there are so many drivers and cars on the road. We have a problem with bad drivers here in @ LOCATION2, so if they improve their coordination, maybe the number of car crashes and fatalities involving an automobile will go down. Well, how do computers help with hand-eye coordination you ask ? I'll tell you how, by people using fun gaming sites like luniosity.com which is a website with brain training games. @ CAPS2 helps with hand-eye coordination, concentration, memorization and problem solving. They help your brain in all of these categories just by having a cute and fun little game. As you can see in @ LOCATION2, we need better hand-eye coordination and @ CAPS2 could do a lot of positive things for the country. We cam improve @ CAPS2 just by computer. Retaining knowledge about other cultures, places, people and various things makes it amazing thanks to the computer that we have for this information besides books. having internet and computers, you can know what you want when you type the subject into a search engine like google or yahoo. People can learn all this wonderful and interesting information about things they have never known before. @ CAPS2 also helps children find information for reports and. There is really that you can learn on the Internet. You can learn more at or. Maybe the difference between an element and a compound, or even just the definition of the word success relative to @ LOCATION1. You can get so much knowledge from computers / internet. Communication is another important part of our daily life. Most people have landlines or calling phones, but for those who don't need them as a means of communication. On the computer, you can use @ CAPS3 instant or by e-mail ; @ CAPS4 twitter, or myspace too. The computer provides another way for people who do not have a telephone to communicate with others. Even if you have a phone and someone you know is abroad. Instead of wasting money long distances, just use one of the systems you mentioned. The same goes for our military, they don't have a phone to call home, so they communicate through the computer. Computer communication is just another reason why the computer is so important. As I conclude my letter to you, the mail from the north @ CAPS1, I reaffirm that I support technology because it has positive effects on people. The most important positive effects are @ CAPS2 teaches that hand-eye coordination helps people with another source to acquire knowledge, and finally @ CAPS2 allows another way of communicating with people. I will tell you once again that computers benefit society and have positive effects.
Dear local newspaper, I think the effects of computers on people are bad and should be stopped. I mean, don't get me wrong, computers help people, but a lot of people use them every day, some computers can get viruses and there is a lot more activity to do than on a computer. I hope to convince you of the horrible effects that a computer has on people. Do you know how many people are using the computer? Well, according to @ ORGANIZATION1, more than @ NUM1 billion people use computers around the world. The problem we face today is that too many people are on a computer, most of them are teenagers. According to @ PERSON1 about @ PERCENT1 teenagers spend most of their time on a computer. Facebook, @ ORGANIZATION2, @ CAPS1, and @ CAPS2 are the most common places to find teens. I would know because I have a facebook myself. I've had one for almost a year, and you should see everyone who has it. My friend wanted me to have one because she said she had one and wanted me to have one too. This is what I did and found out that over half of my students had a Facebook account. In my own words, I honestly think the computer can be addicting, especially when you are on a global account like Facebook. There are a lot of people on the computer and whether to shut it down. Also, another reason is that computers sometimes get viruses. According to @ CAPS3.com, the average adult receives approximately @ NUM2 to @ NUM3 viruses per year. My friend @ PERSON2 was on his computer typing a report, then his computer shut down. Then @ NUM4 seconds @ CAPS4 the computer said you have a virus. The next day @ PERSON2 told me he didn't have his report because the virus had erased all his information. Environ @ PERCENT2 virus can cause a computer to shut down and it is difficult to restart it. Some places have done virus scans like mcafee. and @ CAPS5, but sometimes they cannot catch the virus. @ PERCENT3 people who say that a virus has been detected by the virus scan they have, their computer freezes and you cannot remove the virus, viruses must be removed for the computer to function properly. This is another reason why computers affect people in a negative way. What's more, people think of the computer as their everything. They are wrong ! There are a lot of activities that they can do other than on a computer. According to @ CAPS6. Burn the average person between the ages of @ NUM5 and @ NUM6 spends more than @ NUM7 hours on a computer. There are many other activity options like calling your friends and getting together which is why they invented the cell phone, playing sports, reading a book, spending time with family for @ PERSON3's @ CAPS7 ! Don't spend all of your time on the computer. About @ PERCENT4 of teenagers who use the computer a lot tend to enter lower colleges later in life. This is my last reason for the bad effects of a computer. In conclusion, computers can be a bad influence because of viruses, too much time on them and not doing anything else. Hope you can see my point on this and please send me a response asap.
Dear @ CAPS1, I think computers are not needed. Some believe they help us learn, but I'm just saying books too. Some people think that @ CAPS2 can help be more hand-eye co-ordinated, just like playing wrestling. Most believe that the internet teaches people in far away places, I say why not visit those places then you will know more than what has been typed into a computer. @ CAPS2 it was computers for books that I would certainly conquer with anyone the roots of books. A good book is healthy. For me, reading a book on the computer is one of two things, unhealthy and against ethnicity ! You can't read a book on the computer and even @ CAPS2 you could, it's not as fun as turning the pages of a nice paperback or hardcover book. I believe you can learn so much from what you read in a book, (A real book) ! When you type on a computer, do all that, "clickety, clickety" !, you say it's learning because you're learning to type without looking, hand-eye coordination. I say no! it is not natural. Why not go out and throw a ball at each other? It's a real way to show off hand-eye coordination. It's a fun and easy game, plus it teaches hand-eye coordination. When you want to surf the web to find a nice vacation spot, you really should just visit that place. Flip a coin face @ LOCATION3 face @ LOCATION1, @ CAPS2 you choose face, stop surfing the web for information about this place !. go fly there and surf totally radical waves. Surf the real waves next to the artificial ones! So as I rephrase, computers may look okay and I guess they're not all bad, but they're not my cup of coffee. So take some time away from this computer and go read a book or play a game of wrestling. You know what it is like to travel to @ LOCATION4 or @ LOCATION2 or @ LOCATION3. Who knows, it will definitely be an experience, that's for sure.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, do you really think we shouldn't have computers or @ CAPS2 do you think we shouldn't? Well I say we should because computers have everything you need like info, games, school, websites where you can buy clothes. Others say no for whatever reason they say it's not good for you and for being addictive I clearly think it's appropriate. Having computers absolutely helps us to learn, everything you need to learn a computer has it. If you wanted to know more about other places than where you live, you can find it on the computer. I remember one time when I was looking for a word in the dictionary and they didn't have it and I looked for it on the computer and they had it, I found it beautiful. I love computers, it's me who connects with my family who are in remote places, there is nothing better than that because you can talk to your family all day or wherever you want. Computers have everything, all the information you need is taken from the computer. It allows you to stay vigilant about what is happening in the world today. It really works on the coordination of your hands and eyes. "@ CAPS3, isn't that great?" Some say that computers are not good because people are not enjoying nature. Or people start not wanting to go out of the house, you don't spend time with your family, because you are so addicting there. Some say that you don't exercise or anything, so you get too fat or too thin and you are not at all healthy. But I don't agree, that's why I @ CAPS2 don't like to straighten out that side of the story. "@ CAPS4 is kidding." @ CAPS5 you have a chance because computers are the best, they sure are not the worst, but after reading this you couldn't agree with me more so it's @ CAPS5 to be agree or never disagree. The big question is what will you choose! It is not a difficult decision to make.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS1 by reading your weekly newspaper and @ CAPS2 aware of local events, I was able to retrieve information from a controversy regarding the effects of computers. Personally, I think the computer has become one of the greatest inventions ever made. It was @ CAPS3 that changed our Company, and if you ask me, in a very positive way. My first reason is related to the knowledge that the computer possesses. You can find almost anything in the blink of an eye, like in front of a book or going to the library; which takes a lot of time Not only does a computer take less time to get information, it also contains a lot more information than a library can store. Computers hold knowledge of almost anything imaginable, but best of all, it's right at your fingertips. Another great feature of the computer is its ability to allow people who are NUM1 miles away to converse freely. It just might be the best thing about the computer. Chatting online completely erases the hassle of phone bills @ CAPS4 and carrying cell phones, you can talk with friends halfway around the world at no cost to you, amazing !!! The only thing that is faulty about the computer is its overuse by children, although this is a big problem, it is not the computer's fault. Children shouldn't limit. There should be @ ORGANIZATION1 both for being on the computer and for exercising and having fun with friends, this problem has probably influenced a lot of people to dislike the computer, but you need to understand that the time that children spend on the computer is entirely up to him or her parents. In @ CAPS5 I hope I have convinced you enough to agree with my thoughts and give the computer a chance, I am sure you will be satisfied.
Dear Editor, Computers have a good effect on humans. The reason is that you can interact with friends and family they know, keep the @ MONTH1 computer portable so you can always go out, and lastly, people can search for places they want to go on vacation. These reasons explain how computers have a beneficial effect on humans. For starters, seeing people in person is not the only way to communicate, on the computer there are many ways. There are chat rooms, which are hitting each other. Take my friend @ PERSON5 for example, he lived at @ LOCATION2 with all his friends and family until business arrived. His company has transferred @ PERSON5 to @ LOCATION1. Thank goodness he had a computer because otherwise he wouldn't have been able to communicate with his friends. @ PERSON5 is not the only person he is transferred to away from home. In fact, @ PERSON4 has shown that @ PERCENT1 of people with a computer tend to talk to friends and family more often, because they can do so when they need to. Gene, a psychiatrist, says that when a family member has to leave for business, that family will begin to rely on a computer for communication. Do you want to lose a friend or family member? In addition, @ MONTH1 computers must be portable. If a computer is portable, you can see nature and still use the computer to do the job. Take my cousin @ PERSON2 is a teacher and always has to take notes for his students on weekends. He was disgusted because he could never get out. So for his birthday, he got himself a laptop, it allowed him to go out and do his job while getting some fresh air and seeing nature. @ PERSON2 is one of the many lucky people that has happened to them. @ PERSON6 showed that @ PERCENT2 teachers buy laptops so they can see nature and get some fresh air while doing their jobs. @ PERSON1, has proven that if a teacher doesn't get fresh air while doing their job, they can make a big mistake or even get sick. As a teacher, would you like to get sick without fresh air or be healthy while working outdoors ? Finally, there is more to do on computers than just working and communicating with friends and family. You can search for vacation spots. My aunt @ PERSON3 had always dreamed of going on vacation but could not find any information on fun places outdoors. Until she got her hands on a computer. That way she found a fun place and left the country for a week. @ PERSON3 is not the only person this has happened to. In fact, @ ORGANIZATION1 shows that @ PERCENT3 people are reluctant to go on vacation because they don't know the country or location.
For the local newspaper, I think the use of computers does not have a negative effect on people. I think it's an advantage to use it. You are given technology an advantage so why not use it? They give people the chance to chat with people allow them to make friends. Nowadays people even watch shows on computer websites such as: @ CAPS1, @ ORGANIZATION1 allow them to search for anything and watch it on @ CAPS1. People are emailing, downloading music, and many other things. Children at the age of @ NUM1, @ NUM2 even @ NUM3 move use computers to play games on them. i have a cousin who is @ NUM3 and he plays games all the time he even knows how to search for something on the computer. Some people @ MONTH1 think it gives you a negative effect, but it really isn't. These people think it should happen. We have to progress as life goes on. Let's say a girl doesn't have a computer, her parents think computers spoil children, their technology spoils children. The girl goes to school, her friends ask her to give them her email. Whenever her friends ask her about the email, she makes up an excuse and tries to avoid the topic. this time she made an excuse, but how many times will she make an excuse. Suppose one day her friends find out that she doesn't have a computer and embarrass her in front of everyone. So what I'm trying to say is you have to see around and continuing with the computer also saves time. You can just type instead of writing in full. You can make your writing cursive or any other you want. After reading my letter, hope you understand my point. The next time you see someone who thinks computers have a negative effect on people, explain the benefits of computers and how they benefit the society around you.
Although a lot of people like to play computer video games and have cyber chats, most of them don't know how bad a computer can be, even though I have a good time on the computer, I know how bad it is. Here is a small example. You may have problems with your computer, if you stay on the computer for too long, it may overheat and this may prevent it from working. Another problem is the side effects. you may have headaches just looking at the screen for too long. These headaches over time can get even worse. You @ MONTH1 even get poor vision from a computer. Computers can also be addicting. Due to your addiction to computers @ MONTH1 you become less close to your family or friends which greatly reduces your social life. Plus, due to addiction @ MONTH1 makes its way into your daily routines, forcing you to play it everyday and more than the average person. Your @ MONTH1 personality also changes with your social life and routine. Finally, computers can be very dangerous. if your child finds one, he @ MONTH1 accidentally links to a dirty or bad website. It then passes to the negatives of a computer. On a computer, your child will likely see things like words or pornographic material. These are all things that should not be allowed to be accessed on a computer. Computers are addictive, they cause problems and are dangerous, in my opinion we must stop. Now you think we should make computers.
Dear local newspaper, I think the effects of computers are good. Some of the reasons I think this is because we get a lot of knowledge out of it, get in touch with people you don't live nearby and haven't seen in a while. My first reason why I think the effects of computers are good is because you can get a lot of knowledge out of them. For example, if you want to cook a @ CAPS1 meal, you won't find it in a regular @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4, you will have to search the internet for the recipe. Another example is if you wanted to get to @ LOCATION1 by car and you didn't have a map how would you get the directions ? You would go to the computer, look up directions to @ LOCATION1 and print it out. You would never have been able to get to @ LOCATION1 if you hadn't had a map or a computer. My second reason I think the effects of computers are good is because you can contact friends or family that you haven't seen in a while. For example, if your sister just graduated from college and you wanted to congratulate her, but you were NUM1 feet in the air next to an airplane and only had your laptop and luggage, you send him an email saying good job. These are just a few reasons why I think the effects of computers are good, and I hope the local newspaper agrees as well.
Do you want your child to be successful in life? That is why computers are invaluable in everyday life. Computers help kids get more education, they can be independent and not how anyone tells them to use a computer, and @ CAPS1 they get to college, they can take notes fast and not be late . That is why computers are so important in everyday life. Computers are important because your child will get the proper education they need. @ PERCENT1 of the kids who use the internet for college students are the ones who will have a mark ahead of the best of these classmates. Dr @ PERSON1 a computer faces it, says: "@ CAPS1 I was using the computer to research a topic, I continued as a leper on @ DATE1 and from there I was a @ NUM1 @ DATE1 because I was on computers. As you can see, computers are precious items used in everyday life. Computers are important in everyday life because they help your children to be more independent and learn to use different parts of the Internet. @ PERCENT1 to @ PERCENT2 Children who use the Internet are likely to be successful in college because they know which websites to go to and how to get there. PERCENT1 chance that kids who do well in college get the highest paying jobs because they have @ PERSON1, the computer is waiting, says, "@ CAPS2's son was at @ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS3 was smart because @ CAPS3 was still on the computer looking for new x facts and ideas that came to mind. "@ CAPS3 is a student who is very difficult to obtain. That is why computers are invaluable in everyday life. because you can search for sites that will help you eat healthy foods. @ PERCENT3 of adults who eat diet foods are most likely to live @ NUM2 years of their life because their body is healthy because they eat more fruit and drink more to keep their bones strong @ CAPS1 they fall @ CAPS1 they get older. As you can see, using the internet can be very helpful if you have used the right path. This is why using the internet will help you become the successful person you want to be in life.
Dear who ever this @ MONTH1, I think people spend way too much time on computers. They don't exercise as much. People sit indoors all day instead of going outside to enjoy nature. Family members and @ CAPS1 spend less time together because they have computers to talk to each other. Computers have become a negative influence on people today. People need exercise to live. It keeps us healthy. With all the fast food outlets, people need exercise more than ever. People don't want to exercise if they have a computer to go on. A static is @ NUM1 on @ NUM2 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 each have their own computer in the house. They said "I'd much rather be on the computer than off" (@ PERSON2 @ NUM3 leveler at @ ORGANIZATION1). Even students don't want to exercise when they could be spending time on the computer. Humans have little time to live. There is beautiful nature outside. We don't like our surroundings because we prefer to be on the computer. For example, @ PERSON1 would rather spend his day on the computer than enjoy the incredible nature around us. @ NUM4 students on @ NUM2 are enjoying nature every week. A young girl from @ NUM6 never enjoyed nature until her parents made her stay in a month. She now loves nature. because he got bored day after day on the computer. Family and friends are an integral part of our life. We want them to be part of our big events. Thanks to the computer, we can talk to them anytime or send a video of our big event by email. But wouldn't it be much better for them to be there, @ CAPS4 you when that happens. When I was around @ NUM1 @ CAPS5, grandparents used to come to @ CAPS5 football games, but now they don't sleep anymore because @ CAPS5 mom is recording it just for them to watch. I liked it so much better when they were at soccer games, @ CAPS4 on me. “The @ CAPS5 and @ CAPS1 family are the ones I want at @ CAPS5 events, not just to show them off after the event. An @ CAPS6 is that everyone wants to share their event with the family. Computers aren't so awesome They keep family and friends from coming to you Computers take you away from the beautiful nature around us It limits you on exercise and makes you gain weight which is unhealthy. I invite you to use your computer less and to exercise, see the family and enjoy nature.
I think computers are because you can have arthritis on your finger, vision loss, and you would have to go outside to get some fresh air as well. It is not good to sit on the computer. Because you can have arthritis in your fingers. There is also a tunnel called a carpal tunnel which when you really can't grab anything. My grandmother has arthritis on her fingers, but the computer doesn't make her the dishes all the time. But when she does something, she complains that her fingers dig in. So I think @ CAPS2 she's doing the dishes, I think the bored wrench will do a lot more damage and affect you for the rest of your life. My mon always told me that @ CAPS2 I sir in front of @ CAPS1 too long, I would go blind. Well in a magesen it was said that "@ CAPS2 you sit in front of a computer @ CAPS1 for too long it will blind you in parshel. Then @ CAPS2 you sit in front of a computer facing book or something , what are the different that go parshel It is good to go out sometimes to get some fresh air or take a walk it is sometimes to stay in shape because @ CAPS2 you get obese then you will die @ CAPS2 all you do is to sit in front of the computer you need to exercise every day to stay fit and healthy is the way to be instead of eating junk food and drinking soda. c it is sometimes good to go on the computer, but it can be very unhealthy to sit in front of it. @ NUM1 you must be healthy to stay alive and @ CAPS2 you are sitting in front of it all day, then the results wouldn't be These are the reasons I think e that the computer is bad at sitting in front of it all day.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3 Over the years, computers have become faster, smaller, smarter, these advancements have enabled humanity as we know it to progress, but the effects of @ MONTH1 are not not beneficial to young people in the computer world. Some common effects of computers on people, mainly children, prevent children from playing outdoors, being active, computers preventing people from using their imaginations, they are also a waste of time. Every day a kid across America will use the same old exuse, "no mom, I'm not on facebook, I'm doing my report @ CAPS4", when in fact they haven't even started it, or hours ago they are now fooling around online, but ask yourself. “Did this happen thirty years ago? No, your parents who grew up back then were thrilled to be outside when their three assignments were completed. They were eager to get on. that flaming red bike to go and play ball with Joey. The kids these days are fewer and fewer. I like to play outside f people blame the obsession on genetics when it probably should be blamed on computers, sucking kids into them. Because kids never want to leave their beloved computer's side to go out, they use less + less of their imaginations. Parents tell stories about when they were watching the only new episode of their favorite show + what a whole week the neighborhood kids were playing + playing it. but do you see that everyday in this generation not at all. nobody this or imagine something new about it with friends for make it more fun, they don't switch to the wii until five minutes later to play a crushing ball game. just fall aimlessly. Waste time, they might improve their homework or walk the dog, the time is not given to a good source. it is not effective most of the time. they say computers are the current generation, but that means the current generation must be lazy, unimaginative, and not care what their time is spent on. Most people will say no, but you offer a nine year old to play on the computer or, oh, say go outside ! You would be ignorant to think that they would go out to play. People want to move forward but can't we compromise?
Dear @ CAPS1, I remember when I was younger my parents had two laptops for themselves. Internet use was still available, online chat interaction. It was extremely exciting for them. On the other hand, I was able to stay home and watch them have fun. I couldn't go out or hang out with friends just because I was stuck inside while they enjoyed the computer. I have a strong impression that computers are not for the benefit of society. People spend too much time using the internet rather than exercising, no one can enjoy the beauty of nature, and there is less interaction with family and friends. There are a lot of holes for dogs while computers are still being used and bought. Our society only crumbles from here. People don't have to be sitting indoors at home to breathe reused air while using the computer. Professor @ PERSON3, a health generalist, told @ ORGANIZATION2 news that @ PERCENT1 of all the people around @ LOCATION1 would rather be on the home computer doing nothing but going out and / or doing exercise. Can you imagine all these sick people worrying about nothing but their computers? the only thing computers do for us these days is give up our free time. @ CAPS2 size @ PERCENT2 of their free time on their computer. If the technology goes down there, the new games people play, and the sites people use, chances are people will come out of the house and do something healthy for themselves. @ PERSON1, owner of @ ORGANIZATION1, said "I have never seen so many people in my life using computers and the Internet. Sometimes it happens when over a billion @ CAPS2 are online on a typical weekend. . ”@ PERSON1 later mentions“ It's a little depressing how much time they spend on computers, rather than outdoors and enjoying nature. " Not only the exercise time is it lost, but once our nature" beautiful "is too. Many young kids these days are watching @ CAPS3, they see ads for computer games there, parents buy the game for them, and all of a sudden they're @ NUM1. Since adults are not part of these children's idolatry to persuade them to run outside and do something healthy. Children need to step up for a change! Did you know that global warming is caused by the minimum density of air? While we hardly have any kids or adults running outside, our world isn't going too well. As a result, our budget is low and pollution is extremely inflated ; our nature goes from beautiful to less and less. @ PERSON2, a government official surveyed @ NUM2 people in every state to ask how much time they spend each week just enjoying and playing nature. The survey shows that a person on @ NUM3 exudes beauty for at least @ NUM4 minutes, a week. I mean, come on ; It is pathetic. Maybe if we surely exclude computers and technology for a while, global warming won't be necessary. I remember when I was about @ NUM4 and never once met my other family other than my siblings. It was quite sad because I am always told that I have a big family which is very well known in our city but I have no idea who they are! all because the technology was invented. I have never been outside and relaxed other than getting on and off the bus to school. My parents stand me up in my house while they use the computer. The other day I just found out what "show" is because my mom's computer is slowing down and now I'm presented to my other family with the freedom to go out. Since my mother slows down the computer, she has a lot of free time to spend with me. Technology ruined my childhood when I was a child and without it you can experience the true importance of life. Would you like to become obese, such as due to global warming, and / or not interact with family or outside nature? It's sad how @ PERCENT3 of this reasoning is caused by the overuse of technology and computers. Let's get rid of it all! Thanks for your time @ CAPS1 !
Dear local newspaper, Computers are very important to some people. Everyone uses them or has used them before. It doesn't hurt to own a computer because you can still exercise and be able to do the things that you do every day. Let's say you need to search for something, the thing you always go to for information is a computer. People in schools, industries and homes use it all the time. Teenagers usually go to the computer to talk to friends or maybe play games, I know I do. This is so that they don't waste their time getting bored all day. Exercising and being active is indeed very interesting for teenagers, but even if they do, they do not push away the computer. He'll still be there when they run out of homework or when they're done running around the neighborhood with their friends. I can't imagine what my life would be like coming home from soccer practice and doing my homework and the computer or @ CAPS1 is one of the first places I run so I can just sit back and relax. Computers should be known as our friends. They won't hurt us. They just give us what we need and what we want. Reaserch is a good example because everyone uses the computer to find what people are looking for on it. And if they have finished their research, they can have a little fun with games and friends. But I believe that the main purpose of computers is information. Every time I come home from school I finish my homework and stretch for the cheerleaders a bit, then whatch @ CAPS1 or go to the computer so I'm not bored. It's not that I'm not active because I'm not training or exercising. It's because I have nothing to do, so why not take my time? Everyone does it so I'm not the only one. Yes, computers are just that square box with a keyboard, but if you don't take it away from people's common life, you can see that they are not what you say they are and they are. won't rot people's brains or anything. The reason they are in an office, living room, or bedroom is because people love them and use them for their needs.
Dear Diary, @ CAPS1 does @ CAPS5 do when @ CAPS5 has to write a report ? Or talk to a business partner, friend or family? @ CAPS3 Computers help us do all of this. The electronic wonder is getting better in everyday life. Yet some people refuse to accept that computers have become a part of everyday life. Computers help us communicate, research different topics, and just have fun. Computers facilitate communication. Things like "@ CAPS2" and "facebook" allow us to talk to each other. Some @ MONTH1 "@ CAPS3, use phone or go out" contests. @ CAPS1 if they are traveling or live thousands of miles away ? With computers, everything is easier. Computers allow us to search for @ CAPS5 subjects needed for class or work. “@ CAPS5 can get a lot of detailed information from thousands of sites. Skeptics might ask the question“ @ CAPS6 does not go to a library. ”Some of us might prefer to stay at home. Another reason is it may snow, or the library is closed. @ CAPS1 the reason why, computers make searching fast and easy. Computers also meet a great need for entertainment. Gaming sites like "facebook" have become very popular. They can provide us with emotional release from the everyday world. Could a potential argument be “@ CAPS6 go out?” The weather could be bad and your sick. Computers are fun, educational, and a marvel of communication. good in computers and @ CAPS1 they could do for there.
Dear Diary, I think that computers have a positive effect on society because they give a lot of information, they offer lots of fun games and music, and they inform you about the problems of the world and the communities. The number one reason I think computers have a positive effect on society is because they give you a lot of information. If you need to do projects and research, what better way to do them than on a computer. You can search for all kinds of people like @ LOCATION1 presidents, celebrities, and people who changed the world. You can also watch @ CAPS5 and study different kinds of plants and animals, and you may find some fascinating experiments to do. The second reason I think computers have a positive effect on society is because there are a lot of fun games and music. You can go to the @ CAPS1 channel website and play many different games from your favorite TV shows. They also have fun test prep learning games where you can play games to help you do well at your @ ORGANIZATION2, such as a comprehension clinic. The computer also has a lot of music that you can listen to. You can listen to @ ORGANIZATION1's album. I am @ PERSON1 before you @ CAPS2 or @ PERSON2 @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5 @ CAPS6 @ CAPS7 before buying the @ NUM1 songs. The final ; The reason I think computers have a positive effect on society is that they give you information about the problems of the world. You can go to a computer and search for @ CAPS5 natural disasters like the @ CAPS8 earthquake, @ CAPS9 earthquake, or information about the tsunami that @ MONTH1 hit @ LOCATION2. You can search @ CAPS5 @ CAPS10 @ PERSON3 and get information. You can search for your favorite artist and see what their albums will look like or you can search for @ CAPS5 issues in your community. That's why I think computers have a positive effect on society because they give out information, there are a lot of games and music, and they talk about big issues.
Dear @ CAPS1, I think computers are good for our society, for example, computers are very useful for everyone. Computers also travel faster. And they can teach us new things. I am not saying that computers do not have their disadvantages, but computers also have their advantages. Computers are very useful in many ways. They help people find lost family members and they help the police find many criminals. Haven't you lost a family member, or haven't spoken to him for years and always wanted to find him and come back with him? Well, that's what computers are for. Also, weren't you concerned about the many criminals on the streets and wanted to get them off the streets and put them in jail where they belong, but you didn't have the means to do it? Computers help. Haven't you noticed that computers help police many women these days? Computer scientists , but they help travel faster, for example, say you heard there was a hurricane or a tornado and you need to find out how. All you have to do is go to the computer and search for it. Also, there was an earthquake at @ LOCATION1 and there was no information to help you. You would just have to go to the computer and find all the information you need. Computers are a lot of things to you. Computers teach you a lot, such as hand-eye cording. Think about it, you could do it on your computer, but it helps. If you do while on the computer yourself, you will start to see you type quickly and learn where all the letters are on the keyboard now and then when you saw your first computer. However, computers not only teach you hand-eye coordination, but they also teach you many wonderful places. Like @ CAPS2 falls, rainforests etc. Now don't get me wrong, @ CAPS3 isn't saying that computers don't crash and people don't take advantage of computers. but, I say they help society a lot. They are traveling bigger and bigger. They also taught people a lot. So take my opinion into consideration. And think about what computers have done for you.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, I am an @ ORGANIZATION1 who believe that computers have a positive effect on people because calculated help promotes hand-eye coordination. @ CAPS5, there's the fact that computers also help educate people about remote places and people without leaving their homes. @ CAPS6 computers also allow people to talk to each other through @ CAPS3. What would we do without a computer! My number one reason why I think the computer is a good thing is hand-eye coordination. According to @ PERSON1 from @ ORGANIZATION3 of the eye @ CAPS4, you have to watch the keys you use when typing, your brain establishes a connection with your hand, so better eye-hand coordination, "@ CAPS5 there is the fact that millions of @ LOCATION1 are in car acids per year, of which @ PERCENT1 are due to the driver of a vehicle having to look down on the whey to make sure he kept his car. @ CAPS6 I that there were computers in the world, there would be less acids per year. Second, there is the fact that a computer can carry someone in their mind to a distant person and / or. A study at @ ORGANIZATION2 showed that @ PERCENT2 of respondents can find information about @ CAPS3 faster than they can in an @ CAPS7. There is the fact that a child of any age can use a computer to find the specific information it needs in a few seconds. @ CAPS6 I have observed that children know how to use @ CAPS3 but not a dictionary or encyclopedia, @ CAPS6 there is the fact that people can contact and talk to people through @ CAPS3 for one that allows you to contact a long lost friend. @ CAPS5 There is the fact that you can talk to the topic @ CAPS5 @ CAPS6. There is the fact that you can contact someone halfway around the world just with your @ CAPS3. How cool that @ CAPS9 is reading this letter and sharing it with your company, I think you should support my cause. These are the @ CAPS4 computers that improve hand-eye coordination, connect people to other people and places, and @ CAPS6 allow people to talk through the @ CAPS3.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1 @ CAPS1, computers have moved our world so far into the future that almost anything is just a click away. Experts are in awe of the fact that over the years, computers have helped billions of people do their jobs smoother and more smoothly than ever before. Technology has helped doctors find new cures for patients and diagnose their illnesses in more advanced ways. Thousands of professions require unlimited knowledge of the Internet, and computers continue to advance and redefine our way of life. In addition, children of all ages benefit from modern computers. As technology becomes more user-friendly, children have adapted to computers by giving them answers to all their questions. As a student at @ ORGANIZATION1, I discovered that computers are essential in everyday tasks. Essays are now typed, not handwritten, and projects are posted on flash drives, not posters. These advancements have shaped our lives and made everything much easier. In addition, foreign places are getting closer to home, when computers allow you to visit virtually hundreds of different countries. With modern technology, the world is better connected and united. In addition to students, physicians also benefit greatly from computers. Technology has dramatically reshaped the medical world with X-rays, @ CAPS2, surgeries and drugs. Surprisingly, computers allow doctors and nurses to look at patients in whole new ways. Hospitals organize all records digitally to help give patients the right treatment. @ PERSON1, the chief surgeon of @ ORGANIZATION2 said : "The @ CAPS3 technology, our @ ORGANIZATION2 would be useless. We wouldn't be able to do anything." @ CAPS4 @ PERSON1 speaks well, he makes a very important point. Computers are the building blocks of our medical world. Scientific studies have shown that the internet has brought people together more than ever. Families thousands of miles apart now have the option to email, chat, or even video chats with distant relatives and friends. Email has especially played a huge role in our society, helping millions of people communicate when needed. In fact, over @ NUM1 million jobs rely on email to communicate important business information. @ CAPS3 the help of technology, our economy would be fast because the countries of communication would not exist. Computers are essential to our culture. I strongly urge you to consider my take on the benefits of modern technology and think of all the people that computers have helped. Our culture is now bigger, better, faster and stronger, thanks to the help of today's technology. Knowing this, I vehemently suggest that you educate others about the benefits of technology and play your part in advancing our way of life.
Dear local newspaper, I believe that people who use computers benefit our society. This is how I feel because computers give people the ability to learn about remote places: and people have educational websites, and even allow people to talk online with other people. First of all, computers give people the ability to learn about distant places and people. When I was in sixth grade, I had to do a project on @ ORGANIZATION1 I didn't know anything about him. But luckily we have computers so I was able to @ ORGANIZATION2 on a computer and found a word or info on it and got a plus on the project. Also, when I was in fourth grade, I had to do a project on @ LOCATION1. I went to a computer, went to @ CAPS1.com to get a lot of info and got a plus. The second reason computers are good for society is because computers have educational websites. Computer scientist @ PERSON1 said : "@ CAPS2 % of computer websites are educational. I also remember when I was in seventh grade the whole class went to @ CAPS3.com and got to learn math while having fun. Last but not least, computers allow people to talk to other people all over the world. There is a website called myspace.com and it allows me and other people , from talking online all over the world. I asked my class and 90% of them continue myspace.com. On the other hand, the computer has drawbacks. Some kids go to non websites. bans that are not for minors. There is a website called @ NUM1.com and it has shoot and kill games that are not for children. Also some people are addicted to computers that stay on the computers almost 24 hours a day. Now you know my reasons, why the Computers are good for society, they give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people, have educational websites and even allow people to talk to other people online. What is your choice in these actions.
Dear local newspaper, I came across this letter and saw about computer technology and how it affects people's lives. I think the computer is a great learning tool. It's a new way to study and do other things to learn in a fun way. My opinion is when you have to take a test, quiz, or whatever can get boring. I like to study in a fun way that suits my head and I want it when the computer is there. I learn a lot from the computer when I am at home. my mum and dad think I spend a lot @ CAPS1 I do sometimes but half the time I test studying. Now, I wish the time to mentally talk is when you are going to learn. Physically preasure or everything to You can learn different as well just connect to this to choose them. Finally family and friends. Family and friends are important websites like @ CAPS2, facebook, goal, and @ CAPS3 not so cool. It's the beauty of computers and technology that lets you do a lot of things just using the device. Thank you for giving me the opportunity to say my opinion and what I think. I hope you will take my letter and consider it.
Dear Diary @ LOCATION1 I have heard this debate about weather whether computers have good influences on people or not. I am sending you this message to express my opinion on the matter and in my opinion, I think the computer has very good effects on people. Not only does the dose have a good effect on people, it also affects businesses and governments. There are many reasons why it has a beneficial effect on people, but the first and perhaps one of the most important is that it is an amazing learning tool. When people are on the Internet, they can learn just about anything they want about the giant mass of information we call the Internet. Not only does it dose, but people are taught to do things through simulators, from flying an airplane to driving a car. There is even more internet learning ability as a lot of people are home schooled through internet and this @ MONTH1 is an important part of their education as they might not be able to go to school because that they are always on the road or they move a lot for whatever reason. The computer is an important element in the advancement of the education of the people. Not only can people use the computer in education, but it is used as a tool in many ways, say you are making a movie and need special effects that they will use in the photo store or you must collect and store changing information like say you want to stack, you can always or down on a computer. Even if you were a construction worker, you could your bruises with pinpoint accuracy. Another less important thing about the computer is that it allows a lot of people to be entertained. Allows you to come home bored, you have nothing to do with playing internet video game, it is also an important way to get their music and / or videos. It also affects a lot of businesses and if the business goes bankrupt because people don't move a lot of jobs will be lost and that's the last thing we need. The government also relies heavily on the Internet. They need it to plan, save soldiers and communicate with other countries. And finally, we have the fitness and well-being of computer users. All I can really say is that it is their decision. If they go down, they can and if they won by sitting there and wasting or
Dear Local Newspaper, The question everyone is asking if computers benefit society? I believe computers don't because you can't exercise if you're always on computers and @ CAPS2 is really hard to enjoy nature too. Another reason computers don't benefit society is that you don't interact with your friends and family. Hope I encouraged you not to use so many computers and have fun with your family. If you are still on the computer, how are you going to exercise ? @ CAPS2 has proven that over half of @ CAPS1's US is overweight. Exercising is more important than using the computer and knowing that you could be doing something you know is better, wouldn't you be doing @ CAPS2 ? It is important to interact with people because you can meet new people and if you don't you might learn to be shy and not make as many friends as you want. not those who meet them in person. Also, if you make "friends" on the Internet, you don't know if he is a stalker or a murderer. I urge you to go out and meet new people and not on the internet. knowing that you are better off not using the computer and being with the people you love, wouldn't you do @ CAPS2 ? Yes you can play games on the computer, but @ CAPS2 would be better if you play @ CAPS2 with your family. To answer the question everyone is asking, I think computers do not benefit society at all and I hope I have encouraged you to believe that too.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, you believe that our advancement in technology is not good for our society, you must misunderstand computers have a positive effect on people in our community by giving us good hand and eye coordination and by giving us the ability to search and find information to learn. It can also allow people to communicate online with others. Hand-eye coordination is an important thing that helps us on a daily basis. New @ CAPS2 technology such as computers can help us with this skill, we should use it. @ PERSON1 from @ ORGANIZATION1 says: “ Computers help us a lot ; nearly @ PERCENT1 of active computer users improve their hand and eye coordination just by using the computers for a small period of time every day. " @ CAPS3 and education are essential, especially now ; the more you learn, the better your salary. With this new technology, you can graduate and learn in no time. My aunt uploaded her @ CAPS4 about six months ago, and just because of that she got promoted at her job. Gaining value @ CAPS3 online is not only good for adults, but also for children. @ CAPS2 they have a report on @ CAPS5 or need help with homework, these new technologies are one of the fastest and most effective ways to learn and find information. @ PERSON2, a doctor specializing in emotions / feelings @ CAPS6 told the @ CAPS6 @ CAPS7 @ CAPS8 last month that, "in this new millennium tweens and teens just love new advancements in technology, and @ CAPS2 we want them to learn, so we can take this tool and put it to them. " Computers are also a great way to communicate, it's quick and easy. I have an uncle who lives at @ LOCATION1, and we rarely see each other due to the distance, so we make up for it by messaging each other via social media or email. It's even free, unlike expensive long distance calls. Communication is also great for business. A business can reach out and contact their customers to reschedule an appointment, give receipts, an advertiser, and more. Computers are an essential and efficient technology that is used by people across the country and the world. They improve hand-eye coordination, empower people to acquire @ CAPS3 and education, and empower people to communicate with others. it is another important and useful step in our communities around the world.
There are many reasons why computers are good for everyone. They allow us to discover faraway places without even having to leave our homes. Another reason that computers are so important is that we can talk to our families without even having to travel if they live in another country or state or even if they are your neighbors. Finally, they teach us hand-eye coordination which is a must-have skill that can get you through life. The great thing about computers is that we can learn more about distant places without having to leave the comfort of our home. People from all different countries @ MONTH1 wonder where they are from. They @ MOIS1 also wonder how other countries are behaving in terms of government or even economics (stocks). All of this is possible and much faster than watching the news or the weather channel. Computers allow us to search the web and arm ourselves with knowledge. The wonderful thing about computers is their speed. You could wait for a stock update on the news channel and wait maybe ten or even twenty minutes. However, if you go on your computer and use the internet, it makes your life much easier and the faster you can research some of your knowledge, the faster you can cook dinner or even enjoy a nice walk to the city. outside and breathe the beautiful ice cold fresh air. Also radios and TV stations might be a little off their accuracy. Maybe a minute later there is a suicide bombing that you would like to know about or the stock could go up a hundred points or go down a hundred points. This is all valuable information that people want to be one hundred percent accurate. Second, you can stay in touch with your family even if they live in another country or state. With webcams that can be connected to certain computers or that are built into computers, you can talk to them. My grandmother was in the hospital once and I haven't been allowed to see her since I was too young. Ever since webcam technology was invented, I've been able to see it on screen instead of seeing it in real life, but at least I've been able to see if it's okay. Webcams are also a means of discussion. Like you and your friend are joking and she says something that you think is rude, but you can't say that by being sarcastic you might be fighting. If you have a webcam, you can talk to each other on the computer and see if it's sarcastic or not. The @ MONTH1 technology is one of the greatest inventions that has come to light and @ MONTH1 is the best ever. The last important thing you need to know about computers is that they teach you hand-eye coordination. Hand-eye coordination is an important skill that you learn. This is an important skill because it allows you to be successful in life like having to write. This skill is also important if you have a job that involves computers, as you need to know how to type and move your fingers quickly if you want to be successful in this high paying job. This skill also helps provide a wide range of other successful jobs around the world. Computers in the long run are magnificent machines that make life a lot easier and fun in acquiring knowledge. If you don't have good hand-eye coordination, you should get a computer as it will help you a lot. However, if you get a computer then you need to update it regularly so that your computer doesn't get sluggish and start crashing on you. In conclusion, computers are the best thing that has been presented to humanity so far in this world. It lets you do a lot of things like news and how the world is doing globally and how the economy is doing globally. It also allows you to stay in touch with your family, no matter where you live or what country you live in. Finally, computers teach you the important skill of hand-eye cording. Everyone in the world should be able to have a computer in order to acquire the knowledge they need to be successful in life.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3 people these days rely too much on technology. Everywhere you go, you usually see someone on a phone, texting, on a computer, or plugged into an ipod. These people are not necessarily bad, but they are under the control of technology. Computers, for example, are fast, easy and fun for most people, but they are also a problem. Even though it seems like everyone has a computer, not everyone has one. In addition, people become very addicted to these matches that they can become addicted to it. @ MONTH1 computers also seem to run @ PERCENT1 for a while, but they can also be very unreliable. How do you know that @ CAPS3 people are using @ CAPS4 or @ CAPS5 ? A lot of it I'm sure. Now multiply that number by itself for everyone they know and multiply it again and so on. This number shows that, @ CAPS6, over @ NUM1 million people are using them. Now what are the odds that if you message a friend in one of these programs (with @ NUM1 million + people) the server will be @ PERCENT1 relaible and your friend will get the information they need ? My point is, what if something important came up that needed help from your friends and you couldn't reach it due to a fault in the system ? What would happen You could be in the hospital coming home for an hour longer than it should have taken. Another problem is what if you need a computer and you especially need it ? If they had one, you made it in @ NUM3 minutes, but how else could you contact them ? You could try calling, but what if he's outside playing with his dog? Also these days if you are truly grateful for something you go to google and type in virtual thank you cards. If the person gets it, they'll be happy, but probably much happier if they get a real, handmade thank you card in the mail. My last reason computers hurt us more than they help is addiction. Like I said in my first paragraph, everywhere you go you see someone connected to an electronic device. People don't go out and play cowboys and @ CAPS7 anymore because now all they have to do is hit paly. Granted, I also use my computer quite a bit, but at least I'm saving my time so that I can go out and play a bit too. Obeisity also derives from the overuse of electronics with @ CAPS3 other products.
Dear @ CAPS1 from @ ORGANIZATION2, @ CAPS2, you know the computer has existed since @ DATE1. Since then, many people have had better lives. Computers really help older people a lot. When they need to pay an invoice, they can just log in, pay it, and move on. Another thing is, if they need to write a letter, but their handwriting isn't as elegant anymore, they can type it, print it, and finish. This way, the person who receives the letter will be able to read the letter. Computers are a fad that will never go out. Doctor @ PERSON2 from @ ORGANIZATION1 in @ PERSON1 said : "The children I work with use computers every day to develop their hand-to-eye skills, since they increased this skill @ PERCENT1." The @ ORGANIZATION3 company said that @ NUM1 on @ NUM2 people agree that everyone should have a computer. The computer helps you with your projects and I think everyone should have one too. Are you ever sitting at home doing nothing? Well, why don't you go out and buy a computer to play with? Computers can help you do all kinds of things. If you like to play video games. then you will love one of these machines. They have all types of gaming systems out there just for the computers. They also have websites that you can go to just to play. I'm sure most of you like to play games so why not give it a try. A basic computer isn't much if you're worried about the money. So go out there and buy one. There are a lot of people in college now, and most of them have computers. They make research easier and faster to find. What would you rather do to get ready, jump in the car, drive to the library, find a book, stand in line and check it out, or, get on the computer, find what you're looking for and be done ? You make that decision. When students are stressed, which happens all the time, they can turn on the music on the computer to calm them down. Computers have changed the world for a good way, and so do they. You should buy a computer today.
I believe that computer technology has a positive effect on people. I think this is because it can teach you to type faster, discover distant places, and talk to people online. Here are a few reasons. My first reason is that the computer can teach you to type faster. For example for using your quick writing you can get a good job / career and have a future in your life. Another example is that you can type emails faster, and you don't have to type slowly. The final example is that you can improve your typing skills and become a better typist. My second reason is that you can learn more about places far away. For example, you can learn about other countries and how they are different from our country and how they are alike. Another example is that you can use it for projects, get all your information and get ready for a big project. Last example, you can still learn something everyday from your computer like news, weather etc. My third reason is that the computer allows you to communicate with other people. For example, you can talk to your friends and family to keep an eye on them and see how they are doing. Another example is when you are bored you can always talk to someone on the computer and have fun with it. The final example is you can talk to your friends and plan when to go out and out and get some fresh air, that way you don't have to be in your house all day. That's why I think computer technology is a good idea because it can teach you how to type faster, discover distant places, and talk to people online. I hope you also agree with me and think that computer technology is a good idea in everyday life for many reasons.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 has gone very far with technology. Computers and other gadgets have helped us go further. But the computer is a gadget that does not benefit society. My reasons are that when you are on a computer you might be a victim of cyberbullying. My next reason is when you stay too long you miss things like being with family. The last reason computers don't benefit society is when you type on a computer, the spell check on @ CAPS3 checks spelling, punctuation, and grammar so you don't learn from your mistakes. These reasons help me say that computers have not really benefited society. Number one, my number one reason computers haven't benefited society is that you can be cyberbullied. For example, someone comes home and checks their emails. They receive threatening emails. They are afraid of what they are doing. Cyberbullying, induced by computers, is the easiest way to bully someone. You can make them feel bad without doing anything other than typing a message. All you really have to do is find someone's email address. Cyber harassment can also be anyone. Someone you know or someone you don't know. computers have not helped society by causing more crime. Then my reason is if you stay too long you miss out on life. Between verifying email accounts and updating @ CAPS4, the average person spends @ PERCENT1 their day on the computer. People who spend so much time on the computer miss things. My sister always comes up to ask questions in the middle of the conversation as she follows and updates @ CAPS4 while @ CAPS2 has a conversation. People miss things when they are on the computer. Finally, when you type an essay or something, you don't learn anything about grammar or spelling because the spell checker checks it for you. Most of @ LOCATION1's teens when texting aren't using proper grammar or spelling. So they can write an essay in text language, and when they type over it, students choose what they want to say from the spell check and move on. This is unacceptable because students have to learn proper grammar and spelling. This reduces the thinking levels of the students just above reading and clicking the awnser. If computers were doing everything for us, @ CAPS2 would be quick dumb slugs. In conclusion, I think computers have not benefited society. Computers induce cyberbullying. As you type, spell check corrects your mistakes so you don't learn and people miss things when they're on the computer. Computers have not helped society for all of these reasons and more. Computers should be used less.
Dear local newspaper, I think the use of a computer has become a bad influence in modern society. When people talk to each other via text or email, there is no emotional sense. You are blind because you can't see who is on the other side of the screen, @ CAPS1 you know is that person's username. It's pretty much the same as using a disguise. Not only the computer dad for your health. It has become a threat to its user. Would you really want to use something this bad for your health and your privacy? Statistics show that @ PERCENT1 of teens have access to / and use the Internet more than three times per week. Statistics also so much so that more than half of the teens of @ CAPS2.SA spend more than @ NUM1 hours on a computer, some even @ NUM2 hours! It has become the dependence of the world. My friend barely used a computer and always played outside. When his sister showed him @ CAPS3, @ CAPS4, myspace, @ CAPS5, etc. It would stay on for hours and after a month it didn't improve, day by day it started to come out less and less, and I started to hate it for that. Statistics show that people who overuse computers tend to have low grades. People get mixed up with these machines, they become antisocial, don't do their homework, potentially fail at the unit, and reappear in the classroom. Computers are the same as watching TV, of course! they teach hand-eye coordination, but at the same time their brains are turned into swiss cheese. I believe computers are the best idea since pouring gasoline on pancakes.
Dear local newspaper, I think computers are great for our society. Computers have a positive effect on people. They teach people hand-eye coordination and places all over the world. Computers are also great for talking to family and friends online. Computers teach people hand-eye coordination. They help people become familiar with looking at a screen and typing letters to form words. Computers are great for students who play the piano, like me. It helps you to be able to watch music and know where to play with your fingers. Computers help with the piano because they both force you to look at a screen or at music. So that your fingers know what to do. So I think computers help kids and teens to have better hand-eye coordination. Computers are also very useful for everyone as they are great for finding facts or even just looking for a place to go on vacation. Suppose you have just come home from school and your teacher has asked you to write a two page document on @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2. You wouldn't be able to do it from memory, you would need facts. So you should go to the library, but no one can take you there. Well if you have a computer this is a great way to research a topic for school. You don't have to leave your house, you can even stay in your pajamas. Computers give you the information you need. Or if you are planning a vacation to @ LOCATION1 and you don't know where to stay, the internet will get you there and give you some great options. Another thing computers are great for is talking. How do you say, well you can access AIM online. You can have conversations with all your friends and family. This year my brother and my closest cousin went to college. Now I only see them about twice a year, it's so quiet without them, especially in my house. If I ever want to talk to my brother it's great like he's home again. He sends me pictures of his college, his friends and all the fun places he goes. So without computers, I would hardly ever see or talk to my brother. Local newspaper, please consider my opinion, I think computers benefit society. They leave a positive effect on people in the community and the world. Computers teach teens and children excellent hand-eye coordination, and help people like me play the piano smoother and more precisely. Computers are also great for finding school facts when the library is not available. The internet also allows me to stay closer to my brother, who is in college, as we can chat and send photos to each other. So please take my advice into consideration. Thank you.
Dear Diary, I am writing this better to tell you how more people in our society would benefit from using a computer you can work in less time than it would take to do it manually. You can interact and make more friends by talking or chatting on the web. Not to mention that it's more entertaining. This is what computers were made for. To help us in our tasks or for our personal use. How do computers help us work? Let's say you have a business meeting and you need to write a five page report with pictures and graphics. It would take you twice as long to do it by hand as with a computer. With a computer, you can type your work, which makes it much cleaner and more professional. You can copy and paste your images you can @ CAPS1 on the Internet. With graphing software, you can easily connect the data you have collected and the computer will do the rest. If you had to do it by hand, you would have to write some extremely neat @ CAPS1 pictures in a journal or mabe, or even draw them. Then you will need to do the graphic by hand, making sure not to mess up. It is twice as difficult to perform a simple task with a computer. What if you wanted to talk to a friend? With a computer, you can easily talk to a friend about having to write a letter or talk on the phone with a computer, you can either chat with a person in writing or even be able to see them on your computer screen. Instead of just hearing the voice or waiting two or three days to talk to them. If you have a laptop, you can talk to them every time they go or you go. Being able to see the person at your convenience to speak without having to leave your home is a great thing to have. The advantages are major and it costs nothing to discuss. If you have a friend or relative who lives very far away, you can easily chat and have a video conference. What about entertainment? The computer is also very precious! but we can have fun, we can play games or watch videos for convenience. They are not expensive at all to download, they can be played with friends in online chat or by yourself. Videos that you can watch all the time with no ads to pause, you can also pause the video. It's more efficient, they care about the average person very well. Playing games wherever you go is good and again, don't like to play either. In conclusion, I think people would prefer to use computers, it's because it's easier to work with. We can interact with each other. Use it for entertainment. Technology was designed to make things easier, should we take advantage of it.
Has a computer ever helped you answer a tough question or write a school-for-work essay ? I know a computer has helped me for many years so why should I delete it or want it gone. Here is the controversy, many experts believe that computers do not benefit society, but people like me think the exact opposite. There are many benefits to managing a computer, as it is always a source of information, allows you to talk online with others, and it can help people with their school and employment loans. Whatever the problem, don't you believe that a computer is always a source of information that could help? A computer has infinite information on any subject unlike books. This is because everyone, from the smartest to the least intelligent, has their opinions, ideas, and hard facts in a computer on the web. I once watched a movie about a man who despised computers and new technology. So, for most of his life he wondered in the world without a clue or clue as to where @ CAPS4 was looking for a rare artifact called @ CAPS1 diamon. He never found the diamond, but his son who searched the internet for it found that @ CAPS1's geo root meant underground in the old @ CAPS2 culture. using a computer, he found the diamond underground, under the ancient temples @ CAPS2. Therefore, I believe that if people adopted technology like computers, they would find a lot of things that they had never thought of. In addition, computers allow you to chat online with family and friends. Many people use computers to stay in touch when they don't have a phone available. With a computer, you can chat with your friend on the street or a family member on vacation in another country. No matter where you are, a computer can always be on the available form of communication. for example, the only way for many of our soldiers in war to stay in touch with loved ones back home is to talk to them online on a computer. One thing I do know is that no matter how old you are at probably around @ NUM1, if you have a job or go to school you used a computer to help you with @ CAPS4. Whether it's getting a homework question answered or finding someone for a project, we all use computers. Computers even have the ability to help you create brochures or flyers. It can go a long way in helping you advertise if it's something you do at work. Also, a lot of people don't have the neatest handwriting, so they type their essay or letter to their boss, you can even choose what type of handwriting they type. Whatever the case, with work a computer always helps. Yes, I believe computers benefit society. However, some experts disagree with me and think they can become an addition. Always take my suggestions seriously and keep using your computer. Remember, this is always a source of information, you can chat online and it helps in the job.
I believe computers are a great invention. It allows people to interact with people from far away. Has a lot of fun games that you can play. And it's also a great way to learn information about subjects and places far away. Being able to talk to distant relatives is very important. @ PERCENT1 experts say having a united family will give children a better chance of going to college. I understand why some people think "Well, why not the" I grew up in a big family and just all day the phone was on. The computer has a lot of fun games that you can play. I see why you might think the computer is the reason kids are overweight, but it's not the time on the computer. His eating habits. Studies show that computers are used twice as much in winter. Going on the Internet to learn new information is a great way to use your source. Just imagine yourself A student comes home for the weekend about to do the biggest project Liege forgets to bring home the most important book. She's looking everywhere and hyperventilating. But if you had a computer, your daughter would be able to complete the project and go to the college of her dreams. But since you haven't bought a computer, she's going to fail her unsuccessful Harvard class and move to the local community college where maybe one day she can transfer. So I gave you reasons to go out and but a computer that you just lost to go do it. Do you want your kids to interact with Aunt Sally who lives NUM1 miles away. It's also a great way to play games. And finally, you want your daughter to go to Yale or do you want her to fail. I gave you the facts, the rest is up to you.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3, I think computers can be positive. If you think about it, they can actually help you learn with all of these different programs that they have. Suppose you need some tutoring or some advice, you can basically find it all on a computer even if you have a small kid with it, I'm absolutely sure they have websites and programs for them, and believe it. me, they are fun and educational ! You know how people complain that computers take a long time to exercise and interact with family and friends? Well what if you have family living elsewhere. You can chat with them! And also do exercises on the computer. I'm sure if you keep reading you'll know why I think they are positive. Are you having trouble at school? Do they blame it on the computers? Well we can change that! If we are able to prove to people that computers can help us learn and that they are educational, people might actually think computers are not bad with all this technology that has been developed these days. are not that bad. I'm pretty sure they have some sort of tutoring program, they even have an online college! Now there is something to consider. Do you have a child, a younger friend, or even a younger sibling? Are they still looking for games to play? Well I'm @ PERCENT1 sure they are having fun learning games and websites on a computer ! So while they are having fun you can think of everything they are learning now ! It's a really fun way to learn! You can just imagine what they are learning and how well they are doing in school. Do you have relatives who live far away that you can't see much? Well if you all have a computer you can probably keep in touch ! You can chat with each other, watch each other, and see how everyone is doing. It's a perfect way to keep in touch. Want to know what would also be a good way to connect, a webcam! You don't have to have one, it's just a suggestion. So not only can you talk to them, but you can also see them. Isn't that cool? I don't know about you but I think so. Well now that you understand what I have to say about how I think computers are positive. Hope you are thinking the same too. If you really think about it, they aren't bad at all. They are actually very useful. Thank you,
Dear @ CAPS1, I think computers are affecting our country in a positive way. Three reasons I think so are communication, @ CAPS2, entertainment, and, @ CAPS3. One of my favorite things to do is talk and when one of my best friends moved in and I lost their phone number I thought we had no way of doing it. One day he asked me on facebook and from there we communicated on websites like facebook, myspace and skype. My second reason IT benefits our company is @ CAPS2. At my father's house I don't have a television so I rely on the internet to keep me up to date with what's going on in the world. A website called @ CAPS4.com was the first to report the death of @ PERSON1 before anyone knew it. Stories like this often break internet rest. The third reason computers benefit our society is entertainment. You can watch videos, play games, listen to music, communicate with friends. The last reason computers benefit our society is @ CAPS3. Many @ CAPS3s in our community require computer skills such as an accountant, manager, software designer, and computer programmer. The computer makes @ CAPS3 and more efficient in correcting errors, providing visual and typing. These are the reasons why computers affect our community in a positive way.
Dear local newspaper @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 is of great concern to computers and whether or not people spend too much time sitting in front of the screen or not. I think people should be more aware of the time they spend in computers. Instead of ruining your eyes, you should be exercising, enjoying, and being with family and friends. Exercise is an important part of every person's life, and if you don't get enough of it, you could become overweight. Obeisity @ MONTH1 makes people dislike you or think you are a redneck. Although you can say that you don't care what other people think, but in the long run it could be wrong if you think that way. exercise will most likely rid you of almost any kind of discrimination because you won't look any different or even better than the average person. If ever you have the chance, get a telescope and set it up somewhere where you can see the stars at night. Instead of keeping your eyes on the computer for a beautiful sunny joy, take a walk in the woods. As you can see, nature is much more beautiful than hundreds of tiny, colorful little ones forming a picture of nature. If you find a picture of a beautiful plant, why not go and see or smell the plant in person? There are many programs now available on computers that allow you to see people, but wouldn't you prefer to talk to them in real life? I would of course and I think most of the others would too. @ PERCENT1 of the @ LOCATION1 population said they much prefer talking to friends or relatives in person rather than on a computer screen. I think while it is possible you should still be talking to people in person and not through cameras and wires. Hope I made it clear that exercise, nature, and people in real life are all much better options than being in front of a computer for the rest of your life.
Computers are a common thing today and some people think it is bad for society when in fact it is our most useful tool today. It offers easy access to information as well as skills preparation for future generations. And sometimes give lives to cruel days by playing. Before the IT world spends hours in books and finds what they're looking for. The computer fixes this problem. It's not as easy as typing in what you need to know and hitting the enter key. It improves children's grades and the lives of adults by solving a problem without leaving your house and allowing news like you to spread as it becomes known. It also creates an interactive place for anyone in the world with things like and or questions and answers, this not only allows us to ask for opinions and compare answers but also get stats showing that @ MONTH1 helps us make life changing decisions. Not only does it provide information, it also prepares us for the world. With things like kids all over the world and i have social and decision making skills. They also love the web and design as well as simpler things like management and more difficult things like business. With it all, it gives love a copy. Online video game today is a huge creator that allows people not only to do something new, but also to dance, build, fight, smithe teilor, etc. And in fact @ NUM1 games are @ NUM2 ages. It also improves hand-eye coordination at the same time. So when you have a day off, tents bring happiness to people. So computers are all needed and put your mind to work but @ MONTH1 you have your dreams with a little limit though !!
It has come to my attention that there is an argument as to whether or not computers have a positive effect on people. I think computers have a positive effect on people because with computers people can get the necessary information that could be used to help them, it allows people to talk to their friends and family around the world whole and also to computers to discover new things. Therefore, computers have a positive effect on people. students, whether in college or elementary schools, almost always go to a computer when they have to prepare projects for their class without a computer, students would not be able to get the information they need and could allow them to '' getting a bad grade on the project which could lead to worse and worse grades. Adults often use computers for work and planning, so if there were no computers it would mean that thousands of people would lose their jobs and could forget planned plans which could be important and could lead to losses. loss of money for families, not enough money to pay bills and could lead to the loss of their housing, forcing them to live on the streets. Each person has at least two friends or relatives who live in a different place in the world that it is not easy to keep in touch with. However, with computers, people can talk to friends and friends all over the world without having to spend extra money on phone calls to their friends and family members all over the world. Also, if something happens to a family member from somewhere where a real one lives, we could use the internet to check with them to see if everything is okay. Many parents use computers to help teach their near-age children to be ready for the first time they go to school. Computers are also used in schools primarily to teach students things they need to know for the future. Therefore, computers are becoming very useful for people who are trying to learn how to do anything for school. college or job, computers are generally used daily for important things that we need to learn for our future life. So we won't need any extra help learning how to do something. Also, we would be ready to help people when they need help if we already knew what to do. As you can see, computers have a positive effect on people because people can use computers to help them get the information they need for school or work, it allows you to connect with your friends. friends and family all over the world and finally computers help us teach us very important life lessons. In conclusion, computers have a positive effect on people and could prevent a person from losing things that are important to themselves or to others.
For @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ ORGANIZATION1, computers are an advantage for our company. These computers are an advantage for our learning and our knowledge. By using computers, students can work faster and more efficiently. When typing your report on the computer, you might misspell a word. All computers have a spell checker. Also, you @ ORGANIZATION1 have to search for a word because you don't know the definition, all you have to do is go to @ LOCATION1 and type in the word and you automatically get the definition. You @ ORGANIZATION1 got a book report so you could go online and copy and paste @ CAPS2 do @ CAPS2 no @ CAPS2 wants to leave you but @ CAPS2 you had a piece of paper and your pen you could write @ CAPS2. A computer has made the life of a student so much easier. You @ ORGANIZATION1 need a job but can't stand, walk, talk well, you might get a job working at a computer. Computers have created and replaced more jobs. Without a computer, how can teachers receive mail without wasting paper? Of course, a computer uses electricity, but paper wastes trees. Either way, you think @ CAPS2, the computer is a good thing to invest in. Going to college, not everyone has enough time in a day to go to school, well, with your computer you can go to school directly online. So if you don't have the money to buy a backpack, you don't need your friends to stay where you left them. A computer is therefore a good invention. @ CAPS2 has made life faster, greener and even saved trees. On the positive side, @ CAPS2 has even created a lot of jobs. Last minute stuff can even be online. Each computer purchased gave someone else a new expense.
I believe that computers are useful and useful for us. They provide us with a plethora of entertainment, allow us to communicate with each other, and even help us learn. Today, if it's raining outside or it's too cold to do anything, you can go to the computer or computer, watch movies, play games, and chat on the web . The computer is a free machine, and health expert @ PERSON1 says that " computer use is okay as long as it is limited to about an hour or an hour and a half a day ." Some people complain that people don't exercise enough because of computers. But it's not really the computers fault that they don't exercise. In today's modern world, you can call someone, text someone, or contact them with computers, but you can do even more, with a webcam you can video chat with people. and send you videos. You can also connect with your friends on facebook or myspace. Sociologist @ PERSON2 says more and more people are logging into @ CAPS1 websites and talking with their friends. “@ CAPS1 websites are awesome” @ CAPS2 also said “@ CAPS1 lets you talk to your friends when they are far away, or you just can't see them. However, nothing beats a real connection. " Computers also help us learn. They can answer almost any question you have, and have a lot of names. Most people today don't. Some people might still think that computers are bad for you and cause you to not exercise, but I think people have a duty to make friends. They choose to overuse the computer, and too much of anything is a bad thing. Computers today are an invaluable life value and are irreplaceable.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 you know more and more people are starting to use computers. In my opinion, I think the computer benefits society in many ways. One positive effect it has on people is that they can communicate. Thanks to the computer, people can send messages to each other. If someone doesn't have a phone or a car, they can just log in, write a message, and hit the send button. It's an easy way to connect with someone who lives halfway around the world @ CAPS2. If your family members live far away, you can also send them pictures of yourself, your friends / family and the places you have been. They can receive them and also send back photos. Another positive effect of computers on people is that they can learn new things. The internet allows you to search for different topics and has basically anything and everything you can think of. If you go to @ ORGANIZATION1 and type in a word like "dog" you will see a bunch of websites that will take you to other websites that are all about dogs. You can find a list showing the types of dogs, how old a dog can reach, where most dogs are found, how to take good care of them, etc. The Internet allows you to explore new things and help come up with ideas. You name it ; they got it. The computer is also useful when you have nothing to do. If you are bored and can't play outside because the weather is bad or you broke your leg, you can play computer games, listen to music online, or write your own story on a Word document. . Playing computer games can teach you techniques to help you play a game better, @ CAPS2 well @ CAPS2 keeps you occupied. If you want to listen to music for entertainment you can go to @ CAPS3 or other sites and find any song you want to hear. It's better than listening to the radio because sometimes you don't like the song that gives. If you are also in the mood to write a story, you can open a Word document or just want to type whatever comes to mind. @ CAPS2 you can see I think the computer is a fascinating tool to use. You can communicate, learn new things, and be entertained if you are unable to do something active. Remember that whenever you can, go out and play or hang out with your friends and family.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3 people own either computers or laptops. They both do the same things. These electronic devices are famminal. They can help you do a lot of things that other @ MONTHS1 don't. These @ MONTH1 help you find a long lost sibling or who you want @ MONTH1 to find. @ MONTH1 computers hurt you too or @ CAPS4 if you buy from be careful. I went to get my brother, I left when I do it in my mother's house "cried the woman. It's a job for a computer. @ CAPS3 accessible websites threw a computer @ MONTH1 help you to it do, like facebook, myspace and this can affect yours and @ CAPS3 manners. It can turn your life around heartbeat. It can turn any seam a hard time into a good one just by finding your loved one . Computers with @ CAPS3 risk. You can try to pay your bills online and send your money to the wrong websites. It can make you steal your identity. You can also put all your information online and you @ MONTH1 don't think not much to when they really do. You can put your phone number, address and many others and people @ MONTH1 contact you act like someone else and @ MONTH1 you or even kill you. @ CAPS3 people think so very may s not, @ CAPS4 be careful what you do. The computer a big deal on why the @ CAPS4 @ CAPS3 people don't like going out to buy stuff anymore, they just prefer to go on the computer and shop. son why you started to be away You @ MONTH1 go @ MONTH1 stay home and play games online. @ CAPS4 @ CAPS3 more American, both of you be lazy. Basically these are your computers, a useful @ CAPS4, not the pros
People the computer is good and cool. Why is this cool? is cool because the computer helps you in everything. I have reasons. The first reason is that when in your school you have homework, a job, a project or something like that, the computer helps you a lot. Because on the computer, you can connect to the internet and go to Google or other website. The second reason is that the computer is helping you in your house for example: you have a big problem with your car or something like that. You can go to the computer at @ LOCATION1 and you will see the parts for your car. The third reason the computer is so cool is because during that time you can do anything. We can go on the web and make our lives easier. Now you can complete the work, homework, project, ideas, writing book, chat, news, picture printing, etc. But some people use the computer for bad things like pornography or something bad, it's not cool and not suitable for people. The computer is something fabulous and a great genius. My opinion is that computer help is something like a need in our life. Not to live but for our life or something @ CAPS1. Something you can see your family on webcam. It's fabulous, but don't use the webcam for something bad, you can learn things you don't know. I think that's why you used the computer for a good thing. Evaluate the computer. Please.
Dear local newspaper, Technology is an important part of everyday life, even the way of life of some people without technology, specifically computers, humanity would be lost. We wouldn't be able to learn more about faraway places and people are looking for things with a wider range of information available or, for some people, talking to their friends and family. The technology that I needed in everyone's life whether they realized it or not. There is an endless amount of things you can do on the computer and when it comes to advancements in technology, this is just the beginning. The Internet allows people to learn, and more than you would get from a book in the library. You can learn about the culture at @ LOCATION1, the food they eat at @ LOCATION2, or even the way people dress at @ LOCATION3. You can find photos and faraway places and know the currency or country. The possibilities that the computer @ CAPS1 allows you to do are research. When maybe through them they give a much easier presentation! In addition, the computer allows people to communicate with others. For some, it is their only means of communication. If you have a pen pal in the @ CAPS1 state, or maybe even in the @ CAPS1 country, email is a great way to talk to them, it's a quick, easy, and enjoyable tool, others prefer instant messaging though - the message you type appears almost instantly on the other computer. Then they type in an answer and it comes back to you ! Either method is a great way to communicate! So you see, without the technology, we wouldn't be able to learn everything we wanted, to do research, say for language arts classes. We can't even communicate with others. And that's just the start of what our lives would love without the computer.
At @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3, Nowadays, computer technology rules the world. This is where we get our news, our music, our shopping and even our entertainment. Sounds good, doesn't it ? But there are big drawbacks to this info box. Such as, this gadget takes control of people's lives and prevents them from exercising. Nowadays, people even lose human interaction with these wonderful toys. And lastly, computers are very expensive electronic devices, they have a lot of maintenance costing you money and ultimately making you depressed. As you can see, while there are great advantages to computers, there are also some pretty significant disadvantages that you haven't thought about yet. Like I said before, computers keep people from exercising. We all get pretty lazy. People would rather stay in front of their computer screens playing Grand Theft Auto or stalking on Facebook than going outside to play soccer with your friends on the empty lot down the street. @ PERCENT1 of @ LOCATION1 goes without a physical domain for at least a @ DATE1 and a half. @ PERCENT2 of these people prefer to stay at home on their computers. It's a shame ! We cannot let this continue. We need to change the way we live and get rid of this unhealthy device that we call a computer. Of all my reasons computers are in bed, this is by far the most disturbing. People have less and less human interaction as computers become more popular. Now you can do it all from your computer. Soon people will marry them. Oh wait, it's already happened. Just yesterday I read in the last issue of @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5 that a man has married a character from his video game. There was a priest present and everything. They have just returned from their honeymoon. It's sad! Look at what has become of our world. People would rather marry a computer character than communicate with real people. We have to act quickly, I don't know what will happen next. Finally, the computer cost a lot of money. You pay @ MONEY1 for the computer directly, but then you have everything you need and there are plenty of them. Computers are very annoying. You keep pouring money into it, which is just depressing. It'll either crash again soon or crash and cause you to lose a report you've been working on all night. For example, @ DATE1, my dad had to pay @ MONEY2 in order to debug my computer @ DATE1. He was so reluctant to even pay it and afterwards he was bored all week to even pay it. It got even worse when it froze a week later. He was panicking. That's all you get from computers, more and more frustration. I just think it's not worth it.
Dear local newspaper, I firmly believe that computers can be bad for society. My reasons being that people spend too much time on their computers, less time exercising, and lose interaction with family and friends. My number one reason I think computers are bad for our society is that people spend a lot of time on them. I know when I get home from school the computer is all I can think of until I continue. It's like an addiction. People spend all their time on a social network other than going out and meeting new people. My second reason is that people spend less time exercising. I had been to friends' house before and all we did was play computer games instead of enjoying nature outside. Lots of @ CAPS1 don't make healthy food choices, so why not get out there and exercise ? It's because of the computer. I saw my little brother spending his entire Saturday eating at the computer and playing games. It's just unhealthy. My last and final reason is that it takes time away from my family and friends. I spent all my day after school in my room at the computer. It's like when you are on the computer nothing else matters because you think "hey, why don't you just talk to my friends via @ CAPS2, or myspce or facebook ! Talk to them badly for you're on the computer Half the time I'm busy talking to someone I don't know, then helping my little brother with his homework or helping my mom clean the house. , these are my three reasons why I think the computer is bad for civilization. I really hope you take all of this into consideration and really think about what the computer can do at @ CAPS1. spend less time to exercise Third, lose interactions with family and friends.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION2, @ DATE1, computers are a big part of our society. They represent a technological advance and have positive effects. However, computers have more negative effects on people. They take away and decrease time @ CAPS3, interacting with family and seeing the world. First, computers have a negative effect on people because they decrease @ CAPS3 time. People are so busy with computers that their desire for @ CAPS3 is starting to drop. According to a survey by @ ORGANIZATION3 at @ DATE2, for @ CAPS1 a person spending @ NUM1 hours on the computer per week (approximately @ NUM2 hours per day) had increased cholesterol and slow deterioration in muscle. “ Computers turn people away from their needs, ” says @ PERSON1 of @ ORGANIZATION1. "Person @ CAPS1 needs about one to two hours of physical activity per day, and only @ NUM2 people on @ NUM4 get that amount." The main cause of this low number? “ Technology ”, she says, “ @ CAPS2 computers, which takes away all the motivation and time people need for @ CAPS3 ”. @ CAPS3 is vital, and computers are taking that away from society. People shouldn't have bad @ ORGANIZATION1 because of this negative effect: computers. Second, computers have a negative effect on people because they deteriorate the interaction with the family. @ NUM5 people on @ NUM4 say computers take away their family time, reports Family @ CAPS4 @ ORGANIZATION3. This is not at all good, especially since the person @ CAPS1 needs at least @ NUM7 hours of interaction with the family for a healthy mental state and being. Children are directly affected by the use of computers in the home environment. When computer time begins to eat away at time, it also cuts off communication, which is extremely important for burning children. with this, family ties and relationships are ruined like wal. It affects interactions with family and puts hatred in family ties: computers have a negative effect on people. Finally, computers have a negative effect on people because they prevent them from using their world. When you are on the computer, it seems like the whole world is on your computer screen. But it's not. It negatively affects people. @ PERCENT1 of people who use computers with an average storage of about @ NUM2 hours per day have become notoriously withdrawn and oblivious to their world, according to my physcology.net. The treatment? Traveling or even going for walks to enjoy nature can help. People need to be aware of their world in which they live. They have to make important decisions for themselves, their children, even their country, and looking at a computer screen won't help at all. This will particularly affect children, the next generation, who will have no knowledge or a clear view of the world if people stick to their negative habit of using the computer. In conclusion, computers have negative effects on people. They decrease @ CAPS3, so @ ORGANIZATION1 increases and the need for @ CAPS3 increases. It cuts off family interactions by destroying family relationships and ties, not to mention communication. Finally, it takes people away from seeing the world, something in fact very important as it affects people's decision-making as well as future generations. People should be aware of these harmful effects and drastically reduce their use of the computer.
Computers have a huge impact on people's lives! Computers can be useful and entertaining at the same time. I have a computer, but I can only continue if I have finished my homework. I do a lot of stuff on my computer mainly games and social websites like myspce. Computers can be useful in helping you with homework or finding information. I use my computer a lot for homework, a project or if I don't know what the subject is about. I also think computers are useful when talking to friends or family. I talk to my family a lot and they live up to @ LOCATION1. I go to myspace five times a week. Computers can also be a distraction by making people lazy and having bad websites. Like myspace can be dangerous. If you tell someone all of your important information and you don't know it. This can turn out to be very bad. A lot of people don't even leave the computer. I have a lot of family members who only get up to go to the computer or play video games. They don't go down either. Over there like for eight hours. My mom is also using the computer to go to @ CAPS1. She talks to a lot of her friends that she left behind at @ LOCATION1. She still talks to people from high school, but mostly talks to her older sister. It is not on the computer for @ NUM1. It is on for @ NUM2 minutes to one hour. I think computers can help with life, but not being left on for eight hours. You will see what you will do if you do this every time. My cousins are becoming bigger. I'm not talking about height. So if you don't go on the computer for almost half the day!
Dear Diary, Technology is a very useful thing But it is also a bad thing, it makes people lazy. A computer is a multi-purpose tool. Along with that, people can go to any website. Anything, as in research or for personal reasons. First of all, let me stress that computers are useful all-rounders. Computers can also, @ CAPS1 lazy or lazy people. I feel this because, for a lot of people, they sit in front of the computer instead of getting up and being active. Be active and important to people. A lot of people are not active because they are harming the computer. Students sometimes go home and get lost on a towing computer instead of doing their homework. Plus, computers can help you pay your bills. Do some research, or maybe just play some fun games. There are an unlimited number of websites and sites that you can access to help meet a variety of needs. Uploading family photos from your last vacation ? it is simple with most computer software. Finally, computers are a lot like one. They can even turn into a white just waiting for a pint of insparation.
Dear local newspaper, Computers have a positive effect on people. With a computer, you can do so much! They provide a lot of information, communication and even entertainment. The only reason some find it unhealthy or negative is that some people abuse their " computer time ". Have you ever used the popular ww.google.com website ? Sites like this, and many more, are great when you need information. You practically only have to type a word and you automatically have the choice between hundreds or thousands of links containing information about that word ! How could so much knowledge be called unhealthy or have a negative effect on people ? Computers have dictionaries, references, translators, encyclopedias, or even history pages that contain massive information. So go ahead and deepen your knowledge! If you log on to one of the best known and most used social networking sites, such as @ CAPS1 or @ CAPS2, you will discover a new way to communicate with your friends and family. Equipped with tools and various settings to keep you safe, you can find lost friends or disconnected family members and catch up with them instantly. Again, many people abuse these websites, using hurtful words, inappropriate things, but this problem can be easily fixed if you " report " them to the website manager or an adult. You just need to know how to be safe online, if not, the computer can be a very negative object for you. If you know how to use it properly, you will enjoy messages from family or instant messages from friends. There is a wide variety of entertainment available on your computer. From video sharing websites like www.youtube.com. to gaming websites like www.onemorelevel.com. These sites offer games and many videos, or even learning aids. There are sites where you can buy music and movies, or even clothes and furniture. Many stores have online websites where you can purchase items and have them shipped to your doorstep. How could this be possible to regroup? In addition, there are video games specially created for the computer, which you can purchase and install for instant entertainment. I mean, who doesn't lie to play games or go shopping, without having to bother to find the time to go out and do it? I know my aunts do. So, you see, computers are not negative, unless you abuse your "computer time" and waste countless hours for no reason. You must have a limit. Without it, it's just weird to spend all day on a computer. So have fun! Learn, communicate, have fun.
Dear @ CAPS1, computers tend to have more negative effects on people than positive. This is true because people @ MOIS1 don't get enough exercise, people @ MOIS1 don't enjoy nature in the forest, and lastly, because in this world people don't spend enough time with it. their family and friends. The computer is good to have around the house, but. For starters, people spend too much time on computers. They have more negative effects because while you are on the computer you are not exercising. Think about the day shedding fat from all the fast foods on the computer while eating them. Obesity is now a big concern with @ ORGANIZATION1. Staying on the computer does not help the situation. Anyone concerned, technologically challenged will agree that the countless on the computer are not good for the health of our country. In addition, people spend too much time on computers and not enough beauty of nature. Lots of people, adults and have @ DATE1 because they are in the world but this should be explored and people should be thankful for the beauty that we still have @ DATE1. They should be things to wait to see. While communication is important for everyone, instead of talking on the computer, people should be making plans with family and friends. This idea also refers to the lack of exercise and the naivety of people. If people went out and enjoyed life in the forest with their friends and family, there wouldn't be many hours a day wasted on a computer. People should let go and go. Life is too short to sit all day. Any intelligent person would realize that time spent on the computer is not as fun as time spent with family and friends. In conclusion, computers are and have been very overused lately. Instead of having problems, lack of sunlight, and boring computer chats, people should get up and go. You only live once, and this time you have to live it fully!
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 could a person do without a computer ? Well i dont think anything because @ CAPS1 if you are like me having family far away in another country with computer you can see them through camera and talk to them like you are there. Computers just don't take your time, they help you figure out how to build a family. These are many reasons why I think computers should be very important. My first reason is that they give you information about a place that you might be interested in seeing or learning about their culture. There are a lot of people who like to explore and see new places, but they can't because they maybe don't have the time or maybe they have a lot of work. There is no exception that someone does not present their opportunities, simply because they do not have the time or a computer. My second reason is work. People like you who work in an office need information about a place where a disaster has occurred. You might need something to see how this happened and @ CAPS1 was the condition in which this happened. People who work in an important place need a computer because they save their work so they don't lose it and get fired. My third and final reason is to be organized. Being organized is very important, it helps you keep a job or have everything on hand. Well, computers are not just a hobby, they also make your life easier. Lots of people say they don't have @ CAPS1 for having too many papers; with a computer, you can have all that paper on one page that you save, and only you can see it. As you @ MONTH1 see that many people who have computers use it productively. It's not just a passage of time like people say. It also helps you do a lot of things for your own future - not just playing with new friends. Well, as you see @ MONTH1, here are my top three reasons to keep a computer in your home and use it efficiently and productively.
Dear, @ ORGANIZATION2. A computer is a very useful resource. It helps people navigate life, they can find jobs, do research for school. This world would be nothing without computers. But on the other hand, some people spend too much time on the computer. But surfing the web for countless hours is their choice. Computers can help students do research from the comfort of their own homes. Instead of going to the local library and searching and searching for books, all they have to do is type in their research topic and tons of different websites are right under their noses. A computer is the world at your fingertips. A computer can also help unemployed people find a job. It's easy, type in which city you want to work, and go. You can even fill out a job application right away. Hey, some people even work from home. Stay-at-home moms can easily earn money while doing daily chores like washing the dishes. Working from home can also be a lot less stressful. It's less stressful because you don't have to deal with boring and impatient coworkers. workers. Did you know that @ PERCENT1 of the job originates from the home of workers, @ CAPS1 now you know that. Homework makes another day at the office, another day at home. Computers have helped us progress since the days of the cavemen. Without computers, it would be nothing. We would have so many basic things like traffic lights, elevators, and even steam traps. We wouldn't have the fancy stuff like the sleeves, either. and cars and planes. Imagine an airport without computers, where would they store all their information ? On paper? Where would a school store all of its grades and late arrivals ? On paper? Where would the government store its information? On paper? With these three palces, we have already reduced @ ORGANIZATION1 in half. The computer also helps the environment. They will also help us invent more technology so that one day we can live on @ CAPS2 or something like that. Hope this essay changed your mind about computers. Let's recap, they help students search, help people find jobs, you can work from home. Help the environment. Without computers we would live in caves and walk around with leaves as our underwear like a caveman. The @ CAPS3 line is that computers are very useful.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 computers are a good idea as all developed countries use computers. In addition, they learn @ CAPS2, promote communication and are important from a business standpoint. Computers also make life easier for many people. @ CAPS2 computers learn by leaving a large amount of information available. Personally, I discover a lot of world events just by creating yahoo.com. Computers allow me to discover the new @ NUM1, learning cultures from all over the world can be done by computer. The last way @ CAPS2 computers learn is by educating us on everyday things like removing a stain, how to pronounce a word, how to make a new dish, and more. Computers are also essential for communication. We use computers to talk to our friends on Facebook. You can also meet new people using a PC. Everyone uses a computer, so you can meet everyone. The last reason computers are important is that from a business standpoint, the computer helps a lot of small businesses by letting it know. The national seller and large companies can compete for the same customer. Moreover, the Internet generates a lot of money for people because they can use it as a cyber billboard. In conclusion, the computer is useful for learning, communication and commerce. Therefore, the computer should be supported and not despised.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, Have you ever spent more than an hour at a time on the computer ? Computers have a negative effect on people ! You may damage your eyesight, you should spend time playing outside, and it will be more difficult to talk to people in person. Do your eyes tend to hurt when you finally leave the computer ? Whether or not you play games or type articles, your eyes @ MOIS1 strive to follow a small font on a website. I remember when I read a novel online and my whole body was ready to go and play. Except my eyes. Instead of playing sports games on the computer, you should get up and play outside! When you're on a computer, you're probably indoors. Did you know that a person should be outdoors for at least @ NUM1 minutes to access vitamin @ CAPS3. Your tenderloin has the right amount of vitamins you need on a daily basis, on a computer screen. Have you ever found it easier to talk to someone on the computer than in person ? You are not the only person who thinks this way. If you leave the computer and talk to one person face to face, you can improve your social skills. It won't be easy at first, but it will pay off in the long run. You now know that computers don't really have a positive effect. This interferes with your vision, limits your active time outdoors, and makes it more difficult to talk to people in person. So come on, put the mouse down and find something " handy " to do !
Computers do not benefit today's society. Computers have made technology a necessity, many people do not spend enough time doing other activities, and they are not beneficial to their health. Want a world full of @ ORGANIZATION1 people staring at a computer screen ? Computers are great for everyone, but they are addicting. Computers were designed to do your jobs faster and easier. For example, you can shop online and search on Google. We live in a generation where computers have become a necessity instead of @ ORGANIZATION1 pleasure. According to @ PERSON1, psychologist at @ ORGANIZATION1, more than @ PERCENT1 @ ORGANIZATION1 people today are inside on their computers. Plus, computers make people lazy. Instead, @ ORGANIZATION1 goes to the store to buy things or goes to your friends' house to talk, you would usually use the computer to do this. As a result, people don't spend enough time doing other things. For example, on a bright sunny day, you would think that most of the kids would be out having fun, but that's no longer the case. For children of computer use / working age, they @ CAPS1 will be indoors on a beautiful day. There are a lot of great things to do on a computer, like chatting with friends, checking email, and Facebook. Even though these things are nice, you should limit your time on the computer. Most @ ORGANIZATION1 the time you spend on the computer could be spent outdoors or at the movies. Not being on the computer could also help small businesses. If you pay money to do a business, or buy something, watch something, it would make a difference in the bottom line of the small business. On the other hand, computers do not benefit your health. Mac. magazine claims that there are health risks when you use your computer all the time. @ PERCENT2 @ ORGANIZATION1 people get obese and vitamin deficient @ CAPS1 using their computer so much. When using your computer, you can workout or exercise, which causes obesity. Plus, if you're indoors all the time you won't get the healthy amount of @ ORGANIZATION1 sun you need, so you are deficient in vitamin @ CAPS1. Another health risk is having bad eyes. If you spend hours a day on a computer, your eyes can be permanently damaged. Would you like your child (ren) to be at risk of excessive computer use ? In conclusion, it is safe to say that computers are not benefiting today's society. Many people are addicted to technology, you could use your time more wisely, and computers put your health at risk. Although computers make it easier for us to accomplish tasks, abusing privilege will have consequences for everyone.
Dear local newspaper, I think computers have a positive effect on people. Some adults and especially children do not get enough exercise or even spend time with their families. Some parents are less active with their children. Children don't do their homework because they are always in front of the computer when they get home. Adults and children exercise less. Sitting down to read or do what they are doing on the computer is not an exercise. They will get fat because they eat and sit and feel hungry again rather than eating and sitting. Some people say your finger and arm stretch and move the mouse, that's not really true. Staring at the computer screen all day can cause a massive hand. People don't spend time with their families either. They sit in front of or in front of a computer and ignore everyone and everything around them. Children could benefit from other things besides computers. Parents can be outside. Play wrestling with their children or even play a board game with them. People are no less active. They don't go out and have fun jumping with their friends. Instead, they target them on computers or send them messages on facebook or even myspace. Children fail in school because they don't do their homework after school. They prefer to go on the computer. That's why I think computers have a positive effect on children and adults.
Dear @ CAPS1 In my opinion, computer is the best thing because you can do a lot of things like play games. My three reasons why you should have a computer are that you can talk online with your friend or do homework or a project and sort things out at @ LOCATION1. Therefore, I think if you like to do this, the computer is what you need. My first reason is to speak online. People are chatting online so they can talk to their friend @ PERSON1. If you talk online, you can figure out what the homework was, when the meeting was or what time the party starts. You can also chat online with your friends or family who have moved or live far away around @ LOCATION2. My second reason is to do my homework. Sometimes you need the computer to do your homework. You need the computer to be able to print an image for your report. You will also need to enter your vacation report. The computer also helps you refine the @CAPS2 story or book online so you can do your homework or project. My third reason is to find things on @ LOCATION1. You determine how old @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 is or how tall @ ORGANIZATION1 is. You can also figure out how to spell a swear word. You may find that there are many lanes that can take you to the beach @ LOCATION1 or @ CAPS5 or other places. Determine where the wall of @ LOCATION3 is. In addition, if you like to learn things at @ LOCATION1 or talk online and do other things, you should get a computer.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 I believe it is true that a lot of people use computers and many more will use them in the future. Computers are a standard of the business world and are heavily reliant on it. People even need Internet access on cell phones to stay up to date on important inventory, shipments and emails. Some computers are also intended for home use only and are used to contact family members and find information you @ MONTH1 need instantly or might not be able to find. Computers are still in development and get faster and better day by day and will probably never be taken out of use, but that doesn't mean they will permanently prevent you from accessing other activities. . It is true that some people spend too much time on the computer, but not everyone does, some people work from a personal computer and cannot help but be there because it is their job. . I implore you to consider why computers are used so much and understand that computers are used to help avoid hurting people. Computers are very useful for simplifying things and are very useful for information. I am strongly attached to the use of computers and I strongly disagree that they negatively affect the human way of life. Computers do things that people wouldn't normally do, for example someone wouldn't go and find everything they need to know at a glance because there are only certain facts to look for and it would also be easy to compare and contrast information on a computer rather than reading several different books. So if you really think about it, computers save us a tremendous amount of time with the things we do. Again, I say " computers should better not hurt life ".
Dear local newspaper,… I believe that computers have a negative effect on people today. I believe this because computers make people less active, most people would like to be home on their computer and then outside doing activities. I also believe that computers restrict people speaking through to show their emotions. People should hang out with each other when they talk without speaking through a machien. Finally, if people weren't on the computer so much, they would reduce the country's obesity rate if everyone stopped using the technology for a while and got out. Every day at least once or twice or sometimes even more people use the computer for hours. Today, people have so many options to do on the Internet: @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, ooVoo, and more. @ NUM1 people on @ NUM2 say they "need" to check them every day, but they really don't. What they "need" to do is stop using computers so much and get out there! In addition, people all over the world communicate through the computer. I talk to my friends all the time thinking that the computer ”says @ PERSON1,“ @ CAPS3 the easiest way. ”Now @ MONTH1 is the easiest way but @ CAPS3 also the most boring, I mean , do you really want to talk like a robot or with emotions like a person ? Computers don't give you the ability to show emotions, it means people have to come out, get up and even call each other to talk. At least , you get up to pick up the phone. Finally, @ CAPS4 is one of the most obese places in the world. People sit in front of the computer everyday, eat, not move at all, and gain weight. "Do you really be known as the“ big country "? I don't think so. People should restrict computer use among themselves to even less time if you can. To rephrase, I believe that computers have a negative effect on the people of the world today. owers make people less active. less emotion in a conversation, and make people obese. So please help me fight to get more people out of the way and make people more active, sounds like a good cause, huh ?
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, I'm here to talk about my take on computers, how they help people, and how many people say kids and adults spend too much time on them. My first take on this topic is that computers get more and more advanced over time. In recent years, IT companies have made huge strides in allowing people to do almost anything. This is both good and bad. A computer is a tool that is a good feature for any home. It's great for people who own a small business, you can easily go online and update something you want to change in your store like colorful poster design to put on your store windows to increase business and grab people's attention. You can also book flights weeks or even months before you even get to the airport. It's good for those who are busy and travel a lot. You can go to a website called @ ORGANIZATION2 where you can go anywhere in the world and zoom in on a landmark such as the big @ CAPS1 in @ LOCATION2 or the @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 in @ LOCATION1. Computers can also improve your hand-eye coordination when typing. Typing is an important skill to master, if you are a good typist you can do things much more efficiently than you would on paper. Some can even memorize the keyboard without even having to look down. Computers are also great for communicating if you have distant relatives in another state or even country, you can easily talk to them through @ CAPS4. @ CAPS4 is an online service that you use to talk to them in person. These are just a few of the things you can do with the computer. On the other hand, many say that people spend too much time on computers, go out to exercise, and don't spend enough time with their families. I agree that this is the case in some respects. I know friends who spend an average of about six hours a day on computers, which is way too much for me. Parents are also becoming too busy working on computers when they should be spending time with their children. Some children have become so addicted to computers that they could become unhealthy and obese from sitting still, something that shouldn't happen. Hope you learned a bit about the pros and cons of computers, and the importance of not being on the computer too much, but it can be an important feature if used correctly.
Hello everyone, I have heard how many people basically say that computers are bad. That people spend too much time on computers and not enough time outdoors and with their families. But I'm writing to you today to tell you how great computers really are. First of all, computers help technology so much. People can now do things that we could never do before. Things like chatting with people across the sea without having to pay for @ CAPS1 or even be there. Finding Ways to Burn Fat Fast and Diet Programs. Upload photos to share with other family members and friends. And much more. Computers have helped so many people do so many things! Mainly good things elsewhere. Second, computers have helped us do things we couldn't have done otherwise. Like going to the moon! Have cellphones! And some diseases have been helped to cure by using computers. Computers can be a bit dangerous for some people, who probably don't know how to use them properly, but in a few years it can all be fixed! We are more and more advanced in many ways, @ CAPS1 '@ CAPS3 a little crazy ! I could go on and on, on so many other things that computers do for us, but there aren't enough pages. Finally, @ CAPS1 is easier to search with computers. -And faster at- @ CAPS2 in my school, we use our computers for learning purposes, and they help us a lot. I have personally learned a lot from computers. I even use them to improve my math for the @ ORGANIZATION1 '@ CAPS3! We need them! (@ CAPS4 ... I do at least) I'm even starting to learn another language - @ CAPS5- with them. @ CAPS1 '@ CAPS3 so as not to assume that everyone who uses them is fat, lazy, and doesn't spend enough time with family and / or friends. Also please stop all this nonsense, I really don't think spending too much time on computers is the thing you should be worrying about right now. That's all I have to say. Bye.
I remember when the computer was so popular. Back then I had to write my essays and listen to music on the radio. Now computers are very popular. I believe computers have a positive effect on people @ DATE1 because students need them for school, you can use them for other things, and lastly, it's easy to access them. You will know that computers are good for our society! Most students use computers to type college essays, projects, etc. Which is good because it is much easier. For example, I am a student who cannot draw, so I printed pictures from the computer so that I could paste them on my postal board. So, in other words, the computer is useful for the students. I know @ NUM1 on @ NUM2 colleges expect students to hand in homework against computers or it's a zero. In this society there is no time for zeros because when you are in college you always pay for the class even if you fail or not. So basically it's a waste of money. So the computer can prevent us from failing ! Nowadays, people use computers for fun. In general, send messages to people on myspace, facebook, twitter and other social networks. Which is quite interesting because you can end up with a friend that you haven't seen in years. As you can see, the internet has its advantages because you never thought you would see your friend do it. Another thing about computers is that you can find stuff cheaper than everyday life, for example if you want to take a trip and you call @ ORGANIZATION1 for your ticket. The ticket arrived at. But you go on the computer and you go to the @ ORGANIZATION1 website and find your ticket to Florida, the price will probably be a few hundred dollars less. Since we are in a state of rest, we will need those few hundred dollars to save. Computers are everywhere You can find one at school, at home, in a coffee shop, or even on your cell phone. Which is good because you can use them however you want. At home, if my laptop is free, I can go there and stay there for hours playing games. Also, I remember when my computer crashed and I wanted to go so badly. So I realized I could go to the computer at the library. I was so happy because it didn't cost me anything. In short, computers have a positive effect on people. I really don't know what to do if I don't have one because students need it, you can do other things on it, and finally it's easy to access! In this generation, everyone rushes and computers.
Dear local newspaper, Computers are affecting more and more people in society instead of helping. A boy named @ PERSON1 started having a lot of health problems after he bought a computer. The computer he thought he was using to help her was no help. Her health problems began to worsen. He quickly started to be short of breath, still had high blood pressure, and he started to become overweight. Since having this computer, he didn't exercise or go out to spend time with family and friends as much as he was on the Internet. Computers are not useful, my opinion is that they only waste your time, waste your education and can make you unhealthy. As you already know @ MONTH1 the computer can do a lot to help you, but there are some things you don't know about computers. According to a health magazine, tests show that using a computer for two or three hours can cause you to lose @ PERCENT1 of your brain cells. That's a lot of brain cells to lose when you need them for your studies. There is no way to get them back either. After walking the streets listening to what people think about how computers can affect people, @ PERSON2, a policeman from the police department said : "I love to use the computer and go on Internet, but most of the time I act on the computer at @ TIME1 and finding myself going down to @ NUM1 @ ORGANIZATION1 can be very dangerous and unhealthy. Computers can help you find what you are looking for or show things that you have never seen before, but it's all a waste of line Instead of going to the computer to go to facebook, youtube or myspace, you should go out and interact with your family and friends after interviewing @ PERSON3, the best rapper so far she had this to stay "Computers are okay but sometimes they are just a waste of time. Instead of being on the Internet doing something unnecessary like playing a game, you might be stuck on an upcoming test or doing your homework so you don't do it at the last minute. ”
Dear Diary, @ CAPS1, you agree that people can use computers all the time and never get off. Well, I don't. Think about all the negative things that could happen. Like spending less time with your family, becoming addicted and unhealthy. People who spend all their time on the computer forget that their family is there. For example I remember when I was little and I was on the computer and forgot I had family members with me so I missed all the fun things like going to the center shopping or at the park. While playing on the computer is fun, wouldn't you want to pay attention to your family. Almost @ PERCENT1 people in other countries feel very lonely because all they @ CAPS1 are playing on the computer and forgetting about others. You wouldn't want to be like these other people, would you ? I never thought that playing on computers could get addicted. Many people in other countries cannot go a day without playing on computers. Some say that almost all of the people who play on computers all day, day and night, have died because they eat, sleep, or use the bathroom. Imagine that your life ends because of computer addiction. I remember when my friend said to me, "don't stay on the computer too long, you might die", and I thought that was a joke. So think about going on the computer all day and all night. No, but not the least, some people do not treat their bodies properly. For example, some people playing on counters forget to eat, sleep or go for a walk. It tends to numb people's legs and make them feel very sore in their stomachs. Imagine not eating, sleeping and walking around for a day. You wouldn't even want to try this. Now is the time to decide whether people should be able to play on the computer day or night. Also all the negative things that can happen like spending less time with family members, getting addicted and being in poor health. So get up and decide.
Dear local newspaper, I have been using my computer for a long time now. I didn't have one growing up, but I had one last year. There have been people who say that the computer is good and it helps you keep in touch with your friends and family, it helps you know everything and you can search the news. I completely agree with that. But some people don't like the computer because they spend more time on it than on the outside. Here are ny thoughts on the computer. First of all, the computer is a great way to check the news. You can find more information and weather faster than on TV. if you want to find the news, all you need to do is go to a website that you think has news. I find out what the weather is like today, what is going on throughout the day for @ MONTH1 to shock everyone and educate me on celebrities. All with the push of a button and the click of a mouse. Second, the computer is like a tutor. Either you have a hard time doing your homework or you just want to know a simple fact, the computer is for you. Just search for something you want to know on a search engine and you will have your answer. It doesn't seem that important, but it's when you are eager to learn. Finally, the computer is the famous means of communication throughout the world. Be it facebook, myspace, goal, you can talk to your family and friends near or far. You might think, “ oh, what's a phone for ” ? Well, all of these sites are free. Yes, I said it for free. There is also skype. Skype is where you can actually see the person you're talking to. Yes, the wonderful world of technology. So now you know that a computer can teach you things. he can find you news and help you communicate around the world. Now you think, " People spend too much time on computers, don't they " ? This is where independence comes in. Get off or that. it's your decision to stay on it, not the computers. Limit your time to half an hour a day. Go by our side, enjoy nature. AMybe do a little exercise.
Dear @ CAPS1, advancements in computer technology have had a positive impact on the society we live in today. Computers teach hand-eye coordination, help children learn inside and outside of school, and connect the world socially. These amazing devices have done nothing to harm the new generation. In fact, they did the exact opposite. Computers are a great way to teach hand-eye coordination. People who oppose the use of computers believe that they only make children lazy and ignorant. This is not the case. Coordination acquired using mouse games in sports such as baseball and lacrosse. Players must watch an incoming ball and guide their stick or mitt to catch the ball. As you can see, coordination is essential in sports. It is also needed for simple daily chores around the house. It can be as easy as taking out the trash or preparing meals. We forget about the fact that easy tasks like these always require coordination. A poorly placed saucepan could pour boiling water on the floor and cause a huge mess. We are lucky to live in a world with such a great teacher of hand-eye coordination. Computers are the most skilled teachers in the world. No matter how hard you try if you are using a computer, you will learn something. The Internet is the best cache of information. Nowadays, the environment is a growing concern. Paper is not made from trees, so it must be cut. It takes forty years for a tree to grow and a few seconds to fell one. Schools around the world should be using computers and keyboards for work rather than paper and pencil. Since most students are familiar with computers, they enjoy working with them more than writing. The average child could learn more in an hour with a computer than they would in a whole day at school. The transition must be made. Computers are also a huge social network. Instant messaging and @ CAPS2 are now the main sources of communication. Without the computers I couldn't talk to my friend who moved to @ LOCATION2 two years ago. This is just one example of the usefulness of social media. They help people keep in touch with old friends and work. All large businesses use computers to invest, sell products, and store information. Computers are the ultimate way to communicate. Obviously, computers are growing in popularity exponentially. The @ LOCATION1 should take advantage of this. Imagine a more eco-friendly country where we don't have to cut down a million acres of rainforest @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 every year. The benefits of computers are endless. Three of them are hand-eye coordination, knowledge, and communication.
Dear Presse @ LOCATION1, I recently heard about many computer based arguments ruining society. I strongly disagree with this. I think the computer is a great way to connect with old friends. The Internet is also faster for research than for looking in a book, and there are many games on the Internet. I think the internet is a great way to meet old friends. Some people moved and I couldn't speak at that time. Now with the Internet I can talk again. The same case with my mother. She had friends from high school and college that she had spoken to before. Now, with Facebook, she has united with them. It also helps because you can email someone who is interested in sending a letter in the post which costs money, unlike email. The Internet can therefore also be a means of saving money. It is also much faster to send an email to someone than a letter. The Internet is a great way to stay in touch with friends and relatives. I also believe that using the computer is more efficient than going to a library and looking for a book. If you don't have enough time to visit a library, you can do some research at home. And if the library is closed if you go there, then you've wasted time. Internet never closes, it is open @ NUM1. What if you go to the library and they are open, but don't have a book on your topic? It can also be done on the internet as there is everything you could ask for on the internet. If you have an overdue library book, you can renew it on the Internet. The internet is a great place to research any topic you have or do whatever you want. Finally, the computer is ideal for playing all the games, there is what you would like to play. Also @ CAPS1 to spend about @ MONEY1 on an x-box and a game, you @ MONTH1 only have to spend about @ MONEY2 on a game that goes into your computer. There are also many websites that offer games. Some websites are intended for specific games, and they contain a lot of games as well. Only a few of the games are interactive with other players and you can talk and make new friends. On the other hand, many games are only for one player. As a result, a computer is a great use for playing games. In conclusion, I believe that the computer is a great need for our society. In the long run, it will pay off, especially with the economic problems our country is currently experiencing, helping us save money. It will also connect with old friends, save time and keep anyone who wants entertained.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, Which article title is more interesting, "Local @ CAPS1 wins three mile race" or "Local @ CAPS1 wins three mile race on computer game." @ CAPS3, the less interesting headline is what your news will change if people continue to use computers. Some effects of computers on people spend less time cheating with family and friends and finally most people don't learn anything when they are on the computer, they just play games. As you can see I agree that computers are a bad idea. Bet some people never thought of it, but computers can lead kids, and maybe even adults, to cheat. There are websites on the Internet where the user simply types in the question and gets an answer. There is @ CAPS4 another way to cheat, by copying other work, essays or articles from a website. Some students might be told to write a biography about a person, and they might just copy an article, swap a few words to make it sound like their own paper, and without guilt. Another computer can spend less time with family and friends than I was watching TV and playing on the computer. The woman was very close to because the computer was helping @ CAPS4, there was always box on the computers. Because on this show, I realized that the computer types of anti-social divorce between parents are skyrocketing. Do you see all the computers of people looking for facts about things being learned by computers. I know that when I have time to go to the computer, I am not looking for things to learn. Nowadays, most people don't care too much about knowing more about countries other than their own, or about people other than people they know. I think it's pretty obvious that no one is using computers for learning, otherwise they wouldn't have so many users on gaming sites. In conclusion, computers have negative effects that affect everyone. So @ ORGANIZATION1, you want your news to be the latest divorces and high scores in computer games ? Or do you want interesting news that will bring your newspaper to life. Thanks for taking the time to read this.
Dear @ CAPS1 from @ ORGANIZATION1 ; Technology seems to be having a positive effect on people. But could that be a bad thing. The computer is one of the main uses of @ CAPS2, but I think we're spending a little too much time on it. My reasons are that kids and adults spend a lot of time there, can't interact with friends or family, and you can't enjoy nature. Don't get me wrong, it's nice to meet new people on the internet and discover other places. But when are you going to be exercising for @ NUM1 hours ? Sometimes you can never get up because your eyes are glued to the screen. As for food, you sit down and eat junk food. You can't get a healthy meal if you eat chips and candy for hours. Instead of being blinded by the screen, you can be blinded by the sun outside while riding a bicycle. It's a great way to get in shape, rather than typing and clicking your @ CAPS3. Another way to get in shape (than sitting down) is to go out for a run. Kids need around @ NUM2 minutes of cardio, so why not run your legs instead of your last download ? You work your arms and legs! My next reason that spending too much time on the computer is bad is that you won't have time for your friends or family. Will the kids just sit at the computer all day while your family is having fun ? Also, when you have chores to do, what will happen to them? The dishes will be dirty and your room will be a mess. Above all, won't you miss your friends? At this age, kids / teens should party with friends and not chat online. No one will ever want to invite you anywhere because they will know that you are on the computer. Finally, my last reason is the simplest; enjoy nature explore the outdoors instead of living indoors. It's good to get out once in a while and get a breath of fresh air. If you haven't visited the park in a while this would be great. Hear all the birds chirp and see the trees and flowers bloom ! Then take a nice walk or take a walk in the park. Get some exercise and explore nature too. While you're at it, plant flowers in your garden. It shows that instead of buying games online, you are buying seeds to help the environment. In conclusion, spending time on the computer is not bad, it is enough not to spend hours there. Children will also be children, adults will be adults. Take the considerations in hand. So try to exercise, hang out with friends and family, and enjoy nature!
Dear journal @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 drew my attention to the fact that the aspect of computers and their influence on people was brought up. Personally, I think computers are a wonderful tool in helping mankind move forward. They provide endless knowledge, entertainment and, despite what the other side says, allow for social interactions for those who don't like @ CAPS4 to meet face to face. My number one reason computers benefit humans rather than harm humans is the knowledge they provide. Computers provide access to the Internet, which contains an almost infinite amount of knowledge stored in @ CAPS2. With the click of a button, you have thousands of websites dedicated to answering your question. They can provide tons of information that is normally inaccessible. Take for example two students, one with a computer is without. Both are responsible for writing a report on a famous person. The one with the computer records all the research for reason, and within seconds he has enough information to write numerous reports. He succeeds in intercourse and continues to use this method. He graduates at the top of his class, goes to college and gets a well-paying job right from the start. Anyone who doesn't have a computer has to go to the library. After spending an hour walking there, he learns that all the books on this person are out. He finds a book with a short passage about that person and writes about it. He fails the test, fails the class, drops out of school and works for an @ ORGANIZATION1 all his life. See how different a computer can be? My second reason is that while computers are often thought of as destroying @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3 can build social lives. Millions of people use the internet every time and there are websites designed for them to talk. Some people @ MONTH1 that it is and leads to, but anyone with basic knowledge knows not to educate themselves. The Internet also has it and those who are still unsure can use sites specifically to talk to people they know in life. @ CAPS2 also allows people to ask questions. Have you found specific information differently? Just post a question on a public site. People with first-hand experience will respond to @ CAPS2 with all the details you need and more. Say someone wants to be a writer, but needs to know how the writing system works, how to define a job in @ CAPS2, what the salary is etc. asks the questions on a public site. Someone who's been writing their whole life checks the question and responds to @ CAPS2 in great detail. Problem solved and @ CAPS2 someone on the internet. My last reason is that the entertainment computer allows you to play games, watch home movies or videos, and even talk to friends. Computers give you access to thousands of free services that you can benefit from. Sitting in your room, are you bored? Why not play a game on your computer. Tired of @ CAPS4.V movies ? Go to the computer and have an endless Wideo library? Go to the computer and have an endless video library at your fingertips. Only? Go to a social website and start a conversation. @ CAPS2 offers endless entertainment, right at your fingertips. In conclusion, I think computers have no limit to what you can do with a computer, as long as you have your imagination. Computers were invented for the good of mankind without harm, and they do a great job.
Do you like to learn more about distant exotic lands and animals? Are you good at sports but would like to be even better? Do you sometimes miss your family that lives in other states ? The computer can help you with all of this, but is @ CAPS1 bad for you too ? In my opinion, both children and adults should use the computer. When people are on the computer, they can learn about interesting distant lands. When you are on the computer, you can search for some of the natural disasters. For example, people could google every earthquake and find out all about the people who lost their lives. The people they will give money to the poor. Children living alone. They can also learn about all the wonderful beautiful lands waiting to be explored. Everyone I know loves beautiful birds and animals. In their world, they will be able to do it on a computer. The could be so much more of these lands. Having a computer will also allow you to talk to hard-to-get people. With a computer, people will be able to talk to their families who live in states other than themselves. I have an uncle who lives at @ LOCATION1. I can only see it because there is a lot of money to come. Somewhere on the computer @ CAPS1 is easy to message him about how I'm doing. With the computer, you will be able to talk to your friends who cannot talk on the phone. For example, what if your friend and not. She can't talk on the phone because then what are you doing. It helps you. The last reason we should have a computer. If you allow @ MONTH1 periods of time, @ CAPS1 will help you with hand-eye coordination. It will help children who play baseball. They'll know where the ball is at all times and they'll likely grab it more often, so playing a bit of video games isn't bad unless you have one. Using the computer is @ CAPS1 good to do or not using the computer helps people be able to interact with wild people who are so easy to talk to. So @ CAPS1 you are completely using the computer to get up and use @ CAPS1 right now.
@ CAPS8 more and more technologies are invented, people use the computer for work and for learning. But more time on the computer is not necessarily a good thing. People don't exercise enough, tire their eyes, and have less interaction with real people. One of the reasons computers have a negative effect on people is that they don't exercise enough. Take my friend @ CAPS1 for example. He was a triathlete, training every day so he could be in man @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3- @ CAPS4 at @ LOCATION1 the next @ DATE1. But then he got his computer. @ CAPS1 suddenly lost interest in exercising and was spending all day checking email instead of working out. But he is not the only person who has become unhealthy from computers. Experts say that @ CAPS5 with home computers only gets @ PERCENT1 from exercise @ CAPS5 without computers. @ CAPS5 with computers was also more likely to be overweight and choose crisps over an apple in a study at @ ORGANIZATION1. @ PERSON1, who led this study, said: @ CAPS5 is taught by society that computers can do such wonderful things and educate them. However, they are not taught how unhealthy they can be when overused. "@ CAPS6, computers are a problem for our health. Another reason computers are a problem is because they tire the eyes. When my school had disabled people come talk to us @ DATE1 there was a blind lady named @ PERSON5, who lost her sight because she was a workaholic and spent too much time on her computer laptop. But she's not the only one losing her sight from computers. Scientists at the @ CAPS7 lab at @ LOCATION2 said that @ NUM1 on @ NUM2 Normal computer users have lost their sight in two years. one such scientist, @ PERSON3, said : "@ CAPS8 more people are starting to use the computer, seriously injuring their eyes or even losing their sight. We estimate that @ PERCENT2 of this next generation will be legally blind before age @ NUM3. "@ CAPS9, this new technology is harmful and very damaging to our vision. A third reason people should not use the computer is that they stop interacting with real people. My uncle, @ PERSON4, lives at @ LOCATION3. We would see each other every now and then and talk on the phone about once a week. Until he found out discussion forums and virtual worlds on the internet. Now I haven't seen or spoken to him for almost a @ DATE1 because he created a new family on the computer and spends all day pretending he's a @ CAPS10 and an internet dragon fighting game @ CAPS10 @ CAPS11. But he is not the only person who has this problem. There is evidence that @ PERCENT3 of people who engage in games like these or discussion forums lose interest in their friends and their families and their social skills deteriorate. Professor @ PERSON2 had this to say about how it affects @ CAPS5. "Too many @ CAPS5 are checking out these sites and getting hooked. They stop caring about school, sports, even their friends. It's alarming !" @ CAPS12 Reason why you might have to use a computer after learning how bad it is for you and your @ CAPS5 ! Computers will bring nothing but heartache to humanity. They are extremely dangerous for our health. They make us stop exercising and gain weight, permanently damage our eyes, and rob us of the proper socialization that all people need to be happy and healthy. Is this @ CAPS12 what you want for yourself and the generations to come ? "
Computers are very popular these days. Many people use computers for research, work, shopping, homework, etc. However, some people believe that computers take too long and prevent society from interacting with friends and family. The great thing about computers is that you can chat online with your friends and family or even have a video chat with them. So you never really avoid your friends and family. Another thing that is great about computers is that you can search for anything you need, for projects, jobs, homework and school stuff etc. The main websites people use for resources are @ CAPS1.com @ LOCATION1. etc. Computers are also great for typing reports, creating powerpoints for jobs and projects, and more! Everything you can think of is most likely on a computer. As you can see, a computer is very useful and a great resource. having a computer at home is much better than going to the public library, save time and money doing all of that trips and get your own personal library or get a computer. you never know what new technology might bring.
Everyone will agree that using computers is also a good choice because you meet people you don't know. Also, you learn more things that you don't know. Not only that, but you can also learn more about the technology. Most people would say meeting people is good because you can have fun talking and getting to know people. Also, people would like to know more about other people's cultures. Some people would like to have personal information about people. Even people want to know where some people are from. People like to know
Dear @ CAPS1 from @ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS2 to @ PERSON2, "Computers have helped me advance research @ CAPS6. I can research so much to help a patient and keep all important @ CAPS6 information organized." @ CAPS3 are you asking a great doctor? I agree with @ PERSON3 and say computers are a good use in today's society. People were already getting lazy because of the television. You can't put him to sleep on computers. With websites like @ CAPS4 and @ CAPS5, people can stay in touch. They can make plans among themselves to go for a walk in the park or to dance. These things can keep people healthy, active, and in great shape. Computers help people stay in touch with others. "Patients @ CAPS6 can email me to make an appointment and leave me now if they think there is something wrong with them." say @ PERSON1. With computers, you can email family and friends far away to find out more quickly if there are problems. Most people tend not to answer the phone if someone calls during a crisis. You also don't have to worry about your phone bill increasing. you can just chat with @ CAPS4 with a bud instead of using hours and minutes. You can learn much more information faster. How do @ CAPS3 feel if no one has called you to tell you that your best friend has passed away or that your mother has passed away and you have to find out by reading the newspaper ? You would be extremely upset. I know I @ CAPS3 with email, you and your family can keep in touch with old, new and now friends. So if something bad happens and someone doesn't know how to tell you, they can email you. It's so much easier than telling someone their mother has passed by emailing them over the phone. Hearing the pain in a person's voice will make you want to cry. You feel their pain. So, do you now understand that computers are of great benefit to today's society? You can't blame computers for making people lazy, since TV already did. If a person wants to be lazy, then it is his decision. you shouldn't blame people and the like when it's no one else's fault. It's a great way to stay in touch with others. Plus, think about all the information you can learn. Not just for family and friends, but also for the world. Thanks for taking the time to read the @ CAPS6 essay and I hope you can see it the @ CAPS6 way.
One evening, @ CAPS1 I was coming home from school, I didn't know what my homework was. I decided to call my friends cell phone, but instead I got his voicemail. I left him a voicemail and called his landline instead, the same thing happened. Fortunately, I had my other friends' numbers that I could use. The next day, I asked her why she hadn't chosen her cell phone and her landline. She said "I'm sorry, I guess I was too busy on the computer sending emails to other people." @ CAPS1 I think people are on the computer too much, I think they don't exercise enough, enjoy nature, and spend less time with family and friends. First, the folks at @ CAPS1 are spending too much time on the computer, they are spending less time exercising. About @ PERCENT1 people are doing this and it's not healthy. @ CAPS2 people do it too often then they won't get enough exercise and without exercise then they won't be healthy @ CAPS1 they get older. @ CAPS3 @ PERSON1 said "@ CAPS2 adults spend too much time on the computer, maybe @ NUM1 hours a day or more eating junk food like chips and soda, they don't set a good example for their children. @ CAPS2 adults fall into this bad habit, their children too and it is too early for them to be in poor health. " I also agree with @ CAPS3 @ PERSON1, she is right that people spend too much time on the computer. Second, @ CAPS1 folks are on their computer, it's like their face is glued to the screen and they are laughing at nature, @ CAPS1 folks are doing that, I can't stand it. It's like they don't care about anything else. What I don't understand is why can't they go out and do something for at least half an hour and then go back to the computer and waste their time then? Going out and enjoying nature is peaceful on a beautiful sunny clay court. You can have a picnic, go for a hike, or even hang out with friends instead of playing on the computer. I understand @ CAPS2 is a bad day like @ CAPS2 it's snowing or thunderstorm and you can't do anything outside so you go to the computer. I think at least @ PERCENT2 people would try this. Third, @ CAPS2 people are too busy on the computer, so they will not be able to spend time with friends or family. @ CAPS2 your friends want to hang out with you and they want to go to the mall. But you can't because you're on the computer, she would be mad at you. You preferred the computer to your friends to go to the mall. There's probably a chance @ PERCENT1 will never speak to you again. and I don't blame her. People who spend too much time on the computer would hardly understand what is going on. @ CAPS2 someone tells you something, it goes in one ear and goes out the other. The folks at @ CAPS1 are doing this, it's really disappointing because you don't hang out as much as with your friends and family. As you can see, people spend too much time on the computer than exercising, enjoying nature, and spending time with family and friends. @ CAPS2 you ask me, I don't play so much on the computer which is a good thing.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 glad to see that you are having a debate whether computers are good or bad for human society. Well I would like to express my opinion if that's okay with you. In my letter, @ CAPS2 is going to tell about the bad things about the computer and why it is not good for the company. Well I don't think the computer is good for the company because you don't train as much as you used to. I can say this is a fact because I used to practice then a computer game came out and I spent @ NUM1 hours a day playing it. my life. Plus, I know a lot of people who feel the same way. The computer is like an addiction. I say this because once you press the power button you can't go down. All switch websites are hard to leave because it starts putting games on them so you don't log out as quickly. They have different websites that show videos of funny stuff. Like once you find it you click and one of the things then when you look at you on the same thing else. Don't get me wrong, you can see and talk to family members you can't see, but you don't have time to go to the park, have fun and enjoy nature like looking up . I don't think we should be recovering from computers, but we should be spending as little time as possible, as we know. I know people are going to be upset by what I say, but as a society we are addicted to computers. Every time you look there is a computer. I'm going to go on a no would you choose computers or life?
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, The use of advanced computers has increased. You don't see children outside that often. On the news, you hear about obesity. And you hear the crime rate go up. It does not benefit society. Computers have a negative effect on people. Does your neighborhood seem to be locking out children ? It is not because they are dead! They are now always inside on their computers. I know a thirteen year old boy named @ ORGANIZATION1. She even admits that being on a computer is better than being outside with friends. Meeting people on tech, especially minors, is a huge risk. You don't know the person. Soon you would have no more friends when it comes to being in social life. You would be the stranger. For @ PERSON3, her family doesn't even know who she is anymore. Do you want your child to be the stranger? Being on a computer all the time is like being in a fast food restaurant. You don't exercise, all you do is eat and not talk, but now all you do is eat and on the computer. I met an obese child. @ PERSON2. He weighs three hundred pounds at the age of fourteen. Eighth grade student, can you believe it ? He tells me he has his laptop in his lap surrounded by junk food. He never exercises and never takes a break. His newsletter is incredible. He was a @ CAPS3 student. Now he's in a landfill. @ PERSON2 doesn't listen to her mom at all. @ PERSON1, @ ORGANIZATION2, mom says "he locks himself in his room, goes straight to his laptop and starts eating. You can even hear him munch on junk food." And we wonder why our kids are getting obese these days. It used to be about jobs, but now it's about who you meet on a computer. Myspace, facebook, twitter, you name it, that's how crime rates are going up now. The people behind these @ MONTH1 photos and profiles are not who you think they are. Especially minors who lie about their age. They are the ones who fall in love with these perverted old men. It is a way out for our sex offenders. They can use someone's name and be an underover. They tell these young girls to meet them and this is how our young girls and boys are kidnapped, raped and end up killing. A computer contains millions of ways in which criminals can commit a crime. Do you want your child to be next? Computers these days are being used in the wrong way, by the wrong people. The children are never outside again. They become obese. And it's a way for them to get kidnapped. Don't allow that. Keep your kids away from their laptops now ! Go on a family vacation, to a fun place. And don't let these sick people hurt you or your children. Act now!
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 : The effects of computers on people are bad because they get too addicted, computers are a dangerous site and their brains are smarter than @ CAPS5, @ ORGANIZATION1, they get too addicting because computers @ MONTHS1 have the advantage of allowing you to serve the Internet, but you will become too addicted to it. For example, youtube is a website where about @ NUM1 people go on and barely go down. People don't turn off their computers just to exercise, but just sit there staring at @ CAPS5 and spoiling their eyesight. These people must learn to have the will to leave @ CAPS5. Second, @ CAPS5 is a dangerous site because some people at @ LOCATION1 give someone their @ CAPS3 on @ CAPS5 to someone they don't know. Almost @ PERCENT2 of teens are kidnapped for giving their @ CAPS3 to a stranger and @ PERCENT3 of those teens are not found. @ CAPS5 is also a place where a child or teen @ MONTH1 is cyberbullied. Cyberbullying harasses children or teens on the Internet. When children under or over @ NUM2 are cyberbullied, they sometimes suffer from depression and do not tell their parents. Six months ago in my old @ CAPS4, a volunteer at my @ CAPS4 was talking about cyberbullying and how he got so depressed from the harassment that he took his own life. The @ CAPS5 is not always a safe place. Finally, your brain is smarter than the @ CAPS5. People may have the ability to rely more on their brains than on their computers, because your brain is like computers. About @ PERCENT1 people use their brains more often than computers and they have been successful throughout their lives. The brain is like a @ CAPS5 because you can store information and no one can hack it. Therefore, computers have bad effects on people because they become addicted, @ CAPS5 is a dangerous site, and your brain is smarter than @ CAPS5.
Dear company, @ CAPS1 don't you all have some kind of computer at home? Job? How about we take your computer away? How would you work? These are all critical questions. The computers of our time help us in what we do every day. First of all, they teach hand-eye coordination. Second, they give us the ability to learn and communicate with distant places. Finally, they allow people to communicate quickly by email or @ CAPS2. If these experts took our computers, @ CAPS6 on what would happen. @ PERCENT1 of Americans have a computer or cell phone with internet. These people have hane-eye coordination, so they use technology a lot. People who use computers at work can perform several tasks. Second, the modern computer is a huge necessity. Third, people who are still in school have to write papers, make reports, but without a computer. How will they do it? @ CAPS6 on what the company would be. Capture it. Facebook, @ CAPS3, @ CAPS4. These are all websites that have chats where people can communicate. Take it away. See what's going on. We only have the phone if @ CAPS1 doesn't know somebody's phone number ? cannot go to a computer that is not there. Take all of this into consideration. Perhaps the computer is preventing us from communicating face to face, but it is a common necessity. We need to be able to ask someone a quick question. Cell phones and calls are not as fast as @ CAPS2. Do you really want to be the winner? @ CAPS6, @ CAPS6 on what to do. Take this letter into consideration. what are you doing? These computers help in everyday life. From school to work through fun. Computers help teach hand-eye coordination, give people the opportunity to learn more about people and distant places. third, they allow people to communicate, so go ahead and take it off, but see what happens when you do.
I think it's going to be spending way too much time in the computers because all of my friends are all day in @ CAPS2. I think they create a program where people go and forget about the computer for me, the computer is good, but you can't spend a lot of time in @ CAPS2 like trying to spend more time outside and with your family or friends. And the problem isn't just with computers, it's with a lot of tech like video games like xbos - @ NUM1 - @ NUM2 - game boy - xbox @ NUM3 and others you play them @ NUM4 a week like @ NUM5 hour because there a lot of activities you and your family can do outside. Know that @ DATE1 is coming or you can go do a lot of things like @ CAPS1 you have no money you can go to the park or the beach and spend the day inside what my family does when it is is okay outside that's it check if @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 good outside and @ CAPS1 is good will get up and go to the store and by hamberger soda plates and other stuff will be used they will go to a lake of swimming pool and spend the day playing and eating. My opinion is that people spend more time outdoors with Fred - and the family, I want people to know that there is an outside world and that they don't indulge in the tech world than my opinion. i don't know @ CAPS1 you like @ CAPS2 but i think you can try @ CAPS2 and @ CAPS1 you don't like @ CAPS2 get into one they will help you and a lot @ CAPS3 writing this because i want people to now make that there are many places that are yet to be discovered so go out and enjoy like because life comes only once so enjoy @ CAPS2 with good times and good times don't speed up @ CAPS2 crying and sad like @ CAPS2 like it's your last day in this world.
Dear, @ CAPS1 city. As you know, computers are a part of our lives, but is it good or bad? Computers can be a great thing, they can show you different parts of the world and breaking news, they can be useful on your next vacation. It might help you talk to your family and friends. What would lives be without them? Well, life without a computer can be bad. Computers have negative sides for enjoying spending a lot of money on one all the time. It needs to be corrected. People can use the computer a lot and they want to exercise. This can lead to fat. You can also burn a lot of energy. A bad part of the internet is chat rooms, if you talk to the wrong people you can be in trouble. Overall, computers are a key part of our business and they can help us plan our next break trip to @ DATE1 and they can help us make ourselves fat.
Many people think that computers are bad or that we spend less time outdoors because of them. But are they bad for individuals to use as people say. In this case, moderation would be helpful. When you think of computers, what comes to your mind. Games? Social networks @ CAPS1 ? What if computers do more than that? Last year a computer helped diagnose a concussion and helped figure out that I had @ NUM1 others. Not to mention that the computer was faster and more efficient than an ordinary human. One expert said " Computers can diagnose anything, not just concussions, @ PERCENT1 better than doctors ." @ CAPS2 social networking has a positive side. It allowed people who haven't seen each other for a long time to reconnect and become good friends again. With the positive aspects, there is always a negative. The computer has started to make children obese. It is a problem in the country because if we get lazy we could ruin our country. Also, if we become addicted to @ NUM2 computers, what happens when they go bad ? These are issues that are very real and are not with it. If we can't deal with these issues first, computers will turn out to be a bad thing. Finally, moderation could be extremely useful to us today. For example, instead of using the @ CAPS1 social network for friends next door, go out and play wiffle ball with them. Social @ CAPS1 was designed to reconnect with distant friends, not across the street. @ CAPS2, instead of relying totally on computers to diagnose problems, ask them and the doctor to find out. Doing this will achieve great results and keep doctors ready if the computers are not working. These are just examples of how moderation can be of great benefit to everyone. In conclusion, not having computers would not be a good idea because they help society. However, being totally dependent on them is a bad idea as they don't have much benefit for them.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 ... scroll ... @ CAPS1. "@ CAPS2 do you know that only the male coqui is the only coqui that sings?" Are some facts easy to find on the internet? Computers make searching easy, just imagine not having to bring home those gigantic books or constantly find information in them. First, the computer teaches hand-eye coordination. Second, we can learn about faraway places. Finally, we can make friends from all over the world. When, the ball comes straight out of the parts! the plastic object with a screen teaches us hand-eye coordination. It teaches us this by making our eyes stay on the screen, while our hand is on the hard and smooth keyboard. Children need hand-eye coordination for ball sports like baseball, basketball, soccer, and more. When you are in high school and playing sports well, you @ MONTH1 get scholarships to go to college. University is important because it plays a big role in our life so we @ MONTH1 are making great jobs. Knowing more about distant places like @ LOCATION1, @ LOCATION2 and so on is very interesting. Unless you learn it through dull, boring looks. The intern has taken over and it is without hard feelings and without hesitation. Internet takes less time than going to the library and coming back. In addition, it is very easy to navigate paragraph after paragraph on the computer.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS1 personal opinion of computer technology is that it is extremely bad for you, and we have to take precaution, and worry about virtual harassment of eye protection, and that there are dangerous people on the @ CAPS2. Eye protection is important. Although computers hurt them, the screen is too bright and it hurts your eyes. Also, if you search too long it could make them hierarchical. I can tell you from personal experience that glasses are not cool and some people are chosen for it and it could happen if your eyes get hurt so that you can see as well as before. It's glasses or even going blind. Another thing to be aware of is bullying. During @ CAPS2, you may be cyberbullied by kids you don't know @ MONTH1 or @ MONTH1. For example, one day you might be on @ CAPS3 and talking on a chat room and the kids might have sex, homophobic, or even just plain remakes. The witch leads me to sexual harassment. Sexual harassment so extremely can make people feel generally bad. Children pride themselves on calling others bad names for their gender, gender, or even whatever sex they like. So be very careful when you see sexual harassment. Sexual predators are parents' biggest fear for children. Sexual predators are ubiquitous, @ CAPS4, @ CAPS5, @ CAPS3, or even your neighbors and cunning kids are running around town looking and acting like they are in extremely dangerous ways. This is why you @ CAPS7 put personal information on @ CAPS2 not your address, not your date of birth, not your mobile or house numbers, not even your city. Sometimes, too, it is a little dangerous to put your last name. So be very careful on the intrenet. When you see sexual harassment or someone is being followed by a sexual predator, report it ! and be safe.
Dear Diary, I firmly believe that computers do not benefit society. I believe it is because when the computer spends less time exercising. Second, computers take the time to enjoy nature. Finally, interacting with family and friends is important when you're not doing much on the computer. Please read on to find out what I have to say about computers. Using a computer results in falls, but @ CAPS1 is lack of exercise on the computer. As you know @ MONTH1 that many countries become obese due to lack of exercise. Computers are no help with this problem. The only contribution of the exercise computer is the hand and the fingers, but even that is bad because if you type and you are on the computer for too long, you will get carpelletunlye in the fingers and hands. @ PERSON1, a health expert, said "@ CAPS1 out of three people use the computer for more than @ CAPS1 hour per day which could lead to obesity. This brings me to my next paragraph. When on l computer, there is no fun outdoors. Enjoying nature is important for every scegule man or woman. On a computer, it is impossible to enjoy nature because the whole computer is one. time consuming brainwashing. Nature helps save the brain. Without it you will be very exhausted all the time. Did you know that @ PERCENT1 children go out every day which means @ PERCENT2 children are at computer side. This brings me to my last topic. Computer @ MONTH1 has sites where you can talk to friends, but that is not as good as seeing them in person. Your family is important so you have to spend time with them My family always do things together like board games And so on. With computers, there would be no time with your family because everyone will be on the computer playing instead of spending time with your family. In my conclusion, the computer has an extraordinary detrimental effect on society as it depletes the time for exercise, also limits the time for enjoying nature and finally people spend too much time on computers and too little. time to interact with family and friends, thanks for reading my paragraph on the many effects of computers
Dear: @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3…. My name is @ PERSON1 and I am concerned that people all over the world are using too much computer during the day. Some computers are bad because there are problems in the computer and each has a myspace and myspaces has a vires and that leaves a vires in your computer and your computer shuts down or becomes slow. Also, people can hack your computer and you can't find out and anything on your computer can go around the world. People can know your secrets and more. Finally, you can get caught making movies on your computer and go to jail and your business will be shut down.
Dear @ CAPS1, computers have really had an impact on society. Some people think they have had a good impact while others think the opposite. I believe that they are a good thing in our lives and that they have had a drastic, but important impact. Some reasons that support my opinion are that computers are fundamentally what helps us stay in touch with people, they make it easier to find the information we need, and they make our school life faster and a lot easier. First of all, computers are pretty much the way people keep in touch. There are many ways to stay in touch through a computer. There are video chat, email and chat websites like @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3, @ CAPS4, etc. A lot of people really like that they can stay in touch this way. It is a step forward compared to the telephone. On the computer, if you are chatting on the web, you can not only talk to them, but you can see them! When it comes to chatting about websites like @ CAPS2, millions of people own and love this amazing website. Kids and adults alike really love having access to something like this. For me, since moving to @ STATE1 and had to give up on all my friends, computers have saved some of my relationships that I thought I was losing but didn't want. I can email my friends and even see what they look like and how much they've changed on @ CAPS2. Computers are a very useful technology that has helped me, and so many other people keep in touch. Another big reason that computers are a great piece of technology is that they make it easy to find the information you need. From the meaning of a word to directions to @ LOCATION1, the computer can help you with it all. I spoke to my mom and she said. "Computers make @ CAPS6 all the information I need about your brother's diabetes so easy." The @ CAPS6 information in the books can take so long. You need to go to the library or bookstore, find the book you need with the correct information, then you need to read the whole book to find the information you need. On a computer, you can just google what you need to find, and read the article or map, etc. Computers have made @ CAPS6 information a snap and everyone loves how easy it is ! The final reason for my opinion is that computers make our school life faster and much easier to manage. In school, there are times when we have to write a really long composition, and it will take forever to write. With a computer, typing the composition would probably take about half the time to write the composition. I conducted a survey of three children who typed a composition and three children who wrote it. I asked each of the children how long it took them. The children who wrote the diary said it took them about two hours. The children who typed the composition said it took them about an hour. Plus, when things are typed, they are usually easier to read, which makes it easier for teachers to grade and doesn't take as long. Computers make school easier for students and teachers. The view that computers are not of benefit to society just doesn't make sense. Yes, I know there can be downsides. But think about all the pros versus the cons. There are a lot more good things than bad things. Without computers, people would be incredibly stressed and have a hard time making their lives easier. Computers are an incredible benefit to society. Everyone should be okay with this because people keep in touch thanks to computers, computers make it very easy to find the information they need, and they make our school life easier and faster for students and teachers. Computers have had an extremely big impact and have changed our lifestyles for the better !
Dear local newspaper, I am worried because lately a lot of people are using computers a lot. What worries me is that they haven't been exercising a lot, enjoying nature, and spending a lot of time with their families. It is not a positive path for their life. In my opinion, exercising is a very, very, very important thing to do. This is because you need to maintain a healthy diet to stay healthy and you need to exercise. Some people I know don't exercise and are overweight or in poor health. People are "busy", as they say, using the computer to do all the work because they just don't like using the old way of going to your job and doing your job. Everything is different now and people have become lazier than ever. Would people be lazy if there were no computers? Of course they wouldn't. They would have a healthy and happy life. These days people don't go out a lot to explore the world, they just go online and search for a place on a google. They don't see the real thing though. they see pictures and everyone knows that seeing the real thing is much better than looking at a picture. But I guess everyone forgot that. Computers have it all online, no wonder people don't want to leave their homes and if they leave don't worry they have a laptop with them. also spent less time with family because they could talk to them online in chat. you are talking about your, i didnt know, something private and this person on the other computer, "your mother", will know it and may cause problems with you. You see what I mean ? Like if you were talking about your credit card and this person asked you for your credit card number and you gave it to him then they might cause problems. Online is not a safe place, which is why you should speak in person, not in a chat room. Well, I hope you put my letter in the journal so that people could exercise, see nature, and be with family, just like they were when they didn't have computers around.
Dear, People @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 use the internet. Too much @ CAPS2 which leads to withdrawal or exercise. Others play online games. Some people fear online discussion forums. They are not sure whether some people are really hurt or murdered. Exercise is important @ CAPS2 people leave this bobby behind. It is very dangerous because your cholesterol level will increase. You will gain in waiting and this may lower your self-esteem. Other people kill themselves because nobody wants it because of their appearance. It's sad for everyone and besides it's not worth it. Online video games are a lot of fun. But people would kill for these games. games are even less online. Online chat rooms are very dangerous, you never know who you are writing to. Millions of people have died for saying the wrong things. Others have been raped or assaulted by these strangers. Thousands of children give their address and have been robbed. There are weird, crazy, and suicidal people in the world. So don't make yourself a tragedy. Personally, I don't agree with everyone's computer use. So @ CAPS2 can happen if you do the wrong things. So I hope you understand and agree with my reasons.
My take on the effects of computers is that most people around the world spend most of their time sitting on the computer day in and day out. If someone I knew was spending all day on the computer, I would tell him or her that he or she should get out, get some fresh air and exercise. Sometimes the only way to get in touch with them is to talk to them on the computer. While the computer can be useful in researching important artifacts or important medical plan information, tutorials on how to repair, craft, or build things, and meet new people, but the computer can be a dangerous place too. meet someone who is lying about their age, that person might rape or kill you. If you spend around the clock on the computer, you could be crippled from lack of exercise or have pulmonary ophemia, which is when your body is crying and won't be able to to exercise and would need special treatments. Like masogise. Computers can also be useful because they can give you hand-eye coordination sometimes using some people's still gaze to use the computer : videos, videos, and websites. You can download your computer for quality. Some systems contain computers or can be connected to the computer like the, and the @ CAPS1 @ NUM1 @ CAPS2. There are games called PC games. Some PC games are intended for children to teach them to write, read, spell and pronounce words. There are also special computers and / or websites where you can search for tutorials for speaking different languages. There are also sites where you can search for tutorials for playing instruments. Some people use the computer to fill their voids inside of them instead of eating. Some people use the computer like crazy as if they were addicted to it. Imagine a person addicted to computers wherever they go, take their laptop with them. Lots of people have died using the computer, but that's because they used it. Every day people buy computers. This invention is very useful over time scientists create new things to save lives.
Dear @ LOCATION2, @ CAPS1 your workers wake up in the @ TIME1, they stretch their right muscles and put on their slippers. They wonder about hail and open their book @ CAPS2 to check today's weather. They go to @ ORGANIZATION1, @ NUM1, etc. to see their emails sent by their work friends and family. They check the time on the bootom of the laptop screen and linger to play some getting ready. Today's society is heavily dependent on computers and the network they use to keep us all connected. But did some @ MONTH1 say that this is because the amount spent on the computer is the most and it stops with friends, but it helps computers to type, helps with quick end and help friends and @ NUM2. from through @ NUM2 @ CAPS3, @ CAPS4, etc. I believe that computers have a positive effect on people and once a great addition to society. for starters, computers help to achieve @ CAPS6, children and even adults typing skill. Statistics show more computer jobs and people with higher WPMs capacity with nearly @ PERCENT1 new computer adoption and use of computers to store data. information in their business, computers are required, as is computer knowledge and being able to type. Moreover, @ CAPS6 these days depend on computers for research in order to do projects and information. at which point I had to hand over all my work and on for more information. @ CAPS1 several @ CAPS6 are assigned to the same project, the number does not millon @ CAPS6 to check look @ CAPS5 there was no computer to use, what should I do ? for @ CAPS6, computers and a good thing. In addition, @ CAPS6 and even adults enjoy social time, but @ CAPS1's friends are far from the family line or you cannot visit three, the computer connects using a convenient computer to keep friends and family connected via @ CAPS3, @ CAPS8, @ ORGANIZATION1 / or @ NUM1, IM / @ PERSON1 and webcam video chats. All those computer related things wouldn't be there for @ CAPS5 there was no computer. Wouldn't you like to be disconnected from family and being social is a key part of being so. In computers are wonderful things. They need to learn typing skills, help out and it's easy, and also help keep and stay in touch with family. Computers only affect people in a positive way and make everyday life easier. so believe that computers are a good thing and that without them even just talking to family could be compromised. Let's keep the computers
Dear @ CAPS1, people have said that computers are not good, but they are wrong. In my opinion, computers are very beneficial. Computers teach hand-eye coordination, give people the opportunity to learn about other people and faraway places, you can also use the internet to interact with your friends and family. Computers can be very useful and efficient for anyone. Did you know that computers can teach hand-eye coordination? Some computers have programs that teach you to type. Without having to lock the keypad. Even if people don't have the program, they can learn to type facts without having to look down. A lot of people I know have learned to use the computer or to type without anyone telling them the time to do it. Computers are very much needed all over the world. Computers give people the ability to learn more about other people and places. If you go on the Internet, you can search for a person or a place and the computer will find it for you. Both children and adults need computers because if, for example, a child receives a school project that needs to be done on a famous person or on smoking. she would probably need to go on the Internet. The game is for adults who enjoy jobs in offices, schools or anywhere else. Computers are essential for people all over the world. The computer can be used to communicate with each other. People use the computer to communicate with friends or family in far away places. They can communicate via email, @ CAPS2, video, and maybe even in other websites. Some websites offer the option of video or message talking to each other, such as @ CAPS3 or @ CAPS4. People love to use the computer because it is very useful when you need it most. If you ask someone, they will tell you that having a computer is very important and necessary. Why would people intend to take away something as important and useful as a computer ? Computers can be used to learn hand-eye coordination and help you move your fingers faster. They give people and places in the world. Finally, they can be used to communicate with each other by email, message and many other means. In my opinion, computers are one of the most important things for a person.
Dear Diary, Have you noticed that now more and more people are overweight? Well that's true. People say it's because we eat a lot of fast food, but I think since we're still on the computer and not exercising, it helps to contribute to it. Also, as technology improves, it prevents people from going out and enjoying beautiful nature. Sitting in front of the computer will not help our environment. Finally, children do not leave their homes to interact with their friends and family because technology allows us to communicate without leaving our homes. @ CAPS1 isn't saying we should downgrade our technology, but we need to find a way to limit it. For starters, technology has a role to play in increasing obesity rates. Some @ MONTH1 say that people have chosen not to exercise, but if we limit things they won't have to choose. As a child myself, I love being on the computer. My parents always try to have the computer and walk the dogs and I always say "@ CAPS1 busy" @ CAPS2 that's true, I don't really like going out because I have a computer to play games or talking to friends and to be honest exercising seems important to me but I don't because I'm still on the computer. I think other people might feel that way, that's why we have to limit the computer. Second, global warming is happening right now and people would rather be indoors on the computer rather than going outside and enjoying nature. @ CAPS2, you @ MONTH1 can research ways to stop global warming, but does that mean you're really going to do it ? Some @ MONTH1 not because they could just stay on the computer and keep "@ CAPS3 up" of ways to help other things is that when we use our computers we use electricity, that which adds to global warming, so we limit the use of computers so people could go and enjoy nature and not destroy it. Finally, websites like myspace, @ CAPS4, @ CAPS5, etc. allowed us to communicate with our friends and family but we still cannot go out and interact with them. When we go out and interact with our friends we gain as a teamwork of communication and respect, friends and family can teach you this with them, the computer they can't. Also interacting with your family and friends @ MONTH1 allows you to go to new places you have never been before and on the computer you cannot go. Interacting with friends and family is better than talking through the computer. In conclusion, if we stay on the computer, we will not be able to exercise, enjoy nature or interact with friends. We must therefore act now to limit the use of calculation !
Dear Diary @ CAPS1, I think people are spending way too much time on the computer these days. They exercise less. Do not take advantage of the nature around them and they cannot interact with their family and friends ! If people stop spending so much time on the computer, they won't have too many problems. People need to spend less time on computers and more time exercising ! Computers all over the world don't involve a lot of interaction with any part of your body other than your hands. You don't tend to want to get up or do something else when you're at your computer, do you ? Well, that has to change. Often times, people get cranky when using a computer or when they need to get off. Some people are so obsessed that they might even snap and have a fit! Nobody wants to see someone have a seizure because they have to leave the computer, do they ? If they aren't exercising all the time when you're away from a computer, it can certainly be seen. Jimmy @ CAPS2 says: "@ CAPS3 @ NUM1 the kids are too much on their computers! They never leave their rooms, and if they ever do, then they are normally very cranky. They get fat! I can tell because that all they eat is junk food. That must "@ CAPS4 can't even spend a little time with her kids. They should go on a family trip and enjoy together! This brings us to the next issue. We all need to get more from nature. Why would you want to spend your time on a computer looking at pictures of nature when you have them right there in your? This is because children are too lazy to get out of their lazy and go out. The best thing about nature is that if you need to be alone or even if you just need to go out, nature is always there for you whenever you need it. You can always go out with your friends and family too !. I'm sure they would appreciate it if people got out of their computers to have a good time together. Once again, our next and final issue. Computer-obsessed teens and adults need to be with family and friends. When talking to your friends, why bother talking to them on the computer when you can just get together and go and do something fun ? Also, when you spend time with your family, it brings them much closer to the toy. No one likes not to talk to the people you love and the people who raised you. When you're on a computer, I think of all the places you could, where you could be. No one wants to be away from their friends and family. Therefore, people should turn off their computers, exercise, be in nature, and spend quality time with friends and family. Thank you
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 you know @ MONTH1, @ CAPS2 people are starting to buy and own computers. Some experts say this is a bad thing and that we should be spending more time outdoors. I do not agree with this statement. First, computers help us in everyday life. We check the news on computers, some people even use their computers @ CAPS1 a @ CAPS3 and watch important shows. Second, a computer is a great way to communicate. @ CAPS10 friends, family or even business, a computer is a great way to communicate. finally, a computer is an aid when it comes to going to school or to work. You can write an article about the computer, for example, read on to see how I support my reasons why computers are useful in people's lives. Have you ever seen something in the news that you wanted to know more about ? Well @ CAPS10 you had a computer you could go online to the news website and find out more. This is just one way a computer is useful in everyday life, there are many more. Another way is @ CAPS10 you don't have @ CAPS3 you can watch your favorite show on the computer. My English teacher @ PERSON1 says "I have never owned @ CAPS3, I only watch @ CAPS3 on my computer and like it better" Actually @ PERCENT1 people who watch videos on the computer l like better than @ CAPS3. This is how computers are useful in everyday life. I like the way computers have @ CAPS2 communication. I love it because I have parents @ CAPS2 who live far away and I use my computer to communicate with them every now and then. Skype is my favorite, I can see who @ CAPS8 is talking to at the same time. Computers can also be useful for business for large companies that need to communicate outside the country. I'm sure being an amazing newspaper business you could use any easy way to communicate. finally, communication with friends. These are @ CAPS2 programs for that, @ CAPS9 @ CAPS1 facebook and myspace. This is why a computer is a good means of communication. finally, computers can be useful for schools and work. You can type an article or a newspaper article on the computer. It is much faster than writing. Also @ CAPS10 you need more info about something you can search it online. like @ CAPS10 you are writing an article about dolphins, you might learn more about them. In conclusion, I think computers are good things. They help in everyday life, They are good at communication. And finally, they help at school or at work.
Would you not agree that computers are necessary in our life. I would, we need a computer for a lot of things, for example we need a computer for communications, we also need it for educating ourselves and educating others. Then it's good for buyers and sellers. My first reason why I recognize computers as benefiting society is because of communications. Nowadays, with all of our new technologies, many people are using computers to communicate with their friends or family. For example, if you had a loved one in the military, you could use the computer to communicate with them on a webcam. The computer can be a good way to talk and ask friends for homework that you missed in MONTH1 as if you were away. You can also use computers to communicate with someone who is selling something you are @ MONTH1 or, you can get more details about that product by talking to the owner via email. My second reason would be education. Nowadays, many university students working in MONTH1 do not have time to go to school, so they can take online courses with the help of a computer. For some students instead of studying in class all day they could learn from computers and it could be more for the students so maybe they would understand the subjects better. like science, for example, when you do a lab you can do research and do it on a computer. With computers, students could learn more because they would have textbooks or maybe nothing and if they were interested in a subject, they could research it and get educated. My third reason would be to buy and sell products. All over the world, many people use the Internet to buy or sell products. Like ebay, it is a website where many people sell items for money and other people can buy them. So, computers could be a good solution for making money and saving gasoline, as people can order products online and have them shipped to their homes instead of driving @ CAPS1 from what I tell you. said, like communications, education and the buying and selling of products. hope you agree with me that computers benefit society
Dear local newspaper editor, @ CAPS1, you love having the internet close at hand. Recently it has come to my attention that some experts are concerned that people are spending too much time on their computers. I firmly believe this is correct. My three arguments are that it's not healthy, the friends you meet there are siber friends and bad @ CAPS5 @ MONTH1 is happening. First of all, being too much on the computer is not healthy. It reminds me of my friend named @ CAPS2. @ CAPS2 was humorous, outgoing, and played a lot of sports. One day @ CAPS3, his mother bought him a laptop. This laptop was blue and white, his two favorite colors. She was on it all day and all night. She took it wherever she went. Well, it got to the point where she quit the sport, put on some weight, and sadness crept into her. She was in depression mode. She went to the doctors and they told her that she had to give up the computer and play with it only two days a week for only five hours. She listened to the doctor and it took her about three months to regain the @ CAPS2 fun that she was. Being too much on the computer can harm you and the people around you. Second, the friends you meet on the Internet are called cyber friends. You don't know who they really are, where they really live, or how old they really are. They can tell you whatever they want because they know it's a little fantasy world. It is not mentally healthy. It is very important that human beings are socially active. Being too much on the computer can also harm your brain. Third, @ CAPS5 @ MONTH1 appears. If you're the type of person who's on the computer every time you have the chance to become like Becky, that's not good for you or the device. Being on the computer can damage even the computer. Well, you've read my arguments and my ideas. Please take them into consideration.
Computers, computers, computers! It's the first thing a teenager does when he comes home from school. Teens can't wait to chat with their friends on Facebook and instant messaging. There are a lot of good and bad things about computers. In these paragraphs below, I will give you my opinion, tell you how people can better manage their time and the effects it can have. My @ CAPS1 experience with computers is that they have a lot of @ CAPS3 information, but sometimes it can be too much. Today, many children and adolescents are victims of bullying. People can send somebody horrible messages. Rather, they do it on the computer because they don't have to tell their faces. One thing I don't live with about computers is that people can be harassed. Other than that, I think the computer is a great resource for learning more about things and also for connecting with people from your past. Few @ CAPS2 want their child to come straight home from school and go straight to the computer @ CAPS2 has to be strict with their child when it comes to computers. They have to manage their time @ CAPS3, they can also do their homework, after school activities, etc. That's why if you manage your time, that wouldn't be a problem. You want your child to have a balance in his life, @ CAPS3 manages the time when he is not all day. There are good things about the computer and there are bad things too. The computer is a great way to find people you learn in school and to find people from your past, for example, Facebook is a great way to keep in touch with your old friends. Google is also a great tool because you can type anything and it will give you a hundred websites to choose from a negative effect on this is that people are likely to say things to other people that they would not dare to beg he faces. It also prevents you from doing other things because you get @ CAPS3 consumed on the computer, you forget your top priorities. In these paragraphs I have given you my take on computers and how there are positive and negative things about them. I also explained how it can take your time with your top priorities in life and how to manage your time wisely. The computer is a great tool, but don't take too much advantage of it because it's not a priority.
Dear Diary, I think computers have a good effect on people's lives. There are a lot of things you can do on the Internet that are too expensive to do without. You can study different foods and cultures around the world. If you play games online, you can improve your hand-eye coordination. There are also things you can buy to video chat with your family or friends. The computer is very practical and useful. If you are interested in a place in the world, you can type in the name of the place and get information on cultures, foods, and more. Instead of buying a plane ticket to see @ LOCATION1, you can go online to learn the language @ CAPS1. You can also study the foods people eat and the clothes they wear. You can also learn sports and games. If you play games on the computer, you can achieve better hand-eye coordination. Most of the games you can download are free. There are puzzle games that challenge you, fun actions that require quick button presses, and adventures that let you explore new lands. And in a lot of these games, you can talk to people and make friends. There are other ways of talking instead of playing. There's email, chat rooms, Facebook, Twitter, and video chat. With any of these things you can talk to your friends or family around the world or in your state / country. You can download all of these, go on the Internet, or buy them. You can talk to old friends or you can talk to your family that you haven't seen in a while. Video chat you can see yourself, face book you can share photos and chat rooms where you can talk with multiple people. In conclusion, computers are very practical for our society today. Whether it's studying the world, having fun, or talking to people you know, the computer has a lot of wonderful things for people.
What is technology? Technology is defined as anything that helps improve our way of life. Technology is all around us. Our beds, homes, televisions, and even our chairs are all forms of technology. There is, however, one form of technology that, in my opinion, has revolutionized modern life as we know it. This form of technology is called the computer. My view of the effect of the computer on our society is quite positive. Just think of all the things we rely on this device for. There is one thing, however, that really occurs to me; @ CAPS1. The computer is perhaps the greatest form of @ CAPS1 the world has ever seen. Email is basically sending a letter to a friend without having to post it where it could be lost or stolen. The e-mailing is done in two simple steps: @ CAPS2 and @ CAPS3. Not only does this reduce the risk of the letter not arriving, it is also much faster. You hit the ' sen ' button and before you know it there's a new letter in your friends' inbox. Another computerized @ CAPS1 method is my favorite, instant messaging. Instant messaging allows you to have a conversation with someone who might be miles away. And it's okay if you decide to go grab a soda while you're instantly chatting, because unlike real conversation, it's not rude. These are just two methods of @ CAPS1 that the computer allows us to have. There are a variety of others that just like these two improve our way of life. I believe the main reason the computer has made our lives so much better is because of one giant thing: the Internet. The internet makes everything we do on the computer possible. If I want to go to the computer and do some research on a topic, the Internet takes me where I want to go. With millions of different websites, the Internet offers endless possibilities. If I am interested in arcade games, I can go on the internet and play it. If I have to write a scientific report, I can go on the Internet and collect research. If I want to listen to music, I can go to the computer, search for a song, and listen to it. And guess what? If I'm looking for a funny video just for a laugh, then the internet can find me one! The internet is perhaps one of the greatest things ever invented. It's just another reason to love the computer.
The computer is capable of doing so many things. He believes that computers have positive effects on people. But some experts think not, which is why I am writing this article so that I can explain the positions of both sides. Did you know that most people who live in homes are as likely to have a computer as they are to have a phone? Computers believe they help us in life, whether it's @ CAPS1 keeping information, talking online, finding a good recipe, or anything @ CAPS1 out there. This is why computers are so positive. If we didn't have computers, there wouldn't be any technological advancement that we have @ DATE1, @ CAPS1 one of the most important devices. Let me share my experience okay. I had a job interview, I couldn't find this street so I went to my computer and he gave me directions that I took for my interview. That's why I think computers have positive effects. Now the opposite side is saying that people are spending too much time on their computers and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with friends and family. Well, some people spend too much time on their computer @ CAPS1 completely choosing. And these are people who usually don't have a lot of self-control. And exercise who said everyone needs exercise in already skinny people who need exercise. For interaction with your friends and family, you can do this, I mean how long can a person stare at a computer screen. So in conclusion, you can see that computers are good, but with self-control, they can be used without negative side effects. So next time on the computer, enjoy it, but remember that your friends, family and health are more important.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, as a computer user I think computers are useful in many ways. They help get new @ CAPS3. They help machines run. They help people learn new things. Computers help find and obtain new @ CAPS3. They offer the public another way to find a new job or another. My brother; eg @ CAPS4 went to college there @ CAPS4 learned how to be micanic. @ CAPS4 was having trouble finding a job, (looking for me on the street) so someone told him to go to @ CAPS1.com and go to "@ CAPS2 @ CAPS3" @ CAPS4 did and there on the computer @ CAPS4 found a good job and still working on it. The computer or a great way to find a job. Computers help machines run. All the machines that we had to use and that we had to operate by hand are now managed by computers. It's good in one way and bad in another way. They help make more products in less time. Today more cars are made in less time if you've seen cars sometimes, you've seen the assembly line with mechanical robot hands putting them together and using computers. A major problem with this is that a lot of people lose their @ CAPS3. The people of computer science teachers
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3, The effects of computers on people can harm our society or help society. As a growing college student, I think the use of computers can be equally beneficial, but it also hurts our society. First of all, the internet is full of inappropriate content. Illegal uses are involved and can attract anyone with the click of a mouse. Anyone in the world can use the technology we have today to "hack" or intrude on someone else's computer. Anyone can download songs or documents illegally for free, rather than paying for them themselves. In fact, not only can someone download inappropriate content directly to their screen, but they can also be inflicted with graphic words or viewed a website with videos about drug use. criminal acts, vulgar language and more. A recent study of @ ORGANIZATION1's Internet use for Internet use indicates that "@ CAPS4 @ CAPS5" has a history of adolescent suicide or depression. @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5 is a form of @ CAPS5 where someone can chat or instant message someone and hurt their feelings. Not only is @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5 a problem, people can now talk to strangers on the internet. Think how horrible it would be if your child disclosed their private information online and a man who said he was the same age as your child received it and lied about his age, gender, looks and age . Now this man can find your child and possibly kidnap or injure him. Second, the internet can also be very unhealthy and can make you less social. According to @ CAPS7 @ CAPS8 at @ ORGANIZATION2, @ PERCENT1 children or adolescents who use the Internet can create a weak relationship with friends and family members if they use the computer too much. It can be very unhealthy for someone, and not just teenagers, to use the computer for longer than it should. People can suffer the effects of laziness, little brain strain, and lose interaction with the outside world. Finally, my main reason for how negative computers can be is how addicting it can be. In my own experience, I used to stay awake late for hours using websites like @ CAPS9 because everyone else was using it. Sure, it can be entertaining and fun, but using the internet won't be so much “ fun ” when your grades are in danger and you stop communicating with the outside world. Adiction can attract anyone against their will. My own brother got so addicted to computer games that he played a game in a row for @ NUM1 hours straight. You can get addicted to one topic until you lose everything else. The internet can be great in moderation, but it can be inappropriate, unhealthy, and addicting. If technology becomes too powerful in our civilization, how can we learn to interact with our humanity. More and more people are getting involved in tech and frankly it can be pretty awful in my opinion.
Dear local newspaper, I support technological advancements and believe that computers have a positive effect on people. I think for simple reasons @ NUM1, @ CAPS1 you are learning computer skills which may help in other situations. Second: Computers give people the chance to learn more about people and places far away. Finally, when you have a computer, you can chat and talk to other people. When I think of a computer, I think of typing or the keyboard. After a few uses of a computer you get @ CAPS2 and better. You gain typing, hand-eye coordination, and mouse skills. After a few uses, your computer skills improve and you quickly become good at it. However, when you get @ CAPS2 you improve faster and more so everything is going great. When you are on the computer, the Internet allows you to search for anything and everything. Whether it's a different culture or even a school job, a computer comes in handy. When I'm doing my homework and don't know how to answer another question, I go online. The computer allows me to get help with all the homework I need help with, it's great. I can even research something about a different culture and compare it to ours. The computer allows me to do whatever I need. Have you ever felt lonely, but there is no one to talk to? Well, this problem can be solved very simply, get on a computer. You can chat with people even if there is no one around. You can chat with someone halfway around the world. It's amazing that you can be anywhere, talk to whoever you want. A computer chats with you to reconnect with old friends and make new ones. Computers are great. When you are on a computer, there is so much to do, so much that you can learn from. They are useful and fun, you will never run out of options with a computer by your side. In my opinion, there is so much to be gained and learned from a computer.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3, walking into a room seeing people interacting with their computer screens, I gain new and exciting information that they can get every day. The question is, what effects do computers have on people? I certainly think computers have a positive effect on people. They teach hand-eye coordination, give people the chance to learn about faraway places and peacocks, and even allow people to chat online with others. Computers can certainly have a positive effect on severity. Computers have been of great use to every user; Hand-eye coordination! Whether it's clicking a link to a site you found on @ ORGANIZATION2, or playing the same way as bejeweled, you learn hand-eye coordination. According to recent studies, over @ PERCENT1 of those surveyed said they had excellent hand-eye coordination and @ PERCENT2 said it was on the computer. Of course, we all need to exercise outdoors, but the computer can be useful as long as we don't let it overwhelm us. Smart people would agree that coordination is a very useful skill. These brilliant inventions also help us discover different places and people. Imagine this scenario if you will; A student from @ ORGANIZATION1 must do a project on @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5 in @ LOCATION1. He goes to the library to consult the encyclopedias but ... they are out of date. He then goes to the computer lab and finds him on @ ORGANIZATION2 like that! This scenario shows that the computer is one of the fastest ways to get information on any topic or topic. Sure, textual sources can give the same precise information, but the computer is quick and easy. When you need information on the line. But why stop there? Not only can you get information about certain people and places on these machines, but you can also find out about the latest fads, what's going on right now in @ LOCATION2, and the latest @ CAPS6 gossip. The computer is certainly an easy source of information on different fields and people. This amazing device can also let you talk to people online ! There are many ways to do this. You can use the @ CAPS7-mail the old fashioned way, you can use a device in the @ CAPS8 called someone. Of course you need an @ CAPS9 to thank one. I remember a time when I was bored so I decided to do my homework. The problem was, I forgot what it was! I quickly picked up the phone and called my classmate but he didn't answer. I then ran to my computer to see if it was online. Of course he was! I got the job from home and got an A for the ability of computers to interact with others.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, I think computers have a good effect on people and not a bad effect. I think this for three reasons. My first reason is that they relieve stress. Without a computer, in my opinion, things would be much more stressful. With a computer, you can easily search for things without wasting time or stressing about having to search for something. My second reason for thinking that computers have a good effect on people is technology. Without the technology, things would be so much more difficult. Without computers, it would be more difficult to properly type homework, print pictures, and obtain information. If we didn't have the technology like in computers, I think a lot of things could go wrong. My third reason I think computers have a good impact on people is that without them factories would go down. I say this because if you think about it, a factory could be run by some type of computer. Without this computer telling machines what to do, almost everything would not work! without the computer everything would take so long that no one would want to do the job. These are my three reasons why I think computers have a good effect on people.
Dear Who This Is @ CAPS1, Have you ever wondered what it feels like to spend all your time in front of computers? Well, if you are, I think it shouldn't be in front of this computer all day. As my mom says, just an hour a day is good. One of the reasons this is important is that you have to enjoy what life has to offer. You can do things like play ball with the dogs, walk the dog and / or play above a friends house. Yes, playing on the computer is fun, but it takes some exercise. (you know) @ CAPS2 The reason is you may find yourself somewhere you don't even have to go. You can also make a lot of new friends while going out. Like that is how I met trees, animals, a beautiful senery. You might feel like you have time or your. The last and final reason is that you can get a lot of stuff that you could use. you can make snowmen in winter or if it rains you can watch movie. you could build a lot. In conclusion, build, play and jump (the list could be long) You can enjoy the outdoors. Just remember the three great reasons why you might be using the wonderful and charming outdoors. Go for a walk your dog, have some friends or even just hang out with your family and friends.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3, Computers : well, computers are a big thing these days, you can search for information, learn new things, and keep busy. He brings a whole package. Learning and getting information like facts, past, @ CAPS1 it helps us to understand what we are living in and how things have been a computer is like a trip to the library, all information is pretty much almost the same. You can watch uo things for one project or too. And best of all, I can flash all of you in folders if the computer is. etc. some people can't live without these things either, but sometimes these items on computer like any music player, you have to download various apps etc. see that they are making an impact on someone. Information search, now learn it's entertainment, are they or laptop they bring
Everyone likes to stay on the computer. I would be surprised if we didn't. I believe the whole problem is that the machine itself is distracting you from other things in your life that are also enjoyable. People are learning too much. It changes people's entire lives. The computer is like a disease or a virus that controls you and it is perfectly possible to free yourself from it. I understand that some people @ MONTH1 disagree with me, however I suggest that my side be the better. It's horrible. How can he? It distracts people from their lives. I make them blind to enjoy nature. Spending too much time on the computer is a horrible disease. The hard part is stepping into your freedom, knowing that it is controlling you. In this way, your door to freedom will be opened. Tecknology saves you having fun, doing your homework at school, and having fun with friends. I know you can break free from it because I went through the same thing once. Technology is really a beautiful thing. I have so much information in it that you won't even think of a person. I still know more than that. However, it is also very foul. I once came across a very horrible seen on the computer. I my I can close it. Michines has a mind that it's ours and whatever. Changing a person's life is not easy. You become completely new. Sometimes these changes are good, sometimes they are bad. But a machine can change you in ten minutes. Once you see what you like or want, you can change. If you see something and you want it so badly. I can't get it if then you'll be forced to get it by stealing. It is a very horrible thing to learn. All you have to do is learn to control yourself. Machines are a very bad influence on people. There is a book if you need any information. Computers make you lazy, you don't have to read or anything, they do it for you. It takes over your life. You become . It teaches you a bad thing, it changes your life. Which path would you take
Would you not agree that computers have a great effect on people? The three reasons they have a good effect on people are because it gives you good typing skills, it's educational, and it helps you with a lot of things. The number one reason that computers have a good effect on people is that computers help your typing skills. If you have a computer, you will soon learn that your typing skills are getting pretty good. Every time you use the computer, your hands adjust to the keys on the computer. Say if there is anyone who wants to work with computers when they get older, if they practice typing on their computer at home, they will be eligible for work with computers. Computers can also be useful for the hearing impaired. If hearing prevents computer use, they can get an @ CAPS1 or @ CAPS2 and chat with people online. This would help them because since they couldn't hear what people are saying, they can read what people are saying on the internet. Another reason that computers have a good effect on people is that they are very educational. In my opinion, computers are very educational because there are many websites that teach you facts about different places. For example, what food do people eat in different countries, or where is that country. One website that is the best for finding out specific facts is www.Ask.com. Ask.com is the best website because it tells you everything you want to know in seconds. Computers are also educational when it comes to school projects because of these amazing websites. The last reason computers have an effect on people is that they help you with a lot of things. They help you with a lot of things because if you want to know how far @ LOCATION2 is from @ LOCATION1 then you can go to your PC and find out, or say you lost the directions to your friends house and you you head to their house if you brought your laptop you can go to the labtap and find their house from your laptop. I know you probably think there is GPS, well if you think about it GPS can be confusing but your computer is reading it to you. Be aware that you're probably thinking to yourself why don't write / call @ CAPS3 / @ CAPS4 if you think about it and your friend doesn't speak clearly. In conclusion, wouldn't you agree that computers have good effects on people. My three arguments are, they help your educational typing. They help you with things. please take my ideas into consideration.
My experience with computers is good because I can play games or do my homework. I can install my own music on my computer and do my homework at the same time. I can also go on the internet with computers. On the computer, I can also do things faster and easier. I can also do more things faster by connecting to the internet and going there because I can search and copy and copy stuff on the internet. I now have a laptop and it's almost a laptop. On my laptop and it's almost a laptop. On my laptop, I can create data tables and charts, write articles, and use a dial-up connection. Dial-up connection is what I can use to get free internet connection by putting a preson phone number where the phone number goes, the labtop will call the motem if the phone line is connected to the motem. On my desktop computer I also have a location to put a floppy disk and a location for a @ CAPS1- @ CAPS2. I also have a calculator on my computer. some desktops also have a mouse that looks like a small cushion like mine dose. As you can see, computers and laptops are really good to own.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1 @ MONTH1 say that people spend too much time messing around on the computer and not on their homework, or getting outdoors. I say these people are @ CAPS1 ! Computers are a giant leap in new technology. For example, you can use the computer to do research for school, communicate with friends online, and give children free time where they can learn about distant places and people. What if you were doing some research work for school and you have looked at all the books on the subject of your work, but suddenly realize that you have forgotten one of the most important books ! You return to the library to find it closed. Computers are then useful. You can search Google for the book and find a copy of the book online, so you can write a note on that paper. Also, you might be having trouble with your math homework and you are home alone, so what do you do ? This is what computers are for! So you can easily access your teachers' website and there will be an explanation on how to do that specific lesson. Children @ CAPS2 to share with their friends to some extent. As a matter of homework or just to talk for fun. Without friends, the children would be known here. Statistics show that @ PERCENT1 of all kids allowed to talk with friends, out of school, avoid drugs, and promote stronger education and grades. The Internet was not created just for fun. It was invented for people to communicate, for children to do research, and also for fun and exploration. For example, it is now possible to learn about distant places, people and cultures, explore animals and even shop online. These are necessities to which everyone has access. Without computers, @ CAPS3 would not know the important news when @ CAPS3 needed it or the information needed for a specific time. Computers are the future (yes, I am repertative) @ CAPS3 @ CAPS2 to have computers in our lives for communication, shopping, learning, teaching, research on places, animals, people and culture. Also for email purposes and to convey important information to all who apply. This is why @ CAPS3 @ CAPS2 to continue to advance with the computers and technology of the future. Thus, all @ LOCATION1 employees keep your computers, they are an important springboard necessary for growth and transition to the future of technology. Plus, who wouldn't want a good computer game every now and then.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, do you think people should stop using the computer ? Well, yes because they don't exercise. People's bodies start to get lazy and don't want to get up. They don't spend time with the family instead, they would love to spend their free time on @ CAPS3. It's my people who need to stop being lazy and get some fresh air. @ CAPS2, you people who spend time on the computer interact with their families? Well, no, because they think they will be entertained by technology rather than their family. The reason I don't like counting so much is because you hang on so fast you can't stop. When you interact with the family, you get to know them better and it comes without a price. That is why it should stop because it hurts the minds of people. Another reason I'd like you to hear is to spend less time exercising. When people are not exercising, you @ CAPS2 will do anything for their body. They start to overeat and later become very lazy. When you exercise you have tons of energy for @ CAPS2 whatever it is. Like bungee jumping. When you exercise you look healthy and people will notice it. That is why exercise is the best for your health and always in shape. Also, my third reason I would like you to read is to enjoy nature. Enjoying nature, you can have a good time and relax. You can swim on the beach, feel the amazing breeze and have a great time. When you are on the computer, you tend to sit outside and this out of habit. It will hurt the environment because people don't want to get up to enjoy nature. That is why it should not be tolerated because people are lazy. In conclusion, the reason why people should not spend their life on a computer is because they think they will be entertained by technology instead of interacting will be with their families. People will start to overeat and therefore become lazy. People will never leave the house and are instead on their computers. That is why he should stop hurting the environment people become lazy.
I agree that we have computers because more and more people are using computers. A long time ago we didn't even have computers, but now we have. Now that we have computers, we should be using them. If we don't use computers, why do we even have computers? Computers can help you discover distant places like @ LOCATION2, @ LOCATION1, @ PERSON1 and other distant places. If we don't know what's going on in distant places, we don't know what kind of flag they have and what do they eat, what do they have, what they do and what are they talking about- they. You can even chat online with your friends on computer! You don't need to call your friend, you can just talk to your friend online, if you need help with your homework, if you left your math textbook at school, your friend can ask questions by speaking online. If your friend is at @ LOCATION2 are other remote places where your friend can bring a computer with them so your friend can just talk to you by chatting online, you don't need to call your friend at @ LOCATION2 or in other places. You can also learn to type, when you know how to type, you can type faster and faster. You can type stories, poems and notes is something you have to do in school, so you don't have to write on a peaper beat that you can just type on the computer. That is why we should have and use more computers. Hope you agree with me.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, the question is, too much computer time causes people to interact less with their environment ? In my opinion, no computer makes people lazy and less interactive with others around them. First, I think computers can sometimes make you smarter. I mean you can read about history, world news and you can search for many different topics. I remember when I was younger I would like to know more about @ CAPS1. I used to research all the time and made a poster project for fun. Thanks to the computer, I obtained precise information. A survey conducted by school social studies teacher @ CAPS2 shows that their students @ PERCENT1 used computers to find facts for school projects. @ PERCENT2 on this @ PERCENT1 end up getting better grades. The famous psychologist @ PERSON2 says that "children and students learn more when they are on the computer to research or @ CAPS7 for new things". I know you @ MONTH1 think too much of the internet is unhealthy for people, but especially for students. But at @ ORGANIZATION1, it's a good source of @ CAPS7 for them. Therefore, the computer helps teach everyone many facts and stays about what is going on in the world. Second, people can interact with their family and friends online. I mean there is @ CAPS3 where people can socialize with their families who live out of state. I remember when I was in @ NUM1 class I made a new friend and she moved to @ LOCATION1 at @ DATE1 after @ NUM2 class. I keep in touch with her on @ CAPS3. A student council survey that @ PERCENT3 of students had someone they know and like to leave the state @ PERCENT4 on taht @ PERCENT3 keep in touch via email or @ CAPS3. Famous Scientist @ ORGANIZATION2 Says: "People who stay in touch with family and friends tend to stay happy and not get depressed." I know @ MONTH1 you think people don't need to keep in touch with their family all the time, but it makes them happier. Therefore, people need computers to keep in touch with their families. Third, you can learn new exercises, movements, or tricks. I mean you can do new exercises, train for a dance competition, or learn new magic tricks for your magic show. I remember when I wanted to learn how to spin a ball between my fingers I went to find a video of someone teaching step by step how to do it. it's easier now. A survey conducted by @ CAPS5 muscles @ CAPS6 shows that @ PERCENT5 of their @ CAPS6 members are getting stronger and fitter thanks to the new @ CAPS7 exercises. Celebrity Athlete @ PERSON1 Says "@ CAPS7 New Exercises Online Help Me Stay Fit For My Games". I know @ MONTH1 you think they can just go to someone to teach them BUT no one wants to pay money for something you can get for free online. Therefore, the new exercises, moves or tips from @ CAPS7 online can help them a lot. To conclude, does too much computer time cause people to interact less with their environment? No, it helps them to learn, to socialize with their family and friends and they can get in shape with the new exercise which they are learning thanks to the videos.
People think using computers is a good thing I think so because there are a lot of other people in this country who speak different languages and computers can teach them instead of one person who only speaks our language. For some people it is their life, even a lot of people use computers for their work. Children also don't use the internet for things like Facebook, Myspace, Gmail, and many other web pages. I also use the internet, but not as much, but I used to go to games pages like @ NUM1.com or even / cup / coffee but I don't go so much anymore because I have xbox live and that's one thing the internet comes in too and you can talk to your friends about it. Some of my friends just work on the computer and don't exercise at all, but a lot of my friends do but do a lot of sports so they don't get fat all the time. So people in the world basically have a computer, but not everyone at @ LOCATION2 from @ LOCATION1, I think our country should give these poor countries a big paycheck and so they can get computers and so s 'They come here, they can speak our language, or we ship the computers to their country and so they don't buy shitty computers. Also when you are on a computer you can buy a webcam or it is already placed in your computer and you can talk to your friends or even show them what you have done or something like that. So I think computers are the best thing we've ever invented or ever done.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 is called @ PERSON1 and I want to discuss the computer use issue in @ LOCATION1, @ CAPS3, I am going to tell you about the benefits of owning a computer. Then I will talk about the entire computer network. Finally, I will talk about technological advances due to the computer. I think the use of computers in our city is very good for society. There are the main advantages of using a computer. @ CAPS3 is the fact that you can use Microsoft to write an article. Grade 6 student @ PERSON6 says, "I'd rather type than write an article. Another reason for using a computer is research." @ CAPS4, lots of articles and facts are online on whatever you need, "says @ PERSON4. The final benefit of a computer is the fact that you can know the news of the world in a flash." would never have experienced the earthquake at @ LOCATION3 without seeing the article on the @ CAPS2 homepage, ”@ PERSON5 says. These are just a few of the main benefits that children enjoy from their computers. Now let's talk about something. They say it's bad, but it really isn't ; social networks. like @ CAPS5, use an SMS form on a computer that helps us log in without making a huge phone bill : with instant messaging I can talk to @ CAPS2's girlfriends, "@ PERSON2 explains. There's also Facebook which can help us connect on a global stage. "I can talk with @ CAPS2's cousin at @ LOCATION2," @ CAPS6 says. These are the main social networking tools we use to talk to people all over the world. One thing that is important about the computer is the technological advancement it brings about. @ CAPS3, we have the laptop which is a laptop that we can take anywhere. ”I can use it. 'computer @ CAPS2 wherever I want, "says @ PERSON7. Also, the memory card that allows us to save data to a computer and take it to school or work. Eighth grade student @ CAPS7 says: "I can take home a job that I haven't finished mined at school with the stick. " Latest major advancement is the use of the" I am using the @ CAPS2 printer to print papers to take to school, "@ PERSON3 said. These are some of the major advancements caused by the computer. That's why I think using the computer is good for us. There are many advantages to owning a computer. We talk to people around the world when we want to. The computer has even been the sole focus of many other breakthrough technological improvements. @ CAPS4, help us stand up for ourselves, children, in this matter of using the computer.
Losing @ CAPS1 to @ ORGANIZATION1 is a big part of everyday life these days, which is good for businesses and schools, but for people who are just looking to pass the time, computers are a dangerous choice. Yes, computers are a medium of communication and are useful if a student forgets homework or homework, but when it comes to being bored, computers are bad. Social networks are actually scary and too many young people expose themselves by creating @ CAPS2 or a @ CAPS3 page. Also, exercise is a big deal now and you can't get by with a computer. On the other hand, computers open up new worlds for people. You can type any question or location into a search engine and get results instantly. Computers, like everything else, are fine in moderation, but too much of one thing just isn't healthy. Websites like @ CAPS2, or @ CAPS3 or @ CAPS6 are scary when it comes to privacy. There is very little privacy offered and your page may simply be made public. Moreover, these websites are addicting. You @ MONTH1 just want to log in to check your notifications, but you may end up on the computer for @ NUM1 to @ NUM2 hours without even realizing it. Another hobby could be running on a treadmill or jogging, there are no benefits. All you can get from an hour on the computer is blurry vision. It would be nice to be on the computer for 1 / @ NUM1 hour a day but not to use the internet. Websites can be a way to find computer time. Edline is a duty or a duty. Google is useful for research or vocabulary work. When websites like these focus on computing time, they are much more productive. Overall, I believe that computers have a negative effect on people if so many people who use computers balanced this time with exercise time, they would all be better off.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 on what the world would be like without computers. Scary thought? I had the same reaction. A world without computers is a world of non-communicating people and nowhere to independently collect information. The benefits of having computers are that they are a way to communicate with friends and family who don't live in your area, or who you just haven't spoken to in a while. They also teach hand-eye coordination which is good for almost anything. Finally, they give people the opportunity to learn about other things in the world. In conclusion, computers have remarkable effects on people. First of all, from my perspective, having a computer allows me to communicate with people I have met on vacation. I can email them and talk to them on social media like Facebook. This is beneficial for anyone who has lost contact with their friends or even family. Being able to talk to friends that I haven't spoken to in white gives me and others the opportunity to catch up and reconnect with. In conclusion, being able to communicate with others on a computer, is only me, among the many advantages that a computer offers! Second, not only does having a computer allow you to talk to others, it can also teach you hand-eye coordination. Dereck was a reporter for the @ NUM1 channel, “I can hit distant balls that take the cake for some of our games. I really @ CAPS1 it's because my mom now taught me how to use a computer!” @ CAPS2 especially benefits computers because they teach them hand-eye coordination, which is great for home runs or even touchdowns ! The third of all computers allows students and many others to learn and research things they don't know. @ PERCENT1 Schools across the country are benefiting from school computers for research. On the other hand, businessmen, parents and even teachers use the Internet to find out more about the world and to gather information to teach their lessons. All in all, computers have many advantages such as allowing you to communicate with others, teaching you hand-eye coordination, and even allowing you to learn more about things and places around the world. All in all, this clever computer invention is an amazing machine that seems to have all the answers and a success for reliable information!
Dear @ PERSON1, @ CAPS1 in your journal, I read an article that piqued my interest. The article was about the negative effects of computers on the community. I couldn't help but disagree with the @ PERSON1 article because, in my opinion, computers are a step in the right direction for modern technology. I think computers are a benefit to society because they promote hand-eye coordination, you can learn just about anything, and you can talk online with other people. How do computers help with hand-eye coordination, you ask? When typing on the computer, your eyes are on the screen while your hands are typing and strengthening with incredible speed ! A study by students at @ ORGANIZATION1 shows that the odds of developing arthritis while you're @ NUM1 have dropped by almost @ PERCENT1 in people who use computers often. In addition, the hand-eye coordination you get while typing is very useful in sports such as tennis and baseball. So if anyone needs to develop their hand-eye coordination, I suggest they take a computer class, like the ones offered in many schools across the country. Second, using the Internet on computers makes it much easier to find information on a variety of topics. Let's say you wanted to go on vacation with your family. Instead of calling a number, why not go online and plan your entire trip from your computer. There are so many websites that make it quick and easy. Plus, sites can teach people how to dress are always nearby. If you wanted to learn how to knit, just type "how to knit" into your favorite search engine and there are more sites @ NUM2 to help you out, making it easy for you to learn how to make a great bike or how to fix a bike. . Besides learning new things, the Internet allows you to make friends. After camp I would always say “ oh we 'll keep in touch ”, but I would never be able to keep any promises. Once I found an instant messaging or webcam app on the internet, it was very easy to talk to my friends. Every now and then I talk to my friend who now lives at @ LOCATION1 ! Also, my dad is always stressed out about meetings with other countries, but now that he can use webcams to talk to his other international bosses, he's so excited about his meetings. He still says that computers these days are very easy to use for talking to people. In conclusion, I think computers are a benefit to the world because they help with hand-eye coordination, make it easier to get information and to communicate with people.
Dear @ CAPS1, I believe computers are good for society. One of the reasons is that children cannot write an @ NUM1 page essay by hand, they will use a computer because it is easier. People use computers everyday except to talk with friends who play games, that's the good mood of people. Personally, I don't often use a computer just to check email and schoolwork, but that doesn't mean people don't need it. People get cut even when they don't know how to walk, so they're not part of it. Personally, I think computers are not bad, but they can be useful as research projects. . Why are people so concerned about what we @ CAPS4 with our. We are not exercising anybody. Another great thing about computers is that you can video chat on a live video channel so that you can hear the talk and see the person. also to talk to friends. Computers are also a good thing because of the program that can with it, the programs are word, excel, @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3 ex. They help you write essays, @ CAPS4 notes, graphics ex. Without compressors we would have @ CAPS4 in hand, it wouldn't be neat, it would be messy. Computer excersize your. The last reason computers are so great is the enternet because everything is on the enternet like you want to go shopping. If you want to play games, what videos you can chat with friends, post photos, post videos, I could go on but I don't want everything. a fact that kids love them and adults so i think you took the computer away from adult kids, how kids @ CAPS4, how fun companies would think what you would @ CAPS4 in the world with computers . Hey coumptors, how would you @ CAPS4 like your new paper. Think what kind of a world it would be like if they couldn't have fun without the computer inside them or the computer scoring for tests, people don't realize we need to computers and they need us.
Dear local newspaper, the folks at @ CAPS1 are talking about computers and what they are doing to us. People think that using the computer is a waste of time. I believe computers are not a bad thing. Using computers can help us discover other places in the world. It can also show us the lives of people from the past. We can also talk to our friends online. If you want to know why computers are useful, read on. People say computers ruin our lives. I do not agree with this opinion. The internet is a great way to explore different places in the world. We can learn more about the climate. Animals and the food they eat. The @ CAPS1 palaces have different types of culture. For example, at @ LOCATION3, everyone eats seafood. In @ LOCATION2, everyone eats spicy. The internet can show us pictures of beautiful places that we have never seen before. It's a great way to see and learn about places that are different from the way you live. Do you have a friend that you haven't seen for a long time? Would you like to get back in touch with this person? Well the internet is a great way to do it. It allows you to create an account such as twitter, facebook, @ NUM1 and more. You can search for the name and magic of your friends! You finally have the chance to talk to your old boyfriend again. You would love to talk to them again. The children of @ CAPS1 use the computer to do their story projects. Well the internet is here to help. You can search for famous people from the past or people today. The Internet allows you to see and know the past of these people. An example is @ LOCATION1. He was the first president of @ ORGANIZATION1. You can learn so much about him, like his birthplace, how the parents of the @ CAPS1 family got on and more. So, you see, the Internet is a great use for kids. These are my reasons why I believe computers are not bad. We still have time for family, friends and any fun outdoor activity. We can learn more about different places in the world. We can talk to friends online, and we can learn about people from the past.
Dear Diary, @ CAPS1, do you think computers are having a bad effect on people today ? I know no. More than @ PERCENT1 people have computers today. On a computer, you can find great things about a place and people. If you don't have the best handwriting, you can type it, and the computer can help you find things. @ CAPS1 do you want to go get your favorite hockey player? Instead of going to the library and hoping there's a book on him. You can simply @ ORGANIZATION1 its name and hundreds of different websites will have come up using it. It will save you a lot of time and save you a lot of money. If you go on a family trip every year at the sum. Where do you need a change? Then you can search for another place online where @ MONTH1 has the same functionality, but @ MONTH1 is much closer than @ LOCATION1 every year. So if you have a computer you can search for places you @ MONTH1 want to travel or search for interesting facts about your future sports player. If you have messy handwriting and your teacher has a harder time reading, you can just learn to type it on the computer. At least @ PERCENT2 of students in schools today are not getting any assignments or tests because their teacher cannot read their handwriting. If you type it on a computer, the spelling or grammar will be just as you would the sizes and colors, as the pictures will give a high mark to the fact that you will work a little harder to die. So to all the people who think that the computer helps everyone, the reasons why the computer can help someone. Computers can help children find something or can help them. The computer can also find videos about your favorite player or your favorite hockey players. You can find all the good stuff online. You can find your favorite song for your cell phone. More than @ PERCENT3 people are getting the song from the computer. The computer can also play the favorite song on the computer. For example, if your favorite band was drop kick murpheys, you can @ ORGANIZATION1 where you will find all of their songs. A lot of people think that the computer is not good for us. But, I say they are wrong. You can find information about the future person that they can look for there. If you have messy handwriting, you can type it, well, you can songs, videos, and more while browsing the web. For example, @ LOCATION2, @ MONTH1 is its own website. The computer can help children find information better, we type your sloppy paper.
Dear NewsPaper @ CAPS1, Have you ever considered the impact of technology on our society ? Well, for many people, computers are their life. They help adults stay in touch with their friends. Besides, it gives users useful information on anything you can think of. Computers are a great tool to help us in our life, they help us learn skills for later in life. People who use computers don't spend too much time on them, we need them to live a good life. For example, the Internet contains many websites that allow people to stay in touch. There are countless sites out there and to name a few, @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3, @ ORGANIZATION1, the list goes on and on. Many adults begin to realize that childhood friends seem to disappear over time. With computers you can chat all night long. In @ CAPS4, it's also a convenient way to contact friends if they live in different places around @ LOCATION1. In addition, computers are full of information. If a family wanted to take a vacation, they could use the computer to find a place they liked and book a flight there. Also, if a student needed to write a report and was unable to go to the library, he could use the computer to get the information needed for the report. Finally, if someone had an illness and didn't know it was serious enough for a visit to the doctor's office, they could search the internet for it. they also have many sites for this sole purpose such as @ ORGANIZATION2. Finally, computer users gain valuable skills that those who do not will never. Just knowing how to work is an important skill, but there are many features of computers that will help you at work or in college. For example, making an outlet for work or just a party slideshow in your backyard. In @ CAPS4, typing is a valuable skill that most jobs demand today. And the use of the computer improves hand-eye coordination. While some @ MONTH1 say staring at a screen all day is not healthy, @ CAPS5 of @ CAPS6.SA citizens say using the computer is healthy for their social life and we should use it in moderation . Computers are amazing tools if used correctly and in moderation. Now is the time to tell people that computers are good for society. They help social life, teach us skills and give us information on countless topics. People need it to have a good life. So write an article about the need to use computers @ DATE1 and let people know that they are making the right decision using them.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3 a world where no one has hand eye coordination @ CAPS6 they are trying to catch a ball that it slips. There are no friendships or communication with other countries. Is this really what you want? Computers have positive effects on people. For example, they help with hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people, and even allow people to talk online with other people. Computers have a positive effect on people and on society. First, hand-eye coordination is not something everyone has. However, you can improve it using computers and it is a fact. @ CAPS4 Computers reported that the computer helped @ CAPS5's @ PERCENT1 with their hand-eye coordination. For example, my mom had awful hand-eye coordination, but now that she uses a computer and it's much better. Oprah said: “@ CAPS6 I was young I couldn't catch a ball but now that I'm older and use computers I'm the best.” @ NUM1 on @ NUM2 people agree that computer helps with hand-eye coordination. Then, computers help other people learn about faraway places. For example, if we didn't have computers, people wouldn't go to @ LOCATION1. @ PERCENT1 from @ CAPS5 agree that they would never travel if it weren't for computers, it is a fact that people use the internet to find out about other countries for educational purposes. Www.exploretheworld.org wrote that @ PERCENT2 of the people using the website are students. Computers help others learn about distant places. Finally, computers allow people to talk online. @ PERCENT3 people on Facebook have at least one friend who lives out of the country. It is a fact that countries are better allies @ CAPS6 their people get along. Www.internationalfriendships.com wrote that they have more @ NUM3 users talking with people from other countries eg my friend's mom was born at @ LOCATION2 and she talks online with several of her friends . Dr @ PERSON1 said : " The @ CAPS8 friendships are the best because you learn more about other cultures. " Computers are a wonderful way to talk to other people. Now @ CAPS3, a world where all countries get along through online friendships. Where adults could play a game of baseball because they had regained their hand-eye coordination. Where students could discover distant places they didn't know existed. Doesn't that sound awesome ? Computers teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about people and places far away, and allow people to talk online. Thus, @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 computers benefit society.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS1, you know that @ NUM1 in every @ NUM2 @ CAPS2 families have a computer ? Computers can be useful if you need to write an essay for school, but when it comes to family versus the computer, the average child will usually choose the computer. Computers take away family time, exercise privileges, and time spent in school for schoolwork. "@ PERSON3, get out of the computer and come play '@ CAPS3' with us!" @ CAPS4 mom will tell the kids at least once a week, the answer that is @ CAPS4 common is "@ CAPS5!" @ CAPS6 Children ages @ NUM3 to @ NUM4 would prefer to spend time on the computer, whether playing games or talking with friends. This is an issue that requires special attention. Families should start spending more time together instead of hanging out in front of a screen. My friend @ PERSON1 has a little brother who always plays games on the computer. Whenever @ PERSON1 wants to play hide and seek with him, he always finds a way not to play with @ PERSON1 play computer. Spending time with family computers takes away children's exercise privileges @ CAPS6. An example is last week it snowed and I wanted my neighbor @ PERSON2 to come outside and have a snowball fight with me but, she said, I had to complete a level on a computer game and so on. was really important. It goes to show that it takes time out alone with exercise. A walk in the park with friends seems relaxing for people @ CAPS4, except for teens @ CAPS4 who prefer to talk to their friends using a computer instead of spending time with them. Finally, if you spend time staring at a screen. When is the homework done? I recently took a grade eight survey and the results showed that @ PERCENT1 of people who don't do their homework are due to spending too much time on the computer. In my science class, a boy named @ CAPS7 never does his homework. I asked him why one day and he replied that it was because he was talking to his girlfriend who also never does her homework because she always has something to do on the computer. @ CAPS5 time spent with family, @ CAPS5 exercise to do, @ CAPS5 time to play outside and missing homework is a lot to sacrifice for "@ CAPS8 one level up". If you want to help me make sure that the kids don't spend so much time on the computer, write about artical on this important issue in one of your journals and please consider my ideas.
@ CAPS1, do you want people to be overweight? @ CAPS1 you want our beautiful doors to be ruined? And @ CAPS1, you want families to be remote because they have to precede @ CAPS2 ? Statistics show that @ PERCENT2 of families are not speaking because they are too preoccupied with computer games. The problem to be solved is that the @ CAPS1 computers are having an effect on people. Yes, I think computers have a negative effect on people for the following reasons. People spend too much time on the computer and don't exercise enough, they don't appreciate the nature we have, and they don't interact with family and friends. People spend too much time on the computer and don't exercise enough. Statistics show that @ PERCENT3 of overweight people spend more time on the computer than on the track. I remember a time when I was overweight because I spent too much time on the computer. One day my mom picked up the computer ant and threw it out the window and I had no choice but to go outside and exercise. @ CAPS1, do you want kids to be overweight like me ? A lot of people don't take advantage of the great outdoors because they're too preoccupied with the computer. Lisa, a volunteer worker at @ LOCATION1, says this field was once a vast array of plants and animal life, but now it's a wasteland because of computers. No one had time to worry about the natural wonder because they were at @ CAPS2 with their computer animated works and didn't care what came out of it. @ CAPS1 do you want this to happen in our country? @ PERCENT4 high tech places are dirty with very little vegetation because workers have to deal with computers rather than bushes. Some families find it difficult to talk about their daily life because they spend too much time on the computer and don't spend the time talking and getting to know each other. Statistics show that @ PERCENT1 devorces are linked to the inability to have a conversation and more technology on how that number will grow. I remember my parents were eaten up because my dad spent more time in front of the computer than with my mom or me. Most people think computers are good for research. Yes, but you are still locked in the house rather than in a large library with all the information you need. I think computers have a negative impact on people. "
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 I believe that there are more and more controversies about IT and whether or not they benefit society. In my opinion, computers are a wonderful resource that will soon become a household item. I am writing to persuade you that computers have a positive effect on people. I believe computers are a good thing because they allow people to access more knowledge, they allow people to stay in touch with people they don't see very often, and they allow people to track and know what is going on in modern life. One of the reasons computers are useful is that they allow people to stay in touch with people they don't see very often. Parents today aren't as worried about sending their kids to college as they can see them using video chat sites like @ ORGANIZATION1. This feature on computers has a big impact on the lives of people today. People from @ LOCATION1 can talk to people from @ LOCATION2. This type of often allows people to share new and inventive things that they have discovered. Another reason that computers can be useful is that they help people stay in touch with modern life. Many companies are now removing newspaper advertisements and putting them all on computer websites. Some companies only sell items on their websites and ship them to buyers. With computers, students can also do homework and email it to their teacher if they can't get to school that day. There are even home colleges where you take your courses online. I believe that in a few years more and more people will be doing business with computers and more and more stores will sell only online. Finally, the last reason I think computers are a good idea is that they allow people to access more knowledge over the Internet. There are websites devoted to history and information on a lot of things. There are also blogging websites where people can debate information or get answers to questions from real people who @ MOIS1 know a lot about the subject. Another thing about computers that helps you educate yourself is websites like wikipedia where people can search for a topic, read history about it, and follow links to other websites if they want to distinguish even more. the subject. Overall, I think computers are a great resource for humanity and will be used for more and more things in a few years. I believe that computers are useful because they allow people to access more knowledge, to stay in touch with others and to stay in touch with modern life. I believe in a few years there will be smooth stores on the streets and most of them will be online because it is a lot cheaper for business. So most people in a few years will be computers and will use them efficiently.
Computers have become more advanced over time. They have even gotten smaller and smaller, and yet people still do not understand the dangers that computers have on society and their personal lives such as; stress, drug addiction and cyberbullying. I am here to write about how computers are a nuisance in our lives. First and foremost, computers are one of the main causes of stress in everyday life. About four in ten people who are stressed are stressed because of their computers. For example, if you were writing an important document or emailing your boss about work and your computer suddenly crashes, would you be upset? Would you like to tear your hair out and throw that computer out the window? I'm pretty sure you would because your data is lost, you will have to restart your computer, and in the worst case, take your computer to the electronics store for repair. Another cause of stress is that someone hacks into your computer by downloading a virus. Hacking was @ CAPS1 now a global sport. There are books and instructions on how to hack a computer and there is not much the government can do about it since the First Amendment gives you the right to write to publish what you (free speech and the press). Look what happened in @ LOCATION1. A hacker hacks into a computer and cuts power to an entire city for about @ NUM1 days. Also, if someone downloads a virus to your computer, they can take all of your personal information, like your social security number. These two factors will cause major stress in your daily life. Second, people spend too much time on the computer at home. A recent survey shows that six in ten teenagers spend more than two hours on the computer. This makes them less social, which means they won't be spending time with friends, family, or even playing sports. They will not get the recommended hour of exercise per day.
Many people wonder if computers on the Internet are having a negative effect on them @ CAPS1 thinks it is having a negative effect on them @ CAPS1 thinks that computers are an asset to society because you can access almost anything. This is the problem. Content on computers is affected to everyone who sees it, computers don't help people be healthy either, and if you need to research something, books are more useful than the internet. For starters, the content on computers and the Internet is too much for people and society. @ CAPS4 I'm saying too much is available on the internet. Denigrating and pornographic websites harm people @ CAPS1, especially @ ORGANIZATION1 and teenagers. Chinese government officials cut off access to unsafe @ CAPS1 websites. Chinese readers began, "@ CAPS3 thinks things that are easily accessible on computers poison the minds of young people." Internet and computers are waiting to explode and invade everyone's mind. Second, computers are not metallic like computers but physically unstable as well. Computers provide games for @ ORGANIZATION1 to play. These games are fun to begin with, but they become habits. Don't walk away from me, although games can be fun, but when a kid plays a game for hours a day, there is a problem. The problem is, children don't get enough exercise that they need. Studies by @ ORGANIZATION1 know that @ PERCENT1 of children who play computer generated games are overweight. Therefore, I think games are a harmful habit for young people @ ORGANIZATION1. Finally, many people do research on the Internet. but some facts are actually @ CAPS4 that i understand is that nobody needs a computer to research or research projects. Instead, go to a library. Many find the books boring, but it will help them in the long run. I remember a time when I had a project for @ PERSON1 in @ NUM1 grade on @ LOCATION1. I searched the internet for information instead of using a book just to learn that the facts were actually very precise. Therefore, never rely on the Internet as a source of research. from disparaging content, to unhealthy youth, looking innocuous. Computers are not society's assets, but problems. In my opinion, I think computers do more harm than good to everyone who uses them.
Dear local newspaper, "Do the folks at @ CAPS1 have viruses in their heads ?" @ CAPS2, they need a maricle to exit the computer. Why did I say that @ CAPS2 is unhealthy for a lot of people. It is not using time wisely. But more importantly, it can get you in some trouble that you don't want to have. Stick around if you want the computer virus anecdote so people can be cured. OH MY GOD!!! My stepfather has to get out of the computer! His time online is unhealthy. He must get up and move. But instead, he just sits in a line every day eating. Another reason it's unhealthy is that as you get older your bones get weaker and as you get older you can't move the way you used to and wanted to. Man just thinks, if we didn't have a computer, all the time / money that people spend on computers can be spent on more useful things. For example, @ NUM1 on @ NUM2 people love computers more than life itself. @ PERCENT1 of the world spends their time doing something active instead of being on the computer. "@ CAPS3 a computer is fine but you must know that you cannot be controlled by it. ALERT ! ALERT !! ! Sirence is getting closer and closer to my house. I'm scared @ CAPS2 I'm online and wondering if I did something wrong. But it wasn't me who the cops were coming for, c was my next door neighbor. I guess he was doing illegal stuff online that he had no business to do. Seeing the computer can get you in trouble. For example, I remember when I got into trouble with my parents and they looked at the computer away from me. Now you know why computers affect people How unhealthy it is for a lot of people. Why it takes so long in people's lives, and all the trouble that causes them.
Dear, @ ORGANIZATION1 is an integral part of everyday life. They are used by just about everyone. There are so many benefits if you know how to use one correctly. They help you in everyday life, whether you are trying to find that song that goes through your mind or trying to file your taxes, computers are a necessity in every home. They are also a great way to learn. You can search for a question that bothers you or learn to play a new song on your favorite instrument. Either way your learning. So I think computers certainly have more of a positive effect on society than a negative one. Computers are also a great way to interact with family and friends. Some computers even have built-in cameras that allow you to converse with your peers through the computer while seeing yourself. This is great if you have family who live far away or if you have a long-distance relationship. Another advantage of the computer is that it is ideal for organizing things. Whether it's @ CAPS1 or @ CAPS2 you can rely on your computer to keep everything organized, some computers also have a built-in calendar that could help you plan your day. But say you don't know what to do that day. Well that brings me to my next point. Computers are also great for finding places. For example, let's say you are going to @ LOCATION1 for the first time in a business meeting and arrive a few days before the meeting. So maybe you decide to go sightseeing some of the most stylish places in @ LOCATION1, but with a computer you can research some places and have a nice day. Overall I think computers make the world go round. They will never go out, which is why everyone should know how to use them, and if you don't, you should hurry up and learn as soon as possible.
I think the computer is a good advantage for people because those who support technological advancements believe that computers have a positive effect on people. For example, they teach hand-eye coordination, give people the chance to learn about faraway places, people, and even allow people to talk with other people. My number one reason is that important people around the world have used computers for a better future in life. People who use computers have important jobs. For example, a judge, an engineer, a lawyer, an archaeologist, a scientist, an archaeologist etc ... That's why I think that computers are useful to people. My second reason is that the computer could be useful with children, because computers could help children achieve better grades in school. It could help develop a smarter brain in many ways. The first way this might help develop a smarter brain is to read a lot on calculus. It helps in knowing the meaning of new words. I help you speak correctly and clearly. That's why I think computers help develop smarter brains. My third reason is that it helps adults connect to different places in the world. It could be a hobby for adults who have nothing to do could have a good time. My conclusion is that with the computer, you could have a better life. Computers could help you have a better future.
Dear conneticut @ CAPS1, do you like keeping up to date with the latest trends from your favorite TV showcar store? Or maybe even schedule a meeting with some of your old friends? Well, with today's great technology, you can do it on the computer ! I can see the experts trying to decide whether or not computers are the healthiest thing that benefits our society, but in my opinion, I think they are awesome ! As you don't know @ MONTH1 I am @ NUM1 years old and I have a @ NUM2 year old brother ; we spend a lot of time on the computer, not just on homework. I like to shop online for discounts and sales where I know things are cheaper than in store. I know my brother loves going to concerts and buying the latest video games. My grandparents are older and don't watch TV much or read the newspaper, so the computer is great for watching your favorite TV shows and / or the news. With these awesome machines you can chat with old friends on Facebook, @ CAPS2 and @ ORGANIZATION3. @ PERCENT1 of @ CAPS5 teens shop by brand name, like : @ CAPS3, @ ORGANIZATION1, @ ORGANIZATION2, @ CAPS4. All of that designer clothes and stuff is all we want, but half of us don't have the money. If you go to the computer, you can get all of these names and items for less than @ MONEY1 compared to% @ NUM3. Computers lower the prices of the things we want and need. Me, @ CAPS5 a day grandparents try to have a decent conversation with their kids or grandchildren, but they go up to when they were little. As the granddaughter of my @ PERSON1 all she talked about was her days in the Great Depression, but with the computers she was able to keep up with the news and @ CAPS5 I can sit down with her and have a good conversation. You can also catch up on shows you miss when everyone is talking about them at school. Children will not be left out! When i was in class @ NUM4 i got my first facebook i thought i could so much! This @ DATE1, I went to camp and met all these new kids and found out they all had Facebook accounts. @ CAPS5 I keep in touch with them, without losing my friendships. You see I know scientists or experts are probably smarter than a @ NUM1 year old girl, but I know most teens and parents have Facebook and say it's great because we hook up with it. people from all over the world. So I know these experts will make the best decision as to whether or not computers benefit our society or not, but please take my ideas into consideration.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, The problem before us is that people are addicted to computers. SI thinks not. In addition to all this, some people can work and a lot of things like spending time with family and friends, but most of all enjoying life. In a way, computer privileges can be like enjoying life. Tell if you and your friends have the same computer that includes a webcam, video messaging, and more. That's life, what I'm trying to say is you can all talk to each other, have private conversations. Computers don't always keep you away from people or the important things in life. Some computers can help you, you can go to school, learn to write essays, learn to read and much more. Computers can be successful for some people. The only thing that can keep you from having fun with your family and friends is yourself, you can't blame it on a computer. Imagine life without a computer, what would you do? How can you survive? For example, if you gave homework that you had to do on the computer and there was no way for you to do this project at school. How would you do? Some people need computers. I think if they thought and knew that we were going to be so excited about the quality of our computers, they shouldn't have so many new technologies in our life. Now you can probably see why I think we need a computer and how it can sometimes benefit our society.
@ ORGANIZATION2, @ CAPS1 Can you imagine that the children of the schools that you lead yourself cannot do research on the computer ? Would you be okay with the kids not having the @ ORGANIZATION3 opportunity to type in their homework ? Do you think @ ORGANIZATION3 @ LOCATION2 teen would want to waste paper because of @ ORGANIZATION3 his messy handwriting and mistakes ? I would hate to live like this, and I hate to live like this, and I know my peers would agree. This is just one of the many reasons computers have a positive effect on people. Other reasons include, citizens @ ORGANIZATION3 the world needs an easier way to communicate with each other, and some people need to work from home. I know that as @ ORGANIZATION3 you wouldn't want to bother as many people as removing computers. First of all @ ORGANIZATION3, think of the schools that @ ORGANIZATION1 manages. Now imagine this ; the children handed out eight-page essays to their teachers, when it would have taken three to type them. Imagine these kids the night before, scribbling words with their cramped hands, typing to write as fast as possible. These children do not have computers, so their teacher will have to take the time to try to understand the students' illegitimate handwriting. I @ CAPS1 I almost see the kids screaming, their eyes moving as they struggle to finish their high priority papers. If there were no computers, this is what would happen to children. In addition, students use computers for research; learn about different parts @ ORGANIZATION3 the world. As @ ORGANIZATION1, I doubt @ CAPS1 will say that research is having a negative effect on school children. I mean, unless you don't want them to learn. Second, I want you to close your eyes. Think of @ ORGANIZATION3 yourself by calling your best friend who lives at @ LOCATION1. It doesn't pick up, so you walk over to your clean, shiny black computer. You hear the click-clack @ ORGANIZATION3 keys as you type a message, and the wooshing that your monitor gives when you press send. It's nice @ ORGANIZATION3 amazing how advanced our technology is, how @ CAPS1 you send a message from @ LOCATION2 to @ LOCATION1 within @ ORGANIZATION3 seconds. You can't say that all the hard work that goes into making computers hasn't had a positive effect, can you ? I know I talk to my friends about @ LOCATION3 all the time, but not on the phone. You see, my family doesn't have long distance calls, so if I didn't have a computer, I would never be able to talk to them. I know a lot @ ORGANIZATION3 my friends have the same problem, and if not the time difference between locations makes it difficult to call people. Have you ever had this problem ? Would you like the effect to be that you can no longer talk to some of your @ ORGANIZATION3 friends ? Most importantly, I would like to tell you a story. When @ CAPS2 was five, my dad tucked me in bed every night. It was my favorite part @ ORGANIZATION3 everyday. But then, when I was six, my dad had a job that required him to work late every night. He stopped coming home and tucking me in, and I couldn't understand why, being as young as me. I cried every night for three weeks. After those three weeks, my father's boss told him he could work from home ... if he had a computer. His job gave him a computer, and he was back to tuck me in every night, and he still does now. If that wasn't a possible effect then I don't know what it is. Many people can work from home with computers, which is just another reason computers are useful to all @ ORGANIZATION3 citizens around the world. I am you, an @ ORGANIZATION1 @ ORGANIZATION3, needs a computer to work. While @ CAPS1 understands why some people @ MONTH1 object to the computer, I totally disagree. Computers help people work, learn and even communicate ! People @ MONTH1 think @ MONTH1 computers are too expensive, but you @ CAPS1 find them for almost any price range. I agree that citizens shouldn't spend too much time on the computer, but it still has a totally positive effect on people @ ORGANIZATION3 around the world. I know that a @ ORGANIZATION3 @ ORGANIZATION3 the @ ORGANIZATION1 should agree.
I agree with computers helping people. For starters, computers have a positive effect on us. They also give us the ability to learn. It also allows people to talk online from remote locations. So, yes, computers are good for people. First of all, computers have a positive effect. The @ MONTH1 computer is giving someone motivation. Or it will help someone find their lost pet. It could also help you find a job. In addition, you can find a safe home with it. So your computers have a positive effect. You can also acquire the ability to learn. It is by helping people with sites on the language of Sighn. You can also get information about the places you will be visiting. This will help to know more about the different contrasts. Most importantly, it will help children and adults with schoolwork or work. This concludes that you can learn things on computers. The computer also allows you to talk to people who are far away. It will be useful for families. Also people who have hospitalized family. In addition, fathers or mothers in the military can talk with their children. Most importantly, adopted children can talk to their birth parents online. Here's another reason computers are good. This is why I agree with computers. They have a positive effect on people. They gave us the ability to learn! Finally, it allows you to talk to people you love who are far away. So, in conclusion, it is an advantage for people to use computers!
Dear Readers, People all over the world are starting to use computers more and more often, but theirs too don't think it benefits society, @ CAPS1 is not one of those people. I agree that this benefits society. One of the reasons I agree is that sometimes their teens and even adults can chat online with their friends if they cannot contact them in some other way. Another reason is that in all schools, teachers give their students a project to do on vacation or on weekends, for projects that they can look up information on the computer. The last reason is that computers can provide the opportunity to learn more about things that they did not know before. In my opinion, I agree with computers that benefit society. Teens, children and even adults would love to talk with their friends so that they can access the computer and chat with them if there is no other way to contact them, @ CAPS2 easy. You just have to @ NUM1) enter the computer, @ NUM2) enter a site where you know your friend could be @ NUM3) login or register if you have never been to this site @ NUM4) finally and especially look @ NUM4 your friend to discuss, the teachers will always give their pupils work for example like projects. Kids also do projects on weekends or holidays, so you don't have to go to a library to browse a book that you can always get on the computer and search for the information you need. Computers give you the opportunity to learn information that you did not know before, for example if you are bored and have nothing to do, go into the computer and search for information about things like nature, the books you are looking for, etc. I agree with computers that benefit society but not everyone, @ NUM3 reason I agree is that kids can chat online with their friends, look up information about projects and find information they had never heard of, what do you think @ CAPS1 am right or wrong.
Dear State Legislator, @ CAPS1 you live a long time ago when there were no computers. The only difference now is that the technology is there, but you are not allowed to use it. Do you think your job would be more difficult. I sincerely believe that computers make your job and everyone else's life easier. With the computer, it teaches hand-eye coordination, gives people the opportunity to learn about distant places, and gives people the opportunity to talk to each other. I believe that the @ CAPS4 technology of the computer is definitely helping the company. For starters, computers help many people with their hand-eye coordination. As you know, hand-eye coordination is necessary for a good driver. The @ CAPS4 statistics from "@ CAPS2 drivers.com" indicate that the accident rate has decreased over the past ten years. In fact, it has decreased by more than @ PERCENT1. Along with all the computer games they have for young children, it improves children's hand-eye coordination. Start at a young age. With games like "@ CAPS3", a majority of children are cycling, skiing or snowboarding by the age of five. All of these activities require very good hand-eye coordination. Finally, resources that help with hand-eye coordination are used to help specialized students improve faster in simple tasks. Second, the World Wide Web teaches people of all ages about places that are thousands of miles from their homes. One thing I personally use my computer for is to research a location and find the story on it before I go on vacation to that location. Computers in our school helped our social studies classes. My teacher @ PERSON1 said that he often grades more strictly and that grades are always up from @ PERCENT2 on computer and internet research projects. I should also add that by using computers our school is communicating with a school at @ LOCATION1. Once a week, we send an e-mail to our correspondent. computers have definitely helped my school program. Finally, computers allow people of all ages to talk to business partners, friends, etc. Social networking sites have kept @ PERCENT3 in contact with friends found in “@ CAPS4-tech” magazine. I should also add that he reconnected @ PERCENT4 from friends from high school, all because of the computer. Another form of online conversation is video chat which many people now use for business meetings instead of spending money to travel to their meeting place. Now for a day you have to keep track of how many hours you spend on the computer for your work. I can bet the number will be around @ PERCENT5 of the time you spend in your office. Computers have hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about places far from home, and allow people to talk to each other online. So do the state legislator a favor and understand how badly society needs the computer.
I think computers have a good effect on people. They teach hand-eye coordination, give people the chance to learn about faraway places, and allow them to talk online with other people. Computers teach hand-eye coordination. It will be used throughout people's lives. Without hand-eye coordination, people will be clumsy. Hand-eye coordination is used on a daily basis. Using a computer, you have to watch the screen and type at the same time. For people who don't have good hand-eye coordination, this will be of great help. They will be able to do more things without making mistakes. Like hitting a baseball! For kids who want to play sports, this could really help. They will learn to use their eyes, arms and hands to their advantage. Computers give people the ability to learn about faraway places. If we didn't have this ability, we wouldn't be able to know what's going on in the world. Plus, if you have family in a remote location, you'll be able to look online and see what's going on there. If something bad has happened, you will know it and be able to help them. Also, being able to learn about faraway places will help at school. If you have a report to make from a faraway place instead of browsing it, you can search the Internet for information. Computers also allow people to talk online with other people. It gives more communication. You will be able to make more friends and better friends. Having the ability to talk to people online is great. You can learn more about someone, become friends, and spend a lot of time. In addition, you will become much more interactive with people. If you are a shy person, this can help. You will get used to talking to people and when you are comfortable talking to them in real life. It will make you a lot more friends. It will help you come out of your shell and become a lot more interactive with people. These are three reasons why I think computers are a good thing. They help with hand-eye coordination, provide the opportunity to learn about faraway places, and allow you to talk online with other people.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 do you like computers? I @ CAPS1, computers help you learn all kinds of things. Additionally, computers allow you to chat with people on their computers even if you can't call them. Another reason I love IT is when I have to write a project I can just type it in !!! Computers make everything easier. So @ CAPS2 is planning to love computers. Initially imagine you have a project due in two days. Your mom can't take you to the library, and you don't have any information about it. But hey, you don't have a computer. You can use the computer to lock your topic and a different @ CAPS3 website will quickly appear on your screen. Most of the time will help you learn more about the topic, then you will have time to finish it and hang out with your friends. Second, @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5 !!! you forgot which page of the book you intend to read. Moreover, you have lost all the contacts of your friends. Don't fear the super duper computer is here. You can email or chat with your friends online and see which pages to read and retrieve their phone numbers. Did you know that @ PERCENT1 on @ NUM1 People said chat and email programs are @ CAPS6 because they can contact friends, family, and coworkers. Finally, you can type your essay on the computer. Writing an @ NUM2 paragraph essay takes too long, so use your computer to help. Go to Microsoft Office and type in your essay. Computers make essay writing really easy. @ PERCENT2 on @ NUM3 people said they liked typing on the computer more than writing it on @ CAPS7. in conclusion, computers are the @ CAPS6 technology when you need to chat with someone. Also when you learn something. Another reason computers are @ CAPS6 is because you can type essays and papers, @ CAPS8, @ CAPS2 change you @ CAPS10 computers are bad for computers we do @ CAPS11 !
To whom it concerns @ MONTH1 ; I am writing this to let you know what I think about the effects computers have on people. My opinion on this subject is; I think both statements are true, yes they give people the chance to learn about faraway places and people and also allow people to talk online with others. If we hadn't had computers, I wouldn't have done a lot of my homework and homework in school. But the experts who spend too much time on their computers and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. I know this is true because I know people who got addicted to online video games and wouldn't leave the computer for hours and I know I found a new website myself and I want to know all about it so i will be on the computer instead of exercising. But even if both statements are true ; I don't think computers affect people. Because without computers, many more students would fail in class and get zeros // @ CAPS1 on projects ; homework and homework in class. Because they don't have a quick way to find all of their information. Plus, most families or friends will lose touch because they've lost a fun way to communicate. I think computers have a positive effect. Is not it ?
Dear local newspaper, I believe that using computers is a good idea and will help people. So many people all over the world have computers. Computers are good because they help children learn, communicate with others, and teach responsibility. Please just listen to what I have to say. First, I believe that computers help children learn. If you buy computer games like a cooking game, you can learn to cook. Even if you buy the @ PERSON1, you still learn by taking care of them. There are so many great websites you can continue on like @ ORGANIZATION1. People learn by playing new things and why not by playing with your favorite characters. Moreover, you can go to google and type in whatever you want and it will give you the answer. You use a keyboard for all of this, so you also learn to type. If your teacher gives you an assignment, why not type it in for you to learn that skill. This is why computers are good for children to learn. Second, you can communicate with other people around the world or just with your friends. There is something called @ CAPS1 or @ ORGANIZATION2. You use a webcam and talk to whoever you want. There are also websites where you can communicate with people around the world as well. It's pretty cool because you don't have to travel there to talk to them. All of this teaches you about how different people are and how no one is the same. The language of the people could be different or their personality. So many communicating things make computers even better. Finally, the use of computers helps teach responsibility. Children who use the Internet know that people need privacy, and that comes with a responsibility, because you need to know it. If someone doesn't want to be bothered, don't bother them for privacy. Plus, you learn to be nice on computers. If you've been video chatting, you absolutely have to know how to be nice and not be rude. That's how you're kicked out of these things. Another thing is that people learn to take care of the things that a computer is worth a lot of money for. Not everyone has one, so you should be thankful for what you have. Don't brag, but know that you are privileged for a computer. These things are the reasons that computers are good. So if you ever are thinking of getting a computer, the answer is yes, because computers help kids learn, you can communicate with others, and you learn responsibility. Now you know computers are really good for kids, not that bad.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 do you have a home computer that you enjoy? Computers are a big thing now in life, they help a lot of things. Like staying organized, studying, and even having fun. These are the three topics I'm going to focus on, because I @ CAPS1 think computers are useful and people use them to make life a lot easier. Let me start by saying, "I'm a man who loves computers, as a way to talk to friends, listen and search for music, watch youtube videos, do schoolwork and well. more ! I stay organized. I can create many folders to store my work, rather than losing or spilling something on the paper if I wrote it down. I can have my music, my homework, my projects, my work , my videos, photos and much more saved and organized so that I know where it is every time I find it. There can no longer be any excuse "my dog ate my homework". next topic. As I mentioned, you can save the work to your computer, you can also add it without ear, the work becomes crisp and perfect every time. So when your teacher notes on cleanliness, don't worry You can also search for informatio ns on any topic you are working on in class, which you get. The more information, the better the score. Spelling is no longer a factor now, because your computer alerts you when a word is misspelled. It even gives you suggestions on how to spell the word underlining it with a red squigle line. It really helps because a lot of people have a hard time with spelling. You can even ask @ CAPS2 to read a book you're reading, which helps you learn new words @ MONTH1 couldn't pronounce. Teachers can even post grades on school homework websites, when projects are @ CAPS1, ext. No more, "I didn't know / remember what was due to homework / projects. Finally, entertainment is the most important thing with computers. People keep uploading videos, photos, videos, photos, and videos every day. blogs and pretty much whatever. Games are played on computers by younger children just learning while older children have fun playing maze, driving , shoot, adventure and many other types of games 1. Myspace, facebook, twitter, and more are used by people to talk, express their feelings to everyone / to let it out), show love to someone, send birthday wishes, to @ CAPS1 anything. endless possibilities for entertainment on a computer. Without a doubt, more than "I m 'bored'. @ CAPS1 Are you using your computer for @ CAPS1 something like this? If so, you should take advantage. People use the computer for everything at work to express feelings. Now which side are you on ?
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 years ago, computers did not exist, but now many people have Internet in their homes. But for some, the effect it has on people is negative. However, I believe that computers have a positive effect on people in many ways. For example, the internet keeps people in touch, gives them technological skills to prepare them @ CAPS1 for more high tech jobs ; and allows them to find and learn new things. Don't you think computers help society? People live in all parts of the world and the lucky ones meet a lot of people from different parts of the country. But, you can't talk on the phone because of the long distance calls; So, with a computer, people don't have to lose touch! It is quite easy for @ CAPS1 to talk to others from anywhere without having to see them. Computers are also an easy way to stay in touch with family. As a result, people can talk to their distant relatives from anywhere when you don't even need to visit them. Having a computer helps people stay in close contact with distant friends and family. Let's face it, the world is relying more and more on technology and computers. But, if young people start using computers earlier, it will be easier to get a better job in life. Many jobs require technological skills @ CAPS1 to be hired ; therefore having a computer when you are younger automatically prepares young adults for the life of CAPS1. On top of that, there is a computer in almost every workplace that is up to date; restaurants, hotels, retail stores. and even in the construction sector. However, computer skills are not just a good skill to have; they are a necessary skill. Finally, computers are a faster and easier way to find new things and learn more about different topics. Instead of browsing through various @ CAPS1 books and encyclopedias, why not research the topic ? Although computers and the Internet are not complete substitutes for books, it is a valuable research tool. Someone who has never been to pyramids could easily research pyramids and see amazing pictures, ancient history about them and learn so much. Computers can help you learn a lot about the world without having to leave your home. Now is the time to decide whether or not you think computers have a positive effect on people. @ CAPS1 the reasons to stay in touch, to give
Computers can be very time consuming for a person, but there are also advantages to having one. You could acquire a lot of knowledge and facilitate interaction with others with just a click of the cursor. The computer is the smartest thing you have ever seen. All the facts of life and the world are there. Think how much knowledge you would have from reading articles that you would find on google.com and all the other search engines. Are you wondering what's the best way to get somewhere? You can also look at maps from around the world and zoom in to the bird's-eye view. There is your map with just a click of the cursor. Does your child have a school question that even you can't answer? There are help sites that can show and explain how to do your homework. Or if your child doesn't know what homework and their friends are busy and can't tell them, most schools have websites with information on everything going on at school. There are your child's grades with just a click of the cursor. You're late for a party and you don't have a cell phone, but your family has a computer and you know your friend will be online. You can just log into your facebook, twitter or myspace and tell them you're late. It's @ DATE1, no one writes letters anymore ; there is email and instant messaging. Letters take forever to write and if you get it wrong you have to start over. When you type, all you do is hit "backspace" and you just type your mistake. Letters also take forever to receive, while instant messages arrive, well, instantly ! Haven't you seen your cousin or just want to see them? Computers are made with webcams, or you can just buy a detached one. You could talk to your friend and see them right on your computer with just a click of the cursor. It's not enough ? If you have explored the computer, you will find that it can help you with more than just learning and interaction.
Dear local newspaper, I think the computer technology is good. I think there are good effects on computers. I think the computer teaches us to work on our own without anyone's help. Another good effect on the computer is that we can talk to friends online. Another thing is also that it gives us the possibility to learn more and to surf the web. Another reason is that it gives us hand cordanation. These are all the reasons why I think the computer has good effects. My first topic, why I think there are good effects on the computer, is that we can work on our own without anyone's help. My first reason why I think is because after looking for links on it and getting used to this homework it would be easier. It will also help you get more homework information and you can get a better grade. Another reason is that you will be able to work on your own, you will be able to do it faster by going to the web. My second topic that has good effects is that you can go online and talk to friends. My number one reason I think is because if you don't have a cell phone and want to talk to friends, you can go online. Another reason is that it's good is if you can't do something and we're at a dead end, you can tell the person you can't. This is also another reason why this is good because you can talk to parents you haven't seen. My last two topics are that it gives good hand coordination and that we can learn to surf the web. It gives us a good hand crown because we learn to use our hands and fingers faster. It also takes us away from the seizure. You can learn to surf the web because after a while you will know where everything is and be a webmaster. Finally, you will be able to find whatever you are looking for. In conclusion, these are good effects. The computer teaches us to type, to search the web, and to learn more. As you can see, these are the reasons why I think it has a good effect.
Dear local newspaper: I strongly believe that computer technology has a negative effect on people in our society. People in our society spend too much time on computers and not enough time exercising and interacting with family and friends. By starting now, we can make a difference in the lives of thousands of people. First of all, I would like to say that it is important that we exercise daily. If we don't make exercise part of our daily routine, we are potentially putting our health at risk. Activities like walking a dog, biking, or going for a good jog in the park are just a few ways to improve your fitness. Participation in extracurricular activities can also play a major role in exercise. It not only helps physically, but also mentally. Finally, another method of exercise is to play a part in your local community service projects. Exercising every day is just one way to stay active and away from the computer. Finally, interacting with your family and friends can help you avoid the computer. Playing games is one way that can help you stay in touch with your family. It can bring you closer to the people you love and help them get to know you better. Moreover, you can play with your friends and thus develop social skills. Who knows, developing social skills might help you in the future. Plus, by interacting with your family and friends, you can learn to be relaxed and let your life take its natural course. This is another helpful technique that can improve the quality of your life and save you the temptation to be on the computer. In conclusion, techniques such as exercise and interacting with family and friends can help you avoid the computer. By working together and trying these methods, the computer can be eliminated from our daily routines.
Dear Diary, I think computers are great for finding things like a car or finding places and things. @ ORGANIZATION1 is great because you keep in touch with your family and friends. For example, you can send them a webcam chat and send them instant messages. I think a lot of people should go to @ ORGANIZATION1 because you can do anything on them. You can save your picture, download music, play games. People say some people spend too much time on @ ORGANIZATION1 well i think they should because they should be learning new and different things about the city or even the states in different countries. I don't think there is any harm in spending time on an @ ORGANIZATION1.
Dear Local Newspaper, People all over the world are using computers ! Some people think it's a bad idea, but I don't agree. I believe that computers have a positive effect on a person's lifestyle. Computers help people stay in touch, computers only get better, and they help children in so many ways. Computers definitely help people stay in touch. There is @ CAPS1, myspace, twitter, facebook, email and even video chat. For example, my cousin is at @ LOCATION1 and sometimes we go to the computer and talk through video chat. Without it, we would have no communication with him. Many people around the world use computers to communicate. This is how people use computers to stay in touch. Plus, computers are amazing now and they will only get better. If computers are so great now, imagine what they will look like in @ NUM1 or @ NUM2 years ago. In addition, the more computers people buy and use, the more the company will want to invent new ones. As you can see, computers will only get better. The last reason I would like to share with you today is that computers are a huge help to children. On average, about @ PERCENT1 of the children in @ CAPS2.S use a computer every day. Kids use it to talk to their friends, play games, do homework, and do a lot of other things. Plus, kids and adults only use computers when they need to know how to do something or even find places in their city. This is how children are helped by computers. As you can clearly see, computers are used all over the world for many different reasons. They help keep in touch, they will only get better and help the kids. Everyone uses computers, don't they?
Dear local newspaper, I firmly believe that computers do not benefit society as much as people think. I believe that nature can provide all of the same qualities as any computer. A computer cannot provide fitness, real interactions with family friends, or a real world experience. Did you know that @ PERCENT1 of @ LOCATION2 children are overweight due to lack of exercise ? According to @ CAPS1 @ PERSON1. At @ ORGANIZATION2 and @ ORGANIZATION1, IT systems are the main cause of lack of exercise. So why would a system that leads to obesity be seen as a benefit to society? Another thing on this topic is that overweight kids spend @ NUM1 hours. Put aside healthy activities such as basketball or tennis that also leave them out socially and lack healthy experiences, which brings me to my next point. People think computers know everything, but the truth is, there are many little things that you can experience on a computer. For example, you read @ MONTH1 about world war @ CAPS2 but really know what people were thinking or what the fight was like ? A computer cannot teach you to believe that only real life experience can. Many if you have been deployed in an army, write @ LOCATION1. You would know what it is to be at war. but playing a game or reading an article does not bring experience. My @ NUM2 explanation on how computers don't have the greatest effect on scociaty is the real life interactions with your family and friends. There is only one real way to see family or friends and that is personally. People claim that they talk to their friends and family all the time through the @ CAPS3, but the only reason to be satisfied is to see them for real, for example a romantic relationship would fail if the only way they were communicating was to launch the @ CAPS3. Unlike most successful relationships. I hope my letter to your journal will grab people's attention, I would appreciate it if you would join my cause and help protect society from dangerous computer technologies that could cause obesity, bad relationships and death. inexperience.
Computers are great technology, but they have a terrible impact on people's lives! Computers make children fail and lose their exercise. Children also put themselves at risk by joining different websites. Don't waste your time in a boring computer screen! I'm almost @ PERCENT1 positive that the students who do poorly in school, are the students who come home, throw their backpacks in the hallway and start playing silly games online. My mom kept talking about how my dad was spending too much time on @ CAPS1 when he only went @ NUM1 minutes a day to talk to family members. Now my mom created a @ CAPS1, which @ CAPS2 said @ CAPS2 was only going to continue with family, but @ CAPS2 plays all unnecessary apps, such as "cafe world". @ CAPS2 wastes his time on @ CAPS1 whenever @ CAPS2 is at home, when @ CAPS2 could go out and spend some quality time with family or friends. Something I didn't mention is that I was one of those students who come home, throw their things in the hallways and turn on the computer, the only difference is I'm not went online to play games, i would keep talking to my friends i just saw! I realized after receiving my newsletter that my gades were horribly terrible. My dad then disconnected my @ CAPS4 and I think my grades went up. At first I hated my dad for taking @ CAPS4 offline, but now I want to thank him for breaking up a disappointing hobby of being online every time @ CAPS3 is home. He also mentioned to my sister how much exercise @ CAPS2 was losing everything because @ CAPS2 wanted to play online. In many ways, computers are useless! Do you know how dangerous some websites can be? I once watched a tv show at my aunt's house, and a creepy old man started a website where teens had to self-record on video choking and which has done it the longest has won. About a hundred students have died playing this deadly game. There is also a website, "blogtv.com". were teenagers logging in and going live on a webcam where anyone can watch them. I remember a week ago my cousin Denise and her best friend wanted to see who could get more viewers. Both girls did improper things on online shows, such as flashing, dirty dancing, and body parts. The two girls were later banned from the website, but that was after people videotaped them and posted pictures of the girls. It shouldn't be allowed for anyone to do this, that's a shame ! People stop wasting your life! Go out and have fun, don't let the @ CAPS4 keep you at home. The @ CAPS4 is dangerous and unnecessary.
Who is @ MONTH1, @ CAPS1 for? Do you spend several hours a day on the computer ? Too much is my geuss! They are twisting the minds of people everywhere and in my opinion things should be back to how they were before. Some people @ MONTH1 disagree and say that computers help school children. Let @ MONTH1 be true, but honestly only a few decades ago the average college student didn't even own a computer and the school was teaching the same materials without using them. Also, some kids use computers to cheat on homework and homework, and I'm sure a lot of people will agree that this doesn't help education for schools. Another reason that @ MONTH1 computers do not benefit society is their danger. Sexual predators are robbing the internet, and many people are telling strangers on the internet that @ MONTH1 is dangerous without even realizing it. A third reason why computers @ MONTH1 do not help society @ CAPS2 you can see, I am very sensitive to the negative effects that computers have on society, for many reasons. hope you will agree with me
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 the men and women who write everyday for a living, I would like @ CAPS2 for you to write comments on computers. They teach @ LOCATION3 from faraway places, help build hand-eye coordination, and let @ LOCATION3 talk online. Computers are part of everyday life and we need to talk about them. First of all, the computer allows @ LOCATION3 to learn about faraway places without leaving the rooms. One of my mom's friends, they decide to move to @ LOCATION2, she didn't like the computer so didn't look at @ LOCATION2's laws saying, I'll find out when I'm there. "@ CAPS2 discovered the laws she couldn't find enough because she was arrested several times during her early years. A few months after her last arrest she returned to @ LOCATION3 where she was able to s occupy laws. @ LOCATION2 is a wealthy country and all arrests were accidents because she didn't know the laws. Ten minutes on the computer looking up the laws in @ LOCATION2 could have kept her at @ LOCATION1. Then the calculations improve hand-eye coordination. According to a poll @ PERCENT1, children who spend more time on computers are better at tennis and baseball than others. @ PERSON3, a gym teacher at @ ORGANIZATION2 says , "@ CAPS3 of those kids who spend time on the computer are weak and need to exercise. Dear Local Newspaper: @ CAPS1 you being the local newspaper, you have the power to say what you think about the effects computers give to people. I believe that computers give great effects to people because they teach hand-eye coordination, give people the opportunity to learn from distant places, and they allow you to talk to people. Altogether @ PERCENT2 people agree with my idea on computers. First, the use of computers teaches people hand-eye coordination. For example, my grandmother told me that she knew how to use her hands and eyes well thanks to the computer. This is because she types and searches for information all day. Overall, computers are designed to help your eyes and hands focus better. Second, computers have a lot of interesting information about distant places. @ PERSON2 from @ ORGANIZATION1 quotes : "I always use computers for my job because it helps me learn a lot of new things. @ CAPS5, it allows my wife and I to research details of a trip we wish to take . " @ CAPS5, people agree with what @ PERSON2 has said. However @ MONTH1 people say computers give wrong information many times but @ CAPS2 you find a wonderful website it will never lie to you. Thirly, @ CAPS2 you are using computers, it will allow you to chat online or video chat with friends or family all over the world. It benefits you because @ CAPS2 you haven't seen your loved ones in ages and you can't buy ticket to visit them and then video chat. It has brought people together so much and you see the world in a whole new way. @ CAPS5, instead of wasting all your cell phone minutes, buy a laptop or computer with a camera on it so you can video chat. Finally, it is important to take an interest in people and be active in the lives of others. In conclusion, you will have excellent eye coordination, you will be able to search for distant places, and you will still be allowed to video chat or talk to your family online. @ CAPS5, I want you to tell the world that computers are useful and people use them every day without a problem. Finally you will have the best feeling ever @ CAPS2 making everyone smile knowing that you think spending time on the computer can teach you a lot ! With so many students having better hand-eye coordination, they will enjoy what they are good at like tennis. @ PERSON1, a professor of the human body at @ ORGANIZATION1 says "Technology helps the eye. Many who use computers more than others to be better at @ CAPS6 @ CAPS7 and games in that sense." This shows how the hand-eye and exercise relate to the computer. In addition, computers help @ LOCATION3 talk to other people. When a child goes to college, they will always be able to email their family and talk to them. Talking with others on the computer makes the world go round. Global businesses need computers to contact each other to discuss plans on how to move into the economy. Finally, computers are useful and should be of use more. They teach @ LOCATION3 from faraway places, improve hand-eye coordination, and let @ LOCATION3 talk to other people. @ CAPS2 an article is made to show pros or computers, more people will discover its wonders.
Dear Local Newspaper, Computers are used by millions of people every day. I believe that computer technology has a positive effect on people. I think computers have a positive effect on people because people use them for research. People use computers to communicate with people who are far away. Computers are even used as a source of information. In my opinion, computers make it easier. Computers have a positive effect on people because they are very useful. You can use computers to research different things. @ CAPS1 you have a computer, you can learn new things about places you didn't know existed. For example, @ CAPS1, you have an assignment, you don't need to use a book to get information, you can just use your computer. So for these reasons, I think computers have a positive effect on people. Computers are still used for several things. However, I think people used computers the most for communication. On a computer, you can communicate with friends and family members who live in other states. Instead of sending letters to people by post these days people are using email and instant messages. You can talk to people faster this way and it's a lot easier. Computers have a positive effect on people. It makes some things in life a lot easier. I don't understand why they would have a negative effect on people. It's the year @ DATE1, and computers are used for almost everything. Remember how we used to read the newspaper to find out about the latest news and important things? Well, since we have computers, a lot of people don't read newspapers. On the computer you can read the whole newspaper and even find out more about what is happening in our world. So what's the point of reading the newspaper, @ CAPS1 you have a computer? I believe computers have a positive effect on people's lives because you can do anything on the computer. You can research information, communicate with people, and use them as a source of information. Doesn't that make life a lot easier? So why do some people think that computers have a negative effect on people?
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 your everyday computer can be a mess of your life. The time you spend on the computer can rob you of your time spent exercising and enjoying nature, distracting you from things of human nature such as communication, and can also waste tons of time. energy. Imagine sitting at your desk talking to friends online. Take off your computer and all you're doing is sitting there, not burning a calorie or exercising a muscle, [expect your fingers] @ CAPS2 don't you think you should do something more useful in your life ? Like taking a walk and enjoying nature? That's what I thought. Nature is beautiful. So is @ CAPS4 taking advantage of it through a window next to your desktop ? obesity is a problem in @ LOCATION1. @ PERCENT1 of @ CAPS3 are considered "fat" @ CAPS4 would you even think of spending your day just sitting on a chair ? Hit the gym and lose some of that extra body weight! Communicating through @ CAPS5 is so overrated that people cannot express their emotions ! all they can do is send a smiley face or a happy face. Communication with only your friends can make you miss things. For example, let's say there's a cancellation at your workplace on the news, but you @ CAPS2 can't see it because you were @ CAPS6-ing with your friend. @ CAPS6 ? @ PERCENT2 people @ CAPS2 haven't even "laughed out loud" @ CAPS7 they are sending it to their friends. Moreover, you @ MONTH1 even go to your friends' house, your house and instead of laughing you will say @ CAPS6. Are instead of gasping, you say, "@ CAPS9!" I mean, come on folks, get out there and really ' connect ' @ CAPS10, so you bought one of these new lights ? Too bad you don't even save energy by @ CAPS1 on your computer daily. @ CAPS1 as @ CAPS11, uses about the same amount of energy as @ NUM1 regular bulbs in @ NUM2 hours, @ CAPS12 this light saves you a lot of money. Haven't you heard? the economy is bad which means @ CAPS2 doesn't have a lot of money which means YOU playing games online wastes energy which wastes money. Someone's going to have to work overtime this week, and it's not me. I @ CAPS2 don't think the hairspray is the cause of the destruction of the diaper ... Computers are bad and have no good enough reason to be used. They take advantage of nature, reduce your communication levels and, not to mention, waste a lot of energy. Therefore, my point is made.
I believe the reason people use the computer so much is that most people might have to work on the computer or even finish a project. But I understand the part where the article said "Some experts are concerned that people are spending too much time on their computers and less exercising." Most of the young teenagers use the computer at an early age and get addicted because there is so much to do on the computer like downloading games for free and playing with others. People all over the world, but you would think that anyone would play a video game on the computer and have some free time? NO! Most adults don't play computer games, they work or research an item. But after that, they will continue to do their daily routine, but many teens are on the computer every day and rarely exercise. Internet has opened up a lot of new and improved technologies, in the last few years you can search the web for old mabey old schoold friends or even chat with people you don't know from all over the world. You can have a @ NUM1 @ CAPS1 and buy a new song or albums instead of going to a local store, or even buy online if the clothes were brought to you. Over the years they never would and would rent movies or buy them to have them on your @ CAPS2.
Dear local newspaper, @ CAPS1 on a bright sunny day, people indoors on their computers instead of enjoying the good weather. This is what could happen if people use them. I believe that computers have a detrimental effect on people because their communication skills will decline, people will not exercise enough and their health can be compromised. As I mentioned, anyone who uses a computer on a daily basis will lose their communication skills. People enter chat rooms without knowing who they are talking to. For example, if I signed into a chat room, someone might ask for personal information such as your location, phone number, and name. It could lead to things like kidnapping and even rape. In addition, interactions with family members and friends @ MONTH1 are decreasing. You can play computer game, online or go to youtube to watch random videos of people. You tube in is said to be a dangerous site for young children. Kids can go to history to go to a website they recently visited when they click on the wrong one, which brings them an inappropriate website. Finally, teenagers and adults go to facebook & twitter. Some @ MONTH1 say these @ MONTH1 sites change social interactions, but they really aren't. Children and adults are constantly addicted to it. Plus, telling people what you're doing every moment of your day is a bit unreal. People don't need to know when you are doing things in your day, I have to keep going, our communication skills will definitely decline. Second, exercise is a problem. Doctors say their parents @ PERCENT1 are obese or overweight according to @ ORGANIZATION1. The child sits at home and plays computer games such as sims @ NUM1 and video chat with their friends instead of hanging out with them. No one is really going for a walk anymore either. Plus, people don't go out and enjoy nature like you. @ PERSON1, a @ LOCATION1 state of @ LOCATION1 in @ LOCATION2 said, "Every year the number of people is getting smaller and smaller. Soon all the parks are going to have to close." @ CAPS2 doesn't want that to happen, does it ? I know I wouldn't. Our generations are more and more perfected by technology. Finally, more and more people are becoming unhealthy. A person's eyesight is more likely to deteriorate if they are on the computer every day. My aunt has to use her computer every day at work. She went to her eye doctor because her vision had become weaker. One of the first questions he asked was : Do you use a computer every day ? she answered yes. He said she would need catarak eye surgery. It was all due to the use of a computer. Finally, you might get arthritis in your hands and fingers from typing and using the mouse all the time. A lot of people by the age of forty are probably going to need hand surgeries because of all the work they do, like ! As you can see, technology is interfering with your communication skills, exercise and health. I bet you don't want your future generations to be like this. So get involved and contact your local newspaper today.
Dear @ CAPS1, I believe that computers have a negative effect on people's lives. Computers occupy a lot of time which could be used for other matters. The internet also contains a lot of inappropriate content that children should not see. Most importantly, there are too many petafiles online that prey on young children. These are all ways that computers have a negative effect on people's lives. Computers take up so much precious time that could be used for other more important matters. The rate of childhood obesity in America is on the rise. There is no doubt that electronics play a huge role in this event. For example, my brother plays on the computer every day, so he hardly ever goes out. He let the computer and the Internet occupy his life, leaving no room for anything else. There is also a lot of content. Ranging from songs to websites with pornography. most sites don't even warn you that you must be @ NUM1 or older to view the content, and very few actually ask for proof. There are millions of sites with such content. This is truly an urgent matter and needs to be addressed. Above all, there are millions of creeps on the internet, preying on children as young adolescents. It is really disgusting. There are millions of chat sites that people can meet and meet. Petafiles goes to these websites under an alias, masquerading as teenagers and children. Their motivation, attracting young adolescents to meet them in a safe place and commit rape. Some victims are enough to speak out, but unfortunately most are too afraid or ashamed to do so, all of this is made possible by the Internet. For these reasons, I say that computers have a negative effect on the life of computers, because some advantages, but unfortunately, outweigh the weight of the advantages, such as those who previously mentioned the occupation of time, content on the Internet. I truly believe the planet would be better off without computers.
I think we can all agree that the use of the computer is a very controversial issue. In my opinion, I believe that computers have a negative effect on people. For example, it's not safe and kids can get into all kinds of things on the internet. In addition, people spend too much time in front of the computer these days, @ CAPS1, it is a major distraction and also a negative effect on children. school work. It's now or never! Do we decide that computers have a negative effect? You decide! Isn't the safety of their children the biggest concern of all parents? When on the Internet, children are able to access anything and everything. Sometimes kids don't even look for the wrong things, they just show up. Would you like your child to see things over which you have no control? Additionally, websites like @ CAPS2.com are one of the biggest internet security concerns. Although you are supposed to have at least @ NUM1 to have an @ CAPS2, most children lie about their age. Did you know that @ NUM2 users on @ NUM3 @ CAPS2 are lying about their age ? And it's not always a @ NUM4 year old who says they are @ NUM1, it could be a @ NUM6 year old who says they are @ NUM7 ! Not only do people lie about their age, they lie about who they are. Is this the kind of internet exposure you want for your kids ? End it now ! More of @ PERCENT1 from @ CAPS3 are overweight and in poor health. This is another negative effect that computers have on people. It's a wonderful day @ DATE1. Bright blue sky, clouds beard candy, the sun is shining and there is a nice warm pants. Perfect day to get out and exercise, isn't it ? Wrong! No one would be @ CAPS5 inside the computer. Instead of going for a walk, folks @ CAPS5 would spend hours on facebook. It is a serious concern for our health. People don't exercise enough as it is, and then when you add computers, people will never be active ! Instead of playing video games online, people should be reminded that turning off the computer and playing a fun game of baseball is just as fun and much more beneficial. This is just one step @ CAPS3 must take to adopt a healthier lifestyle. Don't you agree? Did you know that children who spend more time on the computer are more likely to perform poorly in school ? Surely, if nothing else can convince you of the negative effects of a computer, it will be @ CAPS5 that to come home and do your homework, more time is spent in front of the computer. As a student, I will admit that the computer is a very tempting distraction and can easily take a student away from their studies. You can't expect a child to make the right decision and tell him that he has to leave because he needs to study. So you do it ! Act now, or your child will certainly suffer. Now is the time to decide. Do you think computers have a negative effect on people? It is clear that the computer is not secure. Not to mention the fact that too much time is spent on the computer instead of being active. Most importantly, computers will negatively affect children's grades. Don't wait a minute longer! Let's agree and do something about it !
Dear @ PERSON1, computers are very useful in daily activities, but computers have a bad side. Some users are addicted to their @ CAPS1 or @ CAPS2, they are away from their friends and family, and they don't exercise it if it's fun to use the @ CAPS4 but you shouldn't use it too much ! Some people are almost addicted to their @ CAPS4. I can't blame them, they can charge their ipod, tweet, listen to music, play games and much more at the same time! computers are great, but using too much can cause you to miss tons of activities. People almost feel (some do) that they MUST go to Facebook to harvest their crops in the Farm Town, or check their @ LOCATION1 on @ CAPS3. They are so engrossed in it that they miss out on their important daily activities. It shouldn't be that because it's become an epidemic, everyone is sucked into their computers! People who are on their @ CAPS4 @ NUM1 are far from their friends and family ! they're like oh i didn't mention his surgery i wonder how he's doing! Let's see! They keep going and you can talk to someone with one click! Talking to someone on Facebook or Twitter is not the same as talking to them in person! It's like people think @ CAPS4 Computers keep people away from their friends and family and only talk on Facebook . When people on @ CAPS4, they get lazy ! Someone who is addicted to @ CAPS4 will say "@ CAPS5 supposed to be going to their gym but let me check my twitter first!" two hours later, they go to the gym! People don't exercise as often as they should! When people lay down on the @ CAPS4 for @ NUM2 minutes, it takes @ NUM3 hours ! They have to log in, chat with their friends, check their mail, watch their tweets, watch their restaurant, watch youtuve videos and do all kinds of stuff! Computers are good, but they have the side effects of getting addicted, being away from friends and family, and not exercising. @ CAPS4 addicts should minimize their time on @ CAPS4 !
Dear Diary, @ CAPS1 is concerned that people are using too much computers and not spending enough time outdoors enjoying nature or exercising. I wrote this letter to tell you that there are good things about using the computer. First, kids and even adults can talk to their friends online. Your popley thinks the kids are already friends at school but @ CAPS2 has moved them. They could have moved to a different city, state or even country and the only @ MONTH1 to connect with them is from They can't call each other @ CAPS2 they are very far away that would be a nice phone bill. Seventy-five percent of people talk to their friends on a computer. About half of people talk to friends who live in another state. or country. Do you really want people to lose their friends? Then people can make new friends on the computer, like pen pals. Penpals are people you write to, but they don't live in your state or sometimes even in the same country. homework but you can do it on your @ CAPS2 your correspondent does not live in the same country as you and does not speak fluently @ CAPS3 you can teach them @ CAPS3 and they can teach you these languages. Finally, there are children who can go. You could limit their computer time. Some want to play a game on the "@ CAPS5, you can play on the computer away from it the next day. @ CAPS2 wants to go on the computer that day and throw a turn of ten, the parent should take away the computer for the next one and so on and so on. Once your child finally cooperates, he will be able to use the computer. As you can see, there is a lot of things to do on the computer from talking to distant friends to make new friends a computer schedule Thank you for taking the time to read this letter.
Dear local newspaper: @ CAPS1, you know that more than half of our country has personal computers? Recently, however, some experts have questioned whether or not computers benefit society. I was asked to give my opinion and I think computers have a positive effect as they are mandatory for work, allow online socialization and increase travel. After reading this I'm sure you will agree. First, computers are required for work and @ ORGANIZATION1. Students keep their essays, study guides, and homework updates in @ CAPS5 files. Offices would not be able to run @ CAPS8 computers ; workers rely on the Internet messaging system. An interview with a student from @ ORGANIZATION1 says: "I use my @ CAPS5 for everything; I would not survive the @ CAPS8 @ CAPS3 workload." @ CAPS2 asked why, he replied, "@ CAPS3 keeps everything organized and is an easier way to search for topics." One lawyer said, "You can't help a client if you don't have the right tools, and a @ CAPS5 is on @ MONEY1 those tools." @ CAPS4, @ CAPS8 IT desks would collapse and student grades would drop. Can you imagine writing a journal @ CAPS8 a @ CAPS5? Second, Internet access allows people to meet new people. Many websites such as '@ CAPS6' and '@ CAPS7' allow people to reconnect with old friends and make new ones. @ PERCENT1 @ MONEY1 the nation has accounts on socializing websites, and @ PERCENT2 @ MONEY1 the nation says their groups of friends have extended to groups (according to a poll). A psychologist explains : “ Some people are too shy to meet new friends in person ; flourish online. » @ CAPS8 internet, the citizens @ MONEY1 @ LOCATION1 would know little about the inhabitants of other countries. My next reason, however, is even greater. Finally, @ CAPS8 internet, people would travel less. The Internet allows citizens to search for places they would like to visit and to purchase transportation to their destination. @ CAPS3 is also a simple and efficient way to book @ MONEY1 where the tourist is to stay. A poll by airports @ ORGANIZATION2 shows that @ PERCENT3 @ MONEY1 travelers book their flights online and @ CAPS8 ticketing online “ the wait to book your flights would be unbearable ; or stop the travelers altogether ”(quote from a worker). My people and I have been to various airports and train stations across the country and interviewed @ NUM1 people each. We asked how they bought their tickets and @ PERCENT4 @ MONEY1 told them online. "@ CAPS9 you mean, how? On the internet @ MONEY1 run! Nobody could go anywhere if we were in line all day!" said one interviewee. Airports earn @ MONEY1 for government @ LOCATION2 and @ CAPS8 on the Internet, fewer people would travel. There for, computers are compulsory. Computers have a positive effect on homeowners; because they allow for easy organization and search, online socialization and better ways of booking @ MONEY1 transport. @ CAPS8 computers with Internet access, our business would collapse, then the economy would follow. I know you agree with me.
Dear @ PERSON1, the advanced technology shows a very negative effect on people. Because of computers, people spend too much time on the computer and less time doing things that are best for them. First, spending too much time on the computer can be detrimental to your health in many ways. For example, staring at a shiny computer screen for more than @ NUM1 min at a time is extremely bad for your eyes. Brightness damages your eyes and can cause severe vision loss. Plus, if you spend all of your time indoors and on the computer, you won't get the size of the exercise you need. @ PERSON1, did you know that for every @ NUM2 min you are on the computer, you should spend @ NUM2 min outside. It is very important to have fresh air, sunlight, and exercise. Also, another problem with computers is that you don't get as much interaction with people. With live chat, you can't tell how the other person, @ PERSON1, is feeling or if you are even talking to another person who you think you are talking to. It is much better to interact with people in person, face to face. To be in good social health, you need to hang out with friends, laugh and have a good time, not just sit in a dark room and talk with friends online. @ PERSON1, people need to interact with real people. In addition, computers can be very distracting for many people. For example, @ PERSON1, let's say you have to type an article for the newspaper on the computer, but decide to play a game for a minute, or search for something, or talk with a friend. You say it will only take a minute and then you type the article. But when you suddenly stop you have been playing for @ NUM4 hours. Then you have to stay up later to finish. Computers are extremely entertaining. People of all ages have this problem of being distracted by computers and not working. In conclusion, computers, although being a technological advance, have very negative side effects. @ PERSON1, I think it's our job to tell people about the negative side effects of computers. It's our job to help people overcome the side effects of computers. Please @ PERSON1 we have to help people by writing an article in the newspaper warning them about the terrible effects of computers.
Dear local newspaper, I think computers are good because you get to know other people like famous people who did it a long time ago. Computers are good because you can learn about other places like @ LOCATION2, @ LOCATION1, Texas. Learning from other places is fun. Having a computer is great because you can browse the web, you can play games, see and many other times that you will like. You could talk to friends from afar. By talking about mySpace or Yahoo and other websites, you can talk to different people you have met.
Man has always been interested in technology. Computers are only one part. I think computers have a positive effect on people. They teach hand-eye coordination, save trees, and let people learn everything. Hand-eye coordination is a key part of our everyday life. Driving a car or writing poor hand-eye coordination. I remember a few years ago I didn't have good hand-eye coordination I had trouble catching a ball. Today I spend up to an hour and a half on computers. I have noticed that my hand is getting sharper and I can now catch a ball with ease. Do you want to be the one to crash your car because you have poor hand eye coordination ? Computers not only increase your hand-eye coordination, but they also save trees. Using a computer does not require paper. You can read and write without using a single sheet of paper. Since the tree cutting computer @ PERCENT1 has shut down. Saving the trees helps us stay alive. Trees extinguish the oxygen we breathe. Some say that computers prevent people from spending less time enjoying nature. I think if it weren't for computers, we wouldn't have a lot of nature to enjoy anyway. Finally, the computer helps people all over the world to learn almost everything. I scince kid, the chief scientist says that "with the computer, we are able to probe the world for our discoveries a lot." @ CAPS1. @ PERSON1 says "@ CAPS2 a lot of people lay dead at the computer, they learn @ CAPS2 a lot of nutritional facts from health sites". Thanks to the computer, we found a doctor to help my father with his treatment. Average people can learn unusual things any day. There are even dictionaries on the Internet with many different translations that you would normally need on @ NUM1 books to do. The computer is one of the greatest technological advances to date. It has helped our world to be @ CAPS2 in so many ways. Hand-eye coordination is @ CAPS2 important and preserves our environment. If you don't have knowledge, you can't go anywhere in life. Our senses around the world are.
Guaranteed, in @ NUM1 years we will still be using computers, they will probably talk to friends, research something, or type something for @ ORGANIZATION1. Computers are wonderful and allow us to do so many things that we cannot do on our own. Without computers, life as we know it would probably be much different. First, computers allow us to talk to our friends and family. Allowing us to communicate with each other without leaving the safety of our homes. You see, just recently a girl from @ CAPS1 went to her friends' house to do homework together. When they were done, the girl tried to walk home, and we never saw her again. With computers, we can do our homework with our friends without leaving our homes. Obviously, without computers, life as we know it would be very different. Second, computers allow us to research things we don't know. Allowing us to do projects without having to search through old books that may not have the info. looking if it was to search @ ORGANIZATION1, that would give me a map showing its location and the school website where I can find my homework for that evening. As you can see, the computer allows you to do things that would take us much longer to do on a regular basis. Without a doubt, without computer life as we know it it would probably be very different @ CAPS2, computers allow us to do our homework, whether it is research or just typing something, it allows us to do more capable things. Most of our daily homework is done on the computer. Just @ DATE1, we had to type a prompt on the vending machines in our @ ORGANIZATION1. So far in the @ NUM2 class almost every night our homework is on the @ CAPS3 if we forgot to write down our homework we would have another to get this information. Obviously, without computers, life as we know it would be very different. In addition, computers are evolving in the area of technology that they are constantly using. Computers allow us to search for valuable information. about things in the world. They allow us to talk to our friends and family all over the world. They @ CAPS3 help us achieve great things in @ ORGANIZATION1, whether it's homework or class homework. Without them, you would have to double to triple the time it takes to do something without them. Finally, I believe that the people who are against them just did not use them in the right way.
I think the effects of the computer are bad, these are my three reasons why I think it's bad; @ CAPS1, the computer can make people blind when they spend too much time or hours on their computer, @ CAPS2, people need to relax their vision and do something rather than on their computers, @ CAPS3 , people need to use computers in less time. These are the three reasons why I think computer effects are bad. The reason @ CAPS1 I think computer effects are bad is because the computer might cause blindness in people when they spend too much time on their computer because the computer screen has too much light, people cannot just stop staring at the monitor and worse yet, they could possibly lose their sight and eventually go blind. This is why you have to step away from the screen, but staying too long on your computer is bad. This is my @ CAPS1 why I think computer effects are bad because the computer might blind people when they spend too much time on their computer. The reason @ CAPS2 I think computer effects are bad is because people need to relax their vision and do something rather than on their computers because when people spend too much time on their computers, they just can't go down the stairs to talk with their family of friends, they couldn't go out and enjoy the glory of nature and the fun of the outside world, and also if they had nothing they can just read a book, draw, watch @ CAPS4, etc. They could do these things rather than wasting their time on their computers. This is my @ CAPS2 reason why I think computer effects are bad is that people need to relax their vision and do something rather than on their computers. The last reason I think computer effects are bad is that people need to use their computers for less time because when people use their computers for less time it is good because now they can finally be with their family and friends and spend so much time with them. It is also good for saving energy, and you avoid paying a lot of electricity bill, and also it is good to finally let your eye sight relax. In conclusion, the three reasons; @ CAPS1, the computer could blind people when they spend too much time on their computer. @ CAPS2 people need to relax their vision and do something rather than on their computer, and @ CAPS3 people need to use their computers for less time will prove that the effects of the computer, I think, are very bad.
Dear editor, I think people use computers a lot and don't benefit as much as they lose, people exercise less, don't see nature, and don't spend a lot of quality time with their families. and their friends. Read on to find out more. First of all, people don't exercise enough. Especially children, they spend too much time on computers and become overweight. America is in crisis of childhood obesity. So the computer got involved. Many adults are overweight because they sit in front of computers and play games all day. I think computers are more unhealthy for us. Second, people don't go on hikes or trips to see the beauties of nature. Earth has a lot to offer, new things to explore and discover. People can discover many wonders. Finding new species is something you need to explore in nature: animals, fish, plants, there are many waiting to be discovered. Reason @ NUM1 why computers do not benefit us. Third, family and friends aren't spending as much quality time as they should. Realistic people you talk to via computers, why not talk to them in real life. friends chatting online on facebook, aiming, things like that, why not talk to each other in person and have fun memories with each other? More kids spend time on the computer than sitting down to eat a family meal together and experimenting with what a family should be talking about. Reason @ NUM2 on why computers don't benefit us. In conclusion, computers are taking over our minds and not getting much exercise. See the beauty of nature and spend less with their families.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3, experts fear that people are spending too much time on their computers which is harmful to their health. They are wrong. Computers help people communicate, learn, and even be entertained. For these reasons, computers are good. Computers help people communicate with family and friends. Some people @ MONS1 think phones are better than computers for communication purposes, but computers are longer distance and you will never get a busy signal. Some telephone services are very expensive and cost even more for long distance calls. With a computer, however, you can send emails anywhere in the world ... at no additional cost. In addition, with a computer, you are never put on hold or hear a busy signal. You just send your message and then do whatever you want while waiting for a response. Computers also help educate people. Many people take courses, especially college courses, online. In fact, about half of the people taking college courses right now ... aren't even in school ! This can help many people who work most of the day because they can get their degree in their. Plus, computers can help people with little things like “ where is the nearest @ ORGANIZATION1 ” or “ how much is something ”. Computers can help people plan vacations or learn about a country on the other side of the earth. Computers can also provide entertainment for people. People who need something to cheer them up can watch a fun video with the click of a button. Someone who is bored could play one of the countless games that have been created, and range from unnecessary to addicting, tiny to huge. For all @ CAPS4 enthusiasts, the computer is an alternative. An alternative where the songs don't cost money, and neither do the music videos. Of course, computers don't fit in your pocket, but there's always a laptop. From what you've just read, it should be easy to see that computers improve people's lives as they provide education, communication, and entertainment.
Computers, a subject @ LOCATION1 if you ask me. Of course, they are not very good for you, that doesn't mean that if you use them correctly it can be a source of life. Computers are useful in many ways, they can be an information post. Social media can help your children become more interactive with the world. During school, children have projects and no computers. Read on as I will explain to you in details. Computers, as you know, are one of the best information stations in the world. @ NUM1 in ten respondents said computers are a daily value, Haiti earthquake is recovering, but half the world wouldn't know that without computers, so have a heart and n do not take away the most valuable information in the world. Second, what would you say if I told you that children are more socially backward than ever ! Well that's true. More than @ NUM2 people around the world rely on attractive websites to communicate with each other. In fact, children have more friends on the Internet than ever before. You don't want to be the @ LOCATION1 in all of this, is yours known as the person who kept the kids from living ? I do not think so. Finally, everyone in school uses computers to do projects eg @ PERSON2 had horrible handwriting and it was the biggest project of the year. So he turned his computer to type it, he gets along fine. But what if there was a computer (@ CAPS1) ! @ PERSON2 would have obtained a @ CAPS2 - for the project. In fact, teachers @ CAPS3 wear tell kids to type hw / projects. @ PERSON1 says "@ CAPS3 years old kids pass my typing class and if they do, they will all fail !" @ CAPS4 got it, but most importantly, you ?! In summary, for those of you lazy enough not to read this story essay. Computers are used for everyday needs such as finding information. Make friends or make plans. So are you going to be the person who sits down and lets it happen or are you going to get up and stop the madness once and for all. It's your choice, but think about society's silly and retarded children failing @ CAPS3 year.
Dear newspaper readers, @ CAPS1 do you spend several hours a day on the computer ? In this modern world, @ CAPS2 @ MONTH1 seems hard to tear away from that trusty computer screen and face life. Almost everyone at @ LOCATION1 has a computer, about @ PERCENT1, and @ CAPS2 is ruining our country. With all these hours wasted in the virtual world, people are lacking in exercise, which leads to a lot of problems. They also avoid nature outdoors and lose contact with family and friends. I think computers cause way too much of a problem and maybe, with a little consideration @ ORGANIZATION1 my proofs, you might come to think the same. Statistically, @ ORGANIZATION1 is the most overweight country. An @ ORGANIZATION1 the reasons? @ ORGANIZATION1 hours sitting at the computer replace healthy exercise @ CAPS3 spend all of our lives on the computer, and sitting and clicking is not exercise. The great lack of exercise @ ORGANIZATION1 causes health problems. Failure to exercise can lead to obesity, which causes severe damage to the joints. Then diabetes grows, taking the quality @ ORGANIZATION1 out of your life. Finally, there is heart disease, one of the leading causes of death in our country. All this while spending time on the computer? you @ MONTH1 ask @ CAPS4 how much time @ ORGANIZATION1 spends on @ CAPS3 on computers is much more damaging than that. Every day is beautiful in its own way, and sometimes @ CAPS2 is beautiful for us, saying that what is beautiful for us (when @ CAPS2 comes outside) is clear skies and a warm temperature. These days happen quite often, but what is @ ORGANIZATION1 doing ? Take a look out the window and start texting again on that laptop @ ORGANIZATION2. Our bodies need this @ CAPS5, @ CAPS5 @ CAPS6. @ CAPS3 gets @ CAPS2 from the sun, and without going out, @ CAPS3 does not get @ CAPS2. not traveling outdoors deprives our body @ ORGANIZATION1 of an important @ CAPS5. @ CAPS2 affects more than our health, so @ CAPS7 inside the computer prevents us from having a real experience. @ CAPS3 learns things on the computer, but only virtually. What happens when @ CAPS3 is forced into the real world and really can't do anything ? Everyone loves having friends and family, so @ CAPS2 doesn't make sense why @ CAPS3 would rather send them emails with trivial things instead of @ ORGANIZATION1 talking. Instant messaging doesn't really connect people, because conversations are scheduled, you have time to think, so the person doesn't know what you would actually say. It weakens the bonds between people, and once @ CAPS3 can no longer work together, even with family, @ ORGANIZATION1 can no longer work together at all, and no one wants that. Computers remove too much to spend so much time on it. Obviously, they are bad for people. Not only do they actually cause obesity, but they make us believe that @ CAPS3 can really do things @ CAPS3 can only do virtually and keep loved ones apart. @ CAPS2 ruin @ LOCATION1. A country cannot be sick, useless and isolated. It's time for @ CAPS2 to get away from the computer and move on to real life before @ LOCATION1 is demolished by these effects that computers cause.
Dear journal @ CAPS1, I read again that some people disagree with computers. They believe people use them all the time. I disagree with them. One of my examples of why I don't agree is because they give a person the opportunity to talk to someone. It's a good idea! What if your friend moved to a few states, wouldn't you still want to communicate ? Well with high long distance rates many can't afford it and how would you see your friend over? Well, if you send her pictures or a web video chat, you can ! Also, it's a great idea if you want to send a little message like "see you soon at @ NUM1", instead of saying it on the phone, and paying more, when it's free on the computer. The computer also teaches eye-hand coordination which is important to use in the world. You can play games, do quizzes and tests, go to school on the internet, even listen to music, it's important for us to express. There are also sites that allow you to learn to use a keyboard, and to work with electronics like a computer! And finally, the computer gives you the ability to see distant places without even being there. It helps you get a project done in a place you've never been, plan a family reunion or vacation, or find a place where you can have fun under the bright sun, many people think too much. people stay in front of their computers only to exercise and be outdoors. To avoid this, they should simply limit themselves to the amount of computer and electronic time they have per day, and then go to a remote location for exercise. Thus, the computer teaches hand-eye coordination, allows you to talk to others, and allows you to see distant places. Don't you think it's awesome? Think about it.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION2 (our local newspaper), @ CAPS1 brought to my attention that more and more people have started to use computers. This is a big step forward in our society! Computers have a positive impact on people because they teach hand-eye coordination, give people the opportunity to learn about faraway places and people, and even allow people to talk online with other people. . @ ORGANIZATION1, computers have a big impact ! First, computers have a positive impact on people because they teach hand-eye coordination. It is useful in everyday life all the time! Statistics show that sports players who own computers are @ PERCENT1 more skilled at things that require their hands (like baseball or basketball) than those who do not have computers. Owning a computer also improves the way you use your hands in other activities. Something as simple as driving a car while washing dishes is made easier by the improved hand-eye coordination provided by computers. It's a fantastic effect that computers have on people. In addition to the hand-eye coordination taught by computers, they also help you discover distant places and people. This splendid information is easier to acquire with the help of computer technology. “@ CAPS2 I did not use my laptop for my @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 report,” says @ PERSON1 and @ NUM1 student, “I would never finish. Books take so long and I have learned so much about my subject from my computer! " @ CAPS2 you go on vacation, you can easily search the location and culture of your destination with this advanced search engine. Why wouldn't you use a computer when you learn so much from them? Finally, computers have a positive effect on people because they help them communicate with each other. They have plenty of ways to video chat, message @ CAPS6, and even speak aloud to whoever you want to communicate with. “ I had to get away from my best friend on @ DATE1, ” says @ PERSON3, @ LOCATION1 resident, “ With my computer we can always talk to each other and be friends. " Computers are definitely a great way to communicate with friends and family. Computers have a positive impact on people because they teach hand-eye coordination, empower people to learn about distant places and people ; and even allow people to talk to each other online. So, @ PERSON2, the growing number of computer users is a beautiful thing ! Ask yourself the following question : How would computers have a positive effect in your life ?
Dear Diary, In my opinion, computers benefit society because a computer is like a large electronic dictionary and they help our soldiers stay out of the line of sight. Computers benefit our society because they are like an electronic encyclopedia. Instead of going through a dictionary page by page trying to find a word, all you would have to do is go to the internet, type @ LOCATION1 and in the search box type the word and it all displays. When I have to write an article about someone, I usually use the Internet. The other day I had to write an article on @ PERSON1, so I went on the internet, found a website, took some notes, wrote them in my own words and I created a work called page. I thought it was easier than finding the time to make one and only find children's books on that person. And you can also search for places like @ CAPS1 @ LOCATION2, or if you need to know where a place is, use @ ORGANIZATION1. Computers also benefit our society because they are like big cell phones with a huge keyboard. My big sister is still on the computer using @ CAPS2 to talk to her friends. It helped her learn to type. There are also new things like @ CAPS3 where you can play games with your friend and talk to them while you play. Finally, computers benefit our society because they help keep our soldiers out of the line of fire. When I look at future weapons I see unnamed helicopters that can be controlled from hundreds of miles away. There is also a used robot that digs mines which saves many lives. When I interviewed @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5 from the military he said : "@ CAPS6 uses these helicopters all the time. @ CAPS6 also likes the fact that no one has to be in the helicopters, so @ CAPS6 doesn't to worry." In conclusion, computers benefit our society because they are like big electronic encyclopedias, they are also like big cell phones with huge keyboards, and lastly they help keep our soldiers out of sight. At school @ CAPS6 uses computers all the time to write articles and research different things.
Technology, like computers, is very important. I believe that computers have a good effect on people. People who use computers mainly use it to connect with family, do research, or for treatment and not write it down on paper. I believe that people who don't think that computers have a good effect on people shouldn't waste their time using one. @ PERCENT1 some people only use the computer to connect with their families. Usually your family lives far away or in another state and you don't see them very often. This is why I think video chatting on the computer is a good thing. A family also shows up, you can @ CAPS1-mail @ CAPS2 your family members instead of calling them as they would talk to you forever. Lastley, if you use myspace, facebook or twitter, you can connect with old friends and not just your family. “@ CAPS2 my teachers enjoy when I use the computer to do my job, they said it was a lot cleaner,” said @ CAPS3 romano from Strong Middle School. Teachers prefer it when you use computers to do your work. When writing a book report or writing a story, you would want to use a computer word to write your article so that it is easier for teachers to read. Also, if you are in science class and need to create the graph, you would like to use exal to make the graph or chart more professional. Finally, if you wanted to present the bloody @ DATE1 or the little new @ CAPS4, you would want to use a power point instead of just reading note cards. If people didn't have Google or Yahoo they wouldn't know what to do, computers are great for research. If a student is presenting on something, they would like to know more and look at it, the topic facing up. Also, if your family were chatting at dinner and you had no idea what they were talking about, you would look for her online, well if you just wanted to find the lyrics to a song because you and a friend are not. disagree on something. Again, I think computers have a good effect on people, good for connecting with friends and family. Good for being groomed and finally good for looking for anything !
Dear Diary, Computers have come a long way since their inception. Some people see computers as a way to rot your brain, while others see it as a learning device. Although computers have a negative effect on children, they have a more positive effect as they give people the opportunity to learn about distant places and allow people to talk to each other online. For starters, computers are bad because they can be used to babysit. When you're on the computer, you're just sitting there staring at a screen with pictures and words on it. Some parents use the computer to keep their children quiet, instead of taking the time to go out. Growing up in such an environment, children only know how to play on the computer. Children have a lot of energy and they need to do something productive, not playing computer games and talking to their friends. All day at school they have been talking to their friends, they need to be with their family to do something to keep them fit and healthy. By using the computer as a babysitter, you as a parent lead your child to obesity because he only plays games and does not take good care of his body. On the other hand, computers give people the ability to learn about distant places and people. If your teacher gave you a last minute written essay on @ LOCATION2 that needed to be done within a week, what would you do ? You cannot fly to @ LOCATION2 and ask people @ CAPS1 what you want to know. It would be a waste of time and money. And if you go to the library and they don't have any books, then you're in trouble. But using the computer, you can find endless information about @ LOCATION2, and you can complete this test in a day if you want. Also, if you went to @ LOCATION4, but didn't know anything about @ LOCATION4, you wouldn't be very confident to go. And you would feel like a tourist. But, if you went online and searched for @ LOCATION4, you might find the traditions, clothes, and more. Finally, if you wanted to know more about a famous person who is no longer there, you can go to the computer and find pictures and what they did, how they got famous, etc. Finally, computers allow people to talk online with other people. Suppose your grandmother lives at @ LOCATION3, and you can't call often because your phone bill is going to get high, what do you do then ? You talk online since you both have computers and it won't cost you to call. For example my grandma and grandpa both live at @ LOCATION1. When we call for them, it costs a lot because they are so far away. When they got a computer, we each bought a webcam and called them every day on @ ORGANIZATION1. Now, not only have we talked to them, but we are seeing them too. If your friend didn't have a phone and you really needed to ask him for homework, you could go online or video or Facebook and ask him. You know you can always get an answer because everyone is still on the computer at some point of the day. Although computers have a negative effect on children, they have more positive effects because they give people the opportunity to learn more about distant people and places, and they allow you to talk online with others. 'other people.
Dear Diary, I think computers have a lot of effect on people @ CAPS1 who don't get the exercise they need because they are just exercising with their fingers. And while he is at the computer, he looks at nothing other than the screen and it is not good for anyone's health if he only looks at a computer screen during the hole. . Another reason I think this affects folks @ CAPS1 who don't eat what they need to eat there, just to eat something quick like junk food so they can make it on the computer. All of these effects stay on the @ CAPS1 people go to places where they have atheria might not come out by the time their effects are due.
Dear @ LOCATION1, * @ CAPS1 *. Now I hear my favorite tracks from @ CAPS2. A few clicks here and type in a word and I watch a fun episode of "@ CAPS3 of @ CAPS4 # @ NUM1". I go to my @ CAPS5 page and feel the cool touches under my fingers as I send @ CAPS7 to my friend at @ LOCATION3. These are just some of the things I can do on my computer. As you can see I need my computer for a lot of things. I am all for the use of computers and think they are a useful resource. But @ CAPS6 doesn't stop now, I have a lot more reasons to use computers. It's not that bad. Mainly, if you want to save money on gas, @ CAPS6 don't use @ CAPS7 @ CAPS8 !! I can't stress @ CAPS7 enough to say that if you need to talk to a distant friend, @ CAPS6 don't drive and waste gas, or even waste money on long distance calls. Go to @ CAPS5, facebook, twitter, or whatever will save you gas and money. Some people want to talk to their friends at @ LOCATION2 but they @ CAPS6 don't have any of these computer sites. Pursue them too !! Another problem that some people face is, " You have to go out and exercise ." I only have one answer. Most people @ CAPS6 don't know the right ways to exercise. Then they end up getting hurt @ CAPS8. If they just went online and found out that they could do a painless, invaluable, fun, and highly effective workout, they wouldn't have so many physical and financial issues. Also, others are complaining that people need @ CAPS10 more in the wild. Well, I say, what if you come across a wild animal that you know nothing about, or if you got lost for days and didn't know what you could or couldn't eat? Like I say @ CAPS9, "@ CAPS9 @ CAPS10 @ CAPS11" remember @ ORGANIZATION1. Finally, if you're doing a report or something formal, you want @ CAPS7 to look pretty, right ? Well @ NUM2 on @ NUM3 people in @ LOCATION4 have messy handwriting and 9 / @ NUM3 teachers are confusing words that are poorly handwritten. This shows that if you are using a computer, @ CAPS7 will not only display the word you wrote, but also correct @ CAPS7 with a spell check. In conclusion, the use of a computer has many advantages. To recap, computers can save money, time and gas. Computers can provide useful information in the real world. They can also correct misspellings as well as prevent readability errors. Act now !!! Show others that there are benefits to using computers, show them all the wonders of this amazing machine, it is not only a waste of time but a lifeline.
Dear Diary, I think computers were one of the best things @ ORGANIZATION1 ever made. They allow you to talk to people in remote locations, help you educate yourself about career and education choices, and allow you to learn about many topics. Computers are there to help society avoid hurting it, so why shouldn't we be using them ? With @ CAPS5, we can talk to people around the world or in the @ CAPS2 space that matter. You may not know it, but all @ ORGANIZATION1 communications around the world need an @ CAPS5. There isn't the kind that anyone can get out of and yet. There are satalites, orbiting the planet from space, @ PERSON1, a teacher at @ ORGANIZATION1, told students at @ ORGANIZATION3 that "Lots @ ORGANIZATION1 of everyday items, such as rars and phones, all use some sort of @ ORGANIZATION1 @ CAPS5. " @ CAPS1 computers allow people to communicate with each other. In addition to enabling people to communicate, they help millions of people @ ORGANIZATION1 to make educational and professional choices. Most kids who go to college don't know much about @ ORGANIZATION1 universities there. When my sister chose the university she wanted to go to, she didn't know which one to choose. She sat down and searched for 100 schools @ ORGANIZATION1. after refining it, she made up her mind to choose @ ORGANIZATION4, an @ ORGANIZATION3 that she had never even heard @ ORGANIZATION1 a few months ago. People are in this type of situation @ ORGANIZATION1 all the time at @ ORGANIZATION2 a survey was conducted by all students to see what they wanted their careers to be, @ CAPS2 the rest @ ORGANIZATION1 the week the students were able to experience different career options. @ PERCENT1 @ ORGANIZATION1 the students chose a different career after this week. Have you ever heard the old adage “ @ CAPS3 is power ” ? well that's true and computers are a great source @ ORGANIZATION1 @ CAPS3. they have many different subjects, math, science, history, language and much more. people should use this @ CAPS3 at the national debate @ CAPS4 francisco @ PERSON2. Said that "@ CAPS5 is a great tool when used correctly, it includes finding new math places. NUM1 grade my teacher asked everyone to report on a country me and my friend found this place we both had never heard of @ ORGANIZATION1. activities. Having read all the facts, you will surely agree that a @ CAPS5 is a great tool that should be used. It allows a lot of people to communicate, "help in educational decisions and you can learn many subjects such as math, science and language. I strongly believe that everyone should use a @ CAPS5.
Mum!!! Did you know that the human body has only one liver !!!, @ CAPS1 I don't know where you found it on the computer. I recently heard that some experts are concerned that people are spending too much time on their computers and less time exercising and enjoying nature. I don't think they should be worried because the computer leaves people with an open mind and teaches people new things. So, the computer does a lot for people, gives them the chance to learn new things, a chance to chat with friends far away, and also to broaden their travel spirit. Computers can do a lot in a person's life. As recently as yesterday, I discovered that the human body cannot survive without its liver. The computer has also helped me with my math struggles, even though that's what the teacher does, it's not always theirs, like when I'm home or on vacation and just want to get away from it all. remember that it is in maths. It also helps people who want to know new launages such as @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3 and @ CAPS4. So you see that a computer has a big impact on a person's life. Two days ago I did a video chat with my grandparents at @ LOCATION2, it was great. After six years without seeing my grandparents, they really changed and I started to forget what they looked like. I had no idea that a computer could video chat from as far away as I was surprised. I don't know why you experts are so concerned that the computer takes away people's looks from what it has done for my family. I know if any of your expert family members were to go away for a long time, you would miss them and want to talk. Some people love to video chat, like the military, because they get the chance to see the one they love. A round trip ticket to @ LOCATION3, To see all these beautiful views and taste their wonderful food, look at this waterfall where is it, at @ LOCATION4, @ LOCATION1 now I have to go. The computer shed light on places I had never seen before. The computer is a wonderful thing. So don't worry about us and what we are doing on the computer. In conclusion, don't listen to the experts, they don't know what they are talking about because as far as we know they use the computer more than we do. The computer can touch you new things, give you the ability to chat with family and friends far away, and open your mind to traveling. The computer is not a bad thing, all it does is make life a little better, step by step.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, I believe computers are a good source of technology. The reasons I fight are why children are in school more than half of the school day. Parents should limit the use of children and what they do, and computers are a means of contact and research. For starters, kids are in school more than they get on a school day. How could children stay on the computer when they are at school learning ? They can not. At school, you exercise a lot because you are always moving. After school, children usually do their homework or go out with friends. Computers have no effect on people, on the contrary, they make them smarter. Second, if children have a computer at home, their parents should limit the time and exactly what they could do on the computer. The people who support technological advances are right, computers open the imagination and learning. Parents of children who have computers should be more worried than anyone else and if they are, they should just take the computer with them. Parents should also take their children more often so that the winning child does not have to go online. Finally, computers are a means of contacting others. If you don't have a phone, you use a computer to check your email or personal websites. People also need computers for school work and also for their work ! Another thing that many people use a computer for is research and reporting. We need our information! In conclusion, my thoughts are very important to consider because, many other people would be shy to write this and get it published in their local newspaper! I would like to say that computers don't interact with family, friends, nature or anything like that. We, as a whole, need computers to do the things of daily living, without being able to go online, or save files, we would be lost! So I will repeat to consider my ideas. Thank you.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 Many reasons why technological advancements are harmful to our society is because they open doors for strangers from the outside world. It also distances you from your family and friends. Finally, it also prevents you from enjoying life outside of the internet. One of my many reasons why I think advanced technology is harmful to our society is because it opens doors for strangers @ CAPS2, teens, adults, etc. The problem with this is that you never really know who is on the other side of that door, that the people in the chat room may fail to guide you into thinking of someone who is not there. Example @ CAPS2 there is a show called dateline. This show is about how young teens put selev online and adults or young men click on a picture of you and it opens a chat line or like I say opening a door you don't know who is other side of this door. So these men online make these teens trust them and make them feel safe if they are a friend. you that young teenager thinking your friend is saying yes, of course. Remember you don't see his picture, so he comes and most of the three men are looking @ CAPS2 for a quick fix. If you know what I mean. This is what happens during the Dateline TV show, just imagine how many other kids or teens are doing the same thing, the difference is they don't get caught. Second, why is harmful to our society is because it takes you away from your family and friends. It takes you away from your kid's family because it will start to fill in like you love this computer more than them. It keeps you away from friends because they might say okay let's go to the mall or @ CAPS2 for a drink, you'd probably say check something online. It will slowly move away from you, all over a computer you will start to lose the people most important to you. My last reason you can harm society with teconogly is because it keeps you from living your own life and doing whatever you wanna do like online this is a bunch of stuff everyone says is cool . Do what you think and feel is cool. Example @ CAPS2 if someone posted something saying @ NUM1 folks, Lodon is so cool you have to go but you always wanted to go to @ LOCATION1, @ CAPS3 is that you have enough air to the outside as if your skin would become bucket and icky and that's why I feel that way. Overall, while some people may think that advanced tencogly is good, it is clear that it doesn't open the doors of danger, pulling you away from your friends and family. Plus, it takes you away from what life has to offer.
Are adults and children spending too much time on the computer ? Well I don't think they do. Of course, they use it a lot but it's still to get into the inment. Children need to use the computer because it is another way for them to communicate with each other. Texting is good, but it costs money, as does lking on the phone. If one isn't texting, he can go to Facebook or something to make plans to do something with a friend. What if it's a rainy day outside and there's nothing to do? Well, that's what a computer is for. Children use the computer for entertainment. There are tons of games to play. All on different websites of course, but that's not the point. There is mmorpg or rpg, these are two types of games that I can think of computers as being like the virtual outside world of children. Computers are also needed for research in school projects. Also to get pictures. Of course, there are books but they don't always have everything you're looking for. You cannot crop images from books. You need a good grade on a project. Therefore, computers must be used a lot. for communication, entertainment and school projects.
My opinion is that people should have computers in their homes. Computers should be for important things like finding jobs and stuff. People can do their work on the computer. To teach your kids to use computers or let their kids go on the internet so they can search for kids stuff. People shouldn't be spending all of their time on computers and spending less time with family and friends. I think people should spend more time with family and friends than with the computer. But a lot of people use computers almost every day. But a lot of people use computers almost every day. Your family is probably worried that people are spending their time at the computer every day. They tell their friends how to type in the computer and teach them some stuff about history. Do you think people should spend more time with their families and be happy that they are spending time with their families? I think people shouldn't be using the computer when they have a visitor in their house, they don't think their visitor thinks you are attracted to the computer. They should give people the opportunity to find out about faraway places and learn things on the Internet. But not everyone agrees that people shouldn't use computers because people can be attracted to them and people don't want them. Happen. And families are worried that a lot of people are using this tin can. Others think it's a great idea to use a lot of computers and spend more than their families. So, do you think people should spend more time with family and friends than with computers.
Dear readers, I think it is good and bad to use the computer too much
Dear - Local newspaper I agree that computers are good for society. Without computers, a lot could not be done. Computers are sometimes the easy way out. And that's why I love them. Computers make almost anything possible. Now tell if you are a senior and can't stand and your body is really bad. Well, all you need is a computer. You can pay your bills online or you can get a job online or even shop online. All you need is a computer. Computers are also good if you are lazy. You can just lie in bed all day and go online to work or the mall and order things that all you need to worry about is personal hygiene. Sometimes computers stress you out a lot. No more ignorant coworkers or angry bosses, all is well. Computers are also bloated because it is the easiest solution. But you have to make sure you have a good computer. Not and old because it can break down. This is one of the reasons computers are not that good. But like I said computers are pretty good they can be a bit of a hassle but whatever you have on hand you will be fine and remember you can do almost anything with a computer.
Some materials taken from libraries, such as books, music, and magazines, should not be removed from libraries. This gives people a chance to understand how the real world @ CAPS2. Having certain materials such as books and music should absolutely not be removed, as most books and music can show most people how bad the statement in the book @ CAPS2 is or just how bad lyrics are bad in a song, and help that person avoid that type of thing the book or song @ CAPS2 is saying to the reader or listener. People should at least try out each type of music and not always doubt what they hear about what people are saying about that type of music. I always hear people say how bad the band @ PERSON1 AM @ CAPS2 is, just because in the lyrics it's about drugs and the curse of every song. Really the group @ CAPS2 is talking about a man's life and how he turned his life as an addict into the best life anyone can live. People always doubted him and never gave his music a chance. Another example would be @ PERSON1's book, '@ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4' as it is about drug addicts, the homeless, people born with disfigured arms or even someone who has lost their legs, and tells about how each and everyone really is. Her book taught me a few things and made me think of people differently. No matter what they look like or how they speak, no matter what, this person @ CAPS2 is gorgeous. As for movies and magazines in the last few years, I think this shouldn't be taken from libraries either. I think of @ CAPS1 for the same reason I think of books and music. Sure, we see movie previews and think they @ MONTH1 aren't good, but libraries shouldn't leave them out. Movies @ CAPS2 a great way to learn how to treat and act with other people when you don't know how to act. If you act differently with people you've never met before, you might feel embarrassed or maybe even get @ CAPS4. Movies can help people experience the real world by seeing how to do these kinds of things as they get older. It's the same with magazines, they also help people see what not to do or understand the consequences of something that shouldn't be done. Knowing what to do in a magazine could save your life, or maybe even someone else's life. I don't understand why some libraries would want to ban certain materials to help people understand the things that are going on in someone else's life and to help them not make the same mistakes that person once made.
Write a persuasive essay in a journal that reflects your perspective on censorship in libraries. Do you believe that some should be deleted, so I don't think so , I think no one should change that book, music, movies, magazines, ect., That no Agure why don't I think that if you need that please think i no thanks please if i need why do we know if i fail this test i have to graduate please children allow at home please yes. Why do we have to be a practical person please why do we have to do this why write this article because you want to be the best teacher ever facebook is my password is @ PERSON1 @ NUM1 thats why i need my myspace is the same but different at the same time please know i need to know i really need my email address is @ EMAIL1 this is my e- mail please work m
Do you think libraries should take some material off the shelves? People have different opinions about what is right and what is wrong. I have read and seen a lot of books in my life. I hear people say to me, "Oh, don't read this book, it's a bad book." @ CAPS1 are offensive books, music, movies, and magazines on @ CAPS1. Yet we still want to read them, listen to them, watch them and watch them. If we tried to remove all the offensive books from the bookcases, we would have nothing left on the shelves. Katherine Paterson said : " If I have the right to withdraw the book from the shelf works that I hate, then you also have exactly the same right and everyone else too. And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us. Katherine Paterson makes an excellent point on her quote. Why should we take a book down if some people think it's offensive ? Ask yourself again, " @ CAPS2 do you know this is a bad book when you haven't even given it the chance ?" " @ CAPS3 not judge a book by what you hear. Find out what is your own oppion
In @ DATE1's world there are a lot of things that are considered offensive. Everyone has their own opinion on what is offensive and what is not. Many parents get angry because they think their children are seeing things they shouldn't see. Other people are upset because they think libraries offend their culture or their way of life. It is even taken to the extreme where people want censorship on libraries to avoid this, which is wrong. Some people start to worry about materials in libraries. They find these things offensive. Everyone is entitled to their own opinion, but there is really nothing anyone can do if someone is offended. The world is a public place and everywhere we go something can be found offensive. The library is a place of study. It is never intended to offend anyone or bring harm to the world. It's just a place to educate, and if anyone is offended by what they see, they should stay away from the library. I have been to the library several times, and I have never seen anything offensive. Everything I have witnessed in the library is for learning and research. There are some sections in the library. If a parent doesn't want their child to see something, they should keep their child in the children's section. I can assure you that there is nothing offensive about the kids section, otherwise the library wouldn't have it in this section. The owners of these libraries know what will upset people and what will not. If there was any truly offensive material in the library, that material would be removed. Also, if a person complains and the documents are taken out, it could reduce the chances of someone else getting the documents they need. One person might think the content is offensive, but someone else might want to know more about it. If someone is offended by a certain material, all they have to do is not watch it. The library can be compared to a big computer. You can basically find anything there. Asking the library to censor their documents is like asking the Internet to censor theirs. It's a way of learning and researching and it would be next to impossible to censor everything there. Everyone is going to be offended at some point in their life. If libraries removed anything that could offend someone, they wouldn't have any documents left. People need to stop being so easily offended and realize that the library isn't trying to harm anyone. There is no need for censorship in libraries. It's just trying to teach people about the world and allow them to enjoy books, music, movies, or whatever you might find in the library.
In life you have the “ offensive things ”. The little things that enter us and eat away at us. No, it's not easy to overcome, but these things will make you stronger. Sometimes there are books, magazines, music, and movies that have offended us. The only reason we become offensive is because the topic reflects either our personality or our life. It's not the authors' fault, they write down what they feel and what the truth is. Okay, the libraris are full of books, movies, music, etc. You can't just take books off the shelves just because they offended you. Other people @ MONTH1 love the book you hate. There are more books in the library that you can read. Another reason people shouldn't remove offensive material from the library ; it will hurt the business of those who published the book as well as the writers. Writers and publishers would lose so much money because the library sells books, magazines, movies there. They make thousands of copies of their product, which costs money. So, to get their money back, they sell to thousands of bookstores. The more offensive material will open the eyes of the world. Everyone needs to see what's going on in the world. Books, newspapers tell the truth about a subject. Now the intention of writers is not to hurt you but to help you. Why can't the world be more open? I know that in my own life I have read books which at first the book offended me. I was getting so angry that I put the book down and walked away. But then my eyes would open and it finally hit me. The offensive part of the book helped me relive a new understanding. The views that I used to have gone. It's weird how you finally open up and your life changes. Some people might even find this document offensive. But if no one walks on your toes and puts you under your skin, you'll never change. Offended is a word used lightly; yes people use it a lot, but do they really mean it. Some people need to use " Well this book is bothering me ". Stop worrying about yourself and get over it. Life is too short to worry and feel offended. Every book, magazine, movie and music should be left alone. These @ MONTH1 materials reflect the lives of others and help others with theirs. Just read another book or watch another movement. Please don't remove anything on your own, as it will only do more damage
Today a lot of @ CAPS3 are censored for content in books, music, movies and magazines. I think everything can be fixed if you have some sections, @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, and my take on @ CAPS3 censorship. Here is my idea to solve the problem. I understand that @ MONTH1 books and other materials offend some people, but it might not offend others. That's why I think @ CAPS3 should have a place for things that might offend some people. The sign should indicate its contents so that people can stay away from the room. There could be separate bedrooms for the children. There are only children's books, movies, music and magazines. This is a great idea because your child wouldn't be open to bad content. This brings me to my next topic. You must be a certain @ CAPS1 to enter the " Bad Content " room. I don't think library staff or their parents want a five-year-old to read a book about sex, drugs, and alcohol. The library could be in a lot of trouble. The @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 could be @ NUM1 years of @ CAPS1 to enter the room. It seems fair enough. You are old enough to be able to handle the content. I don't take offense easily, so I can read just about anything. As I suggested earlier in the article, bad content should be moved to a room so that people don't accidentally find out. I love to read anything and everything so I would love to read stuff and get my attention. Books like this usually deal with bad things. I agree with that, but understand that others are not. Separate rooms, the @ CAPS1 limits and my opinions are all good ideas. Maybe a library will stumble upon my article and do what I said. I think it will be very emotional. I hope to start seeing this in the future
How does @ CAPS4 feel if your favorite book has been taken from your school or public library shelves ? I, along with many other students @ CAPS4 find this disheartening and disastrous, so I don't think censorship should affect the books that are on the shelves. Otherwise, a demolished love of reading, a crushed individuality and a separate population @ MONTH1 is born. Like @ PERSON1's beloved @ PERSON2 @ PERSON2 series, many books and series are removed from library collections because people in society find them offensive. In this case, the world of witchcraft in which this story flourishes is contrary to certain religious beliefs; therefore, some people within a religious campaign to ban these books. Fortunately, none of the libraries I visit, with their eclectic collections, had banned this series, or I @ CAPS4 don't have the strong thirst for literature like I do now. All books have the potential to attract a student to the wonderful world of reading, as @ PERSON2 has done for me, so remove books that are most likely to spark interest or set off a creative fireworks display. @ CAPS4 not only affects this generation, but everyone's future. If this censorship were to be allowed, who can say what everything could be censored? Who @ CAPS4 will be the final judge as to which books to ban @ CAPS4 ? It all comes down to power and who was willing enough to take it. This struggle to be at the top has the potential to separate people and political parties. Disagreements could turn into debates, and these could turn into fights. It can be concluded that people are stubborn about their beliefs and someone chooses what everyone is allowed to believe @ CAPS4 is wrong. For example, @ CAPS4 looks like an @ CAPS1 forcing an @ CAPS2 to disbelieve in @ CAPS3 ; a vegetarian ordering that the meat may no longer be eaten; a woman taking away the right to vote from men. Censorship @ CAPS4 leads to disrespecting the opinions of others, and disrespecting is never a good thing. Everyone has a different opinion on what is and what is not offensive, so censoring @ CAPS4 books is like censoring any individual mentality. Without each person's unique thoughts and beliefs, the @ CAPS4 world becomes just as bland and dull. Differences in beliefs are what add variety to the people and what makes a person special; moreover, free thought is a right that everyone should have. If someone were to limit the mental and literary stimulants that exist in the world, the amount of creativity and individuality @ CAPS4 would decrease. To conclude, @ CAPS4 censorship is a lack of respect for individuality, personal beliefs, and the overall joy of reading a good book. Just because one might not believe what a story says does not mean that the piece of literature should be banned. No one is forced to read the books that adorn the hundreds of shelves in a library, so if someone is offended, just don't read them. So how do you feel @ CAPS4 if your favorite book was gone from all libraries ? Lack of respect ? This is how I feel @ CAPS4
Do you think you should be able to remove some material from a bookshelf in a library, because someone finds it shocking ? Here are a few examples that come to mind. Books, movies, music, magazines or even computer excesses. So if you don't mind sitting down, get yourself somewhere nice and comfortable, because here we are. So, have you decided what to think about removing them from your local library or even your school library. We, I found what I think. In a way it is, but in other ways it is not. For example, I bet there are some old books in my school library that haven't even been picked up for a long time, just because they're old and too out of date. The reason I say they shouldn't be taken off the shelf of a library. Well, just because some people seem like it's offensive, doesn't mean it couldn't almost be the most popular book in the hole library. The person who likes this book might find that the people who found the book offensive, maybe they are offending the other person. So if you think about it, you will always have people who like to complain about something nowhere you go. I just put an example of what I saw. I was at a library once and there for the guys. One of them complained that the farm books were never tampered with. Then the other guy came up with two of the books that was in the closed section of that library over there. So the librarian is just collecting all the information the two guys were discussing during this time. During all of this, I was about five feet from the counter where these guys were. So the guy who was talking about how the farm books should be taken off the shelves, he asked the librarian where the books were on the spaceships. Then the guy who was collecting the books from the farm said you should really take them off the shelf because he hasn't seen anyone around there in years. So this is just to tell you that if you were to pick up a book, some music or anything else that you can find in a library, you should just stay where they are, because the library has provided them with books. or any of those other things for a reason. This reason is, because you never know what someone might just walk through that door just looking for that lonely book, magizne, movie, or just needing to get on the computer. Well, know that you are probably tired of hearing the reasons why I think no books or anything else should be taken off the shelves. Now is the time to tell you why they should be taken off the shelves at your local library in your neighborhood. The main reason that something should be taken off the shelves at the local library or school library is if the book has been seriously damaged. For example, I went to one of the libraries in my riding and there was a book in there with the back cover of the book completely torn off. It's a shame they have this on their shelf, just because it makes the library look like a trashed place to go. Another reason something should be taken off the shelves is if the book supported drugs. Like there's a book about some who do drugs and they get along with them and just get a "slap on the wrist" as I call it. A slap on the wrist is when you're in trouble for something and you're not even in trouble, you're just handed over to your parents. This is what I think the saying "just a slap on the wrist" means. So overall, the book should probably stay on the shelf. Like I said earlier in this essay, you will always have people who like to complain about anything they can complain about. What I mostly learned from the State Tractor Pull Club. So I hope I haven't taken too much of your time. So just think the next time you are in a library and see a book and think that book needed to be taken off the shelves, just refer to this essay.
The idea of removing "offensive" material from libraries is understandable. Some believe that this material is not appropriate for anyone to view it. However, because we all have different opinions on what is offensive, I believe that books that are found to be offensive should not be taken off the shelves in the library. First, I believe that if this policy were in effect in libraries, there would not be many books left on the shelves. Offensive is a relative word. That @ MONTH1 is offensive to one person @ MONTH1 is not offensive to another. Everyone has a different opinion on different issues depending on their beliefs and life experiences. Many books contain things that people disagree with, but expressing that is part of free speech. Therefore, if everyone complained that they found an offensive book or movie, there would be next to nothing left, as Katherine Paterson said. The purpose of a library is to provide people who use the library with a resource. If sources were censored in this way, it would be difficult to get information. Sometimes it is even beneficial to read a point of view or the opposite side to get more knowledge on a certain topic and see things from a different perspective. However, some @ MONTH1 books are not quite suitable for some people. For example, some materials in the @ MONTH1 library are not the best for small children to read or view. In that case, I don't necessarily think they should be taken off the shelves rather than put in a place that these kids don't have access to. Having books, music, movies, or magazines taken off the shelves if they are found to be offensive in my opinion is a ridiculous notion. It hinders expression. People have different opinions about what offends them and it would be very boring if everyone thought the same thing. If anyone finds something particularly offensive, I think they just shouldn't see it.
All authors write for one purpose, whether to teach, entertain, or persuade an audience. No author writes something and says, " I hope no one chooses this in the trade !" " So if every author wants to express something through his writing, so why should we not let them hear. We all have free speech, don't we? So why not the freedom to write? Libraries should not remove a book, music, movie, or magazine from the shelf just because they find it offensive. Everyone is going to read a book that they don't like, it's natural, but that doesn't mean that no one will like it. Authors write for an audience, but maybe you aren't in that audience; therefore, it does not interest you and may even seem offensive. Not everyone believes in the same ideas. You might think of a problem one way and your neighbor might think about it in a whole different way. Like for example, you read a book about a young girl who is going through many problems in her life. She found herself in some really horrible situations. Some of these situations that you read are so horrible that you wouldn't want anyone else reading them. But, have you ever thought that maybe there was another girl who is or has been through some of these same situations. Maybe this girl comes to a library and finds this book; suddenly she finds an orientation. She finds something that she can count on in her life that she's never had before. She feels like she has a friend in this book who can handle situations with her. So, would you really like to take this book off the shelf and not let this girl find her guide ? Situations happen like this all the time. People find something special in what they read that other people might not find. When a librarian removes a book from this shelf, an opportunity is definitely lost. No one could ever know what was to become of this writing and these ideas. We all have the right to learn, explore new ideas and expand our minds. No one should have the right to take this away
Have you seen a magazine, book, movies, etc. that were found to be shocking ? What experiences have you had? Here is my opinion on whether I think these books should be deleted or not. I have noticed that some films are offensive to others. Like for example, @ CAPS1 movies, books are about @ CAPS2 and some people don't believe or like the movie, so I don't see the point of making a movie about someone who isn't true. However, some movies are suitable for certain people and their ages. Movies rated “ @ CAPS3 ” are intended for people who shouldn't watch them yet, such as children under one year of age. Magazines do have a certain type of thing that I think is distressing to others though. Like, I can't remember their name, but they would have sections that would talk badly about another person like one of the kids would talk about the president or something. So I think some magazines should be taken off the shelves. Books, however, I see no reason to take them off the shelves. I don't think the books seem to be as distressing as they are graphics. There might, however, be books that might be distressing for people, such as those about a family that has no money or speaks badly about it. For example, you might find a book and read it and find that it talks about things that you don't want to know yet or that you want to know. So as you can see I made an opinion on what they should do either keep books, magazines or movies on the shelves. But then I see it the other way around. Some of us like this kind of movies or books or even magazines and think it's very cool or interesting
Personally, I don't think libraries, cinemas, etc., should sell the items just mentioned. If they are deemed offensive to the public. I think that offends a lot of people. Citizens such as the elderly and children should not have to be exposed to inappropriate material. I think to buy or rent certain books, music, movies or magazines you have to be at least eighteen years old. The economy is bad enough already. There is a new generation of people being brought up right now, and they shouldn't have to look back on their childhoods and have memories of seeing shocking movies, or reading shocking books and magazines. I think music is what influences a person the most. If they're constantly listening to foul language and whatnot, it will stick on a person's mind. I know this from experience. I also believe that films influence a lot of people too. For example, a child goes to a movie that contains a lot of violence. Well, once he's done watching the movie he is like, " Well, it must be good to kill someone because I saw someone kill another because they were 'got out of it and never got into trouble '. This is just one example of how the human mind can change. In conclusion, I believe that humans have the right to read, watch or listen to whatever they want. I just think people should be a certain age for certain things though. Also, I think anything that citizens find offensive should be hidden away in some sort of area of a store or library. So that only people who want a certain item or whatever can get it without other people having to see or listen to anything offensive
A library is a place where you can go to read, write, and relax. Nowadays, many people take for granted the knowledge that can be obtained there. Even more knowledge to be learned is stripped and reduced by censorship. Censorship can eliminate many varieties of reading material that people can learn and enjoy. First of all, removing classics from library shelves because they @ MONTH1 offend some people is totally unwarranted. If they offend you, don't read them. It's that simple. Many books offend people for not agreeing with their morals or beliefs. The @ PERSON2 series is a good example. @ PERSON2 @ PERSON2 is a successful series with over a million copies sold worldwide; however, this does not correspond to the beliefs of many people. Therefore, these people boycott the series. I remember several years ago I attended a @ PERSON2 @ PERSON2 and @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 party at the local library to celebrate the release of the next book in the series. While I was in the library, a huge storm was brewing. Now most people would think it was just a storm, but townspeople who didn't like @ PERSON2's books blamed the party. They said we worship the devil and @ CAPS4 brought the storm to tell us what we were doing was wrong. I know a lot of people don't like the @ PERSON2 series because it contains witchcraft and magic, but that doesn't mean they should blame natural events on a book! Even great novels like @ CAPS5 in @ CAPS6 should not be banned because of their content. For a while @ CAPS5 in @ CAPS6 was reading school material, but the "morality police" banned him because he was crazy. Books should not be required to meet individual personal standards. Therefore, what Katherine Paterson says is true. If we ban books because we don't agree with them or find them unsuitable, eventually there won't be any left in the library. Although there may be a way to compromise. If books with questionable content had a sticker indicating this to the reader, it could benefit both parties. In conclusion, eliminating pounds is not a good idea because it is beneficial for all of us, especially children. When I was young I always wanted to be read and when I kept getting older I still read. While I was in college, every day I had a book with me to read. Books allow the reader to travel to distant places or see what it would be like to walk in someone else's shoes. Books are a gateway to another world. Why take this magic away from children
Yes and no, some materials such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should be put to citizens' vote to be taken off the shelves. I think some materials in these categories should be removed if they are offensive to me and others, but it will take a long time to get them removed from stores and other places if other people like them. I don't like them making really violent music and making most teenagers' minds bad and start selling drugs on the street of their hometown, but there is nothing I can do about it because this kind of music is admired by these teenagers as well as some adults too. If some people can buckle down and see that this stuff is going to ruin the lives of the teenagers and some adults who are victims of it, then there is a chance it can be stopped. Stopping things like this will save a community from disaster and provide more good life chances for those in need. Here is another example, like this musical artist named @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2. She's been writing really good songs for a year and a half now. People have told me that she is part of a group called @ CAPS3 and that it is a group where they are, I think, trying to "be reborn" themselves. My friends wanted me to stop listening to his music. I told my friends that I didn't like the fact that she joined this band, but that didn't mean that I was going to stop listening to her music. Now if she does a song that is offensive to me and to my friends, then this is where I draw the line. What I am saying is if people don't have others to support them if something is very offensive to them and unaware of others it will be very difficult to try to prove yourself in the best way. possible.
When it comes to censorship in libraries, I don't think the people who work in libraries should be deciding what goes on the shelves. People in the community should have a say in what goes on the shelves, because they're the ones who go to the library anyway. I think everyone is entitled to their own opinion, but I think there are some things that should be deleted. For example, some music can be shocking ; therefore, I am not saying that music should not be removed from libraries altogether. I say offensive music should be removed
Dear Diary, @ CAPS1 would you think if someone wrote a book on @ CAPS1 that diaries are bad and they destroy you so badly that no one wanted to touch another diary ? Think about it if something is found to be offensive, should it be available to thousands upon thousands of other people to read ? I believe that some materials such as books, music, movies, etc. that are deemed offensive should not be allowed to be removed from the shelves of a library, let alone off the shelves. Now, let's think about it for a moment. This kid might end up living the kind of life that the book claims. If I were a parent, I know for a fact that I would never want my children to be exposed to harmful reading until they know right from wrong and have a clear judgment on it. Or another point of view, and if this book, on @ CAPS1 Blacks Are Bad and Wicked, fell into the wrong hands for this purpose, let's say a drunk and old-fashioned man. Who exactly thinks we should continue slavery? This book could stimulate the thoughts of this white man and he could try to put his thoughts into action. Throw what this book says about black people in the face of a young black woman. Then continue, after seeing what that alone has done to her, rapes and beats her. Only to let her live and make her his own whore or slave for as long as she lives. Can you imagine this world when @ CAPS2 only knows @ CAPS1 that this woman is suffering. @ CAPS2 is the only one who knows @ CAPS1 for a long time, she will face the pain. Before she stops fighting for her life. Think about everything I told you about, you gave examples of everything that started with this one book. The book offensive to sexists and black people. these are all reasons why these books are banned from libraries or at least stuck on the shelves.
Many people who are in school have probably seen or heard of a book or magazine that insulted or offended them. Some people think that sort of thing is funny, but for others, @ MONTH1 bothers them. Not only can racial slurs offend people, but profanity can disappoint someone. Some parents don't want their child to hear or say things like this. And I believe if it's offensive it should be taken off the shelves of a library and so should you. Movies and music, I think if that really offended anyone they should either change the lyrics or get rid of them. They just shouldn't offend someone for being a great song or a great movie. You can't do something that makes fun of another race or a movie that kills them. Go love school libraries, for books I think it really depends on the age group. As their shouldn't be anything that would be offensive or profanity in the @ CAPS1 or @ CAPS2 @ CAPS4. They are just not old or mature enough to see or read these things in books or magazines. So if a student comes home with a book that the class is reading and the parent doesn't like the content, they should have the right to say that they don't want their child to read it. And if it was really bad, be able to get him out of school. Even @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 who have more mature students sometimes take offense at the books they read in school. An example is “ AT @ CAPS5 a @ CAPS6 ”. Even though it's a great book and a lot of @ CAPS4 read it. Many @ CAPS7 @ CAPS8 might be offended by all the racial slurs about @ CAPS7 @ CAPS8. They just don't feel comfortable with their peers saying them and their teachers saying them. And @ CAPS4 or libraries just shouldn't force students to read books they don't feel comfortable reading. Or libraries with books like that. Me for example, next year I'm going to have to read this book and I'm just not going to like it. I'm halfway @ CAPS7 @ CAPS12 and I don't like people saying things like that. It's going to be a very difficult time for me. And I have other friends who have read this book and who didn't feel comfortable reading this book. These are even little children's books that parents want out of their child's school library. The most contested book in school libraries is @ CAPS13 @ CAPS14. I know because my librarian once told me. It's just a good book, but some parents don't want their kids to read about witchcraft and wizards. So they try to get them out of the library. And they should do it if parents don't want their kids to read it. I just think if there are a number of people complaining about a movie or song, they shouldn't even be fighting about it. They should just get rid of it. Same thing in a school, if it is pupils or parents who are complaining and there are a number of them, the librarian should not even have a say in it or in the school. They should just get rid of the book or magazine. I believe if it's a book, song, movie, etc. is offensive to a number of people, you just have to deal with it by getting rid of it. Parents might not want their children to see, hear, or read this stuff. And some people take offense to certain books or movies. Or they just don't feel comfortable. I believe that things that are brought into the world for entertainment should also be able to come out of the world if people are offended by them.
Do you think if some screaming books, music, movies and magazines are taken off the shelves because someone finds them offensive ? Like magazines, books, movies and even music. I just don't find it fair that few people's opinions matter based on what they find offensive for two reasons. The reasons being that you chose it yourself and went to the library looking for something that you will like. The number one reason I think some books, music, movies, and magazines shouldn't be taken off the shelves is because people chose them for themselves. No one is ever going to pick up a book or magazine or even watch movies and listen to music that sounds, sounds, or even sounds offensive. Mainly because a lot of people don't like to be insulted. For example, why would a person buy something that they do not find attractive? The second reason I think some books, music, movies, and magazines shouldn't be taken off the shelves is if you go to the library looking for an interesting book, type of music, movie, or magazine. Most likely you will end up having one that you find interesting and something that you think suits your tastes. So if there is a book, some kind of music, a movie, or a magazine and it sounds shocking, then don't understand it because if something is going to offend you, it's going to be pretty obvious due to of what it sounds like, it seems, or even sounds like. In my opinion, I think that if certain books, music, movies and magazines are offensive to some people, they should not be taken off the shelves. If you've picked something from the library, or gone to the library looking for something you'd like, you'll obviously end up knowing if anything looks, looks, or even seems offensive.
If the people who publish and write these articles in these magazines, then yes, they may be offended by the @ CAPS7 material in the magazine or the books. These people are always going to come up with something or a rumor to start a big fight about these things @ CAPS1, these people are called '@ CAPS2'. They can find an easy way to start something like this which is why before buying a magazine I first look inside and see if @ CAPS3 is interested in buying that book or magazine specific. If I don't like the things I see inside @ CAPS5, then I @ CAPS4 don't buy @ CAPS5, @ CAPS5 from @ CAPS1 like this. If they are @ CAPS7, they must be immediately removed from kiosks in the streets of @ LOCATION1, @ LOCATION6, @ LOCATION12, @ LOCATION4, @ LOCATION2, @ LOCATION5, @ LOCATION8, @ LOCATION9, @ LOCATION3, @ LOCATION10, @ ORGANIZATION1 , @ ORGANIZATION2, or @ CAPS8 @ LOCATION11, @ LOCATION7.
I think all bad books should be taken out of a library. All the bad books, music, magazines, and movies that no one really wants to read. If a child picks up the book and reads it, and there is bad content in the books, magazines, music, and movies that would be bad to read. If they're young enough and they don't know if the movies or anything in the library are bad, then it's the library's fault for allowing them to buy movies, music or magazines. If the parent doesn't know their child has read the book, their parents will wonder where the bad phrases are coming from. There are people who think that all libraries should have bad books. There are a lot of things in books that parents don't want their children to read. There are things like books about sex. There may also be language that children should not read. I know for sure that I don't want my kids to read anything bad when they are growing up. There is also music that parents don't want children to listen to. There are things like sex songs. There are also things that don't directly say sex, but imply it. I never want my kids to listen to bad songs like that, I want them to be responsible and not to listen to bad songs. There are also movies that I don't want my kids to watch, because of the content of the movie. There is so much in this world that has bad stuff in it, all of which have to do with sex. Lately all the movies that have come out are very inappropriate. Another thing that I think is very important is magazines. There are a lot of things that can happen in magazines like porn. I hate it when kids are tempted or forced to watch porn. I think in general we should get rid of porn and pictures in magazines.
Dear journalists, I am writing to you because I have my own answer on what people should do with books. I think it's okay for people to write whatever they want because it's a free contract where you can do whatever you think you can do. What I'm trying to say is people can write books however they want with anything like drugs, sex, abuse, foul language, and so on, you get what I say. I think it's good to write whatever they want and put everything they've written on a shelf. It's the person who chooses a book who chooses to read a book just because they don't like the topic of the book, they don't have to make a big deal out of it and cause a problem. People just can't take the book and look for another book. I don't think it's the fear that people will make a big deal out of a book they don't have to read at all, it doesn't matter to me and I bet a lot of people would. Okay. If I was someone who was an aganized thing like sex and drugs and saw it in a book, I would just put it down and look for a book that I was okay with rather than causing a problem like the others would. It's just not a price and it's a bit of a time for me if anyone has to complain about something so stupid. So to rap this stuff, I think people who don't like the way books are written should just drop it and not care and buy a book that they feel better reading. There is no point in wasting time and causing a problem, this is my opinion on this problem, hope it is yours.
I think books, magazines, papers, etc. should not be removed from libraries because some @ CAPS1 like @ CAPS2. Some @ CAPS1 think that reading a book about their problem will help them overcome any problems they encounter. @ CAPS1 often says he is stressed and depressed. These @ CAPS1 can get the books and @ CAPS2 to help them solve their problems. If the books, etc. are offensive, @ CAPS1 who think they are shouldn't get them. The cannot control which books are in the library. Some @ CAPS1 have problems and some books can help them. Lots of @ CAPS1 I know, I don't think a lot of books are offensive. Its either they want @ CAPS2 them or they don't. If @ CAPS1 thinks that books, etc. are offensive, they'll just have to deal with it. @ CAPS1 likes @ CAPS2 all kinds of books and some don't even like @ CAPS2. For @ CAPS1 who like @ CAPS2, they can choose whatever book they want that they feel comfortable with. If they think a book is offensive, they go over it and find a book other than @ CAPS2. I guess if you find a book offensive you can go to the professor or someone and talk about it. I'm sure they won't do anything about it. Books and stuff are there for a reason, 'To @ CAPS1 to @ CAPS2', and to understand what life is and how to fix it. You have to control under the books. You can't tell them which books should be on the shelf and what can't be on the shelf. In conclusion, I think @ CAPS1 should take care of it because they can't control it
Hello, my name is @ CAPS1, I think there should be any kind of media in the libraries. If they call it a " media center " then why censor the media ? People can read the spine of a book to see if they want to, so if they see something they don't like, they can put it back on the shelf. People say that @ CAPS2 and @ CAPS3 inspired @ CAPS4 @ PERSON2 to kill @ PERSON1, which is completely speculated that it's all about "he said she said". I think there should be sections for different sections for different age groups, but censoring literature just isn't- @ CAPS5. There should be a parent supervising the children @ NUM1 and under because where it really comes down is the children and them who are not exposed to something they are not ready for. There are some magazines and movies that I think shouldn't be in libraries, and these are : pornography, non-educational movies, @ CAPS6 @ CAPS7, and social media. I'm not saying let the kids listen to killer music and jump off the patio, but it shouldn't be some leeway on the books. This is an approved post, thanks for your time, bye.
Books taken off the shelves ? “We can all think of a book that we hope none of our children or other children have taken off the shelf. But if I have the right to take this book off the shelf - which I work with, I hate - then you have the exact same right and everyone else too. And then we have no more nooks and crannies on the shelf for any of us. The @ CAPS1 instruction came from @ PERSON1. Do you think it's fair for young children to look at pictures that are not appropriate or read something that talks about sexual content ? I don't think any of these materials should be taken off the shelves, but they should be placed in a private area where only adults can access them. I think they should be placed in a certain area, away from the children, as the children will have ideas from the material they see and will think it is okay to do so. There are books and movies that teens and toddlers see that deal with grain killers and kids think it's okay to bring guns to school and it's not okay. Children read these books and think it is okay to act like their favorite character or act like their favorite movie star in a movie. Some of the movies that are out there are about doing stupid stuff, and kids and teens think it's “ cool ” because the person they admire is doing it, so they want to try it, too. Children hurt themselves while doing @ CAPS1. Whenever a kid sees people having sex, they think it's okay to do that too, because those kids in the movies are the same age as them. I think film producers should be aware of what they have for kids to watch. When you talk about the @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 book, you think it's a great book. But would you ever think it would be taken off the shelves because of a word that was used there ? I think it should stay on the shelves, but if a parent doesn't want their child to read it, then they don't have to read it. If parents don't want their child to read something, then just tell the teacher or child that they can't read the book. I think books should stay on the shelves and any material with "bad" content should be placed in a private section where only adults can access it. Do you want your kids to look at bad pictures or see or read something with sexual content ? Children have bad ideas in books, movies, magazines, and music. They think it's appropriate to act like @ CAPS1 because their favorite movie star is getting ready the @ CAPS1 way. These books, films and magazines should be kept out of the reach of children, so that they can no longer have bad ideas for doing stupid things.
I think almost any movie can offend someone in some way, so if you want to get all the movies off the shelves, go for it. Everyone has different tastes for movies, music, books, etc. If the music offends you, don't listen to @ CAPS2. If a book does, don't read @ CAPS2. It's that simple. So I don't think they should take books, music, movies, etc. It might offend someone, and here is my reason; If you were to remove all the things that might interest people today then you wouldn't have anything that entertains the kids instead of them going out and getting in trouble, I believe every person has the right to read, to watch , or listen to whatever @ CAPS2 is they want to listen. Also, if they find @ CAPS2 offensive, they just shouldn't listen to that song, watch that movie, or even read the book or magazines. Everyone has been offended in different ways, so we can't help @ CAPS2 if @ CAPS3 little book, song, etc., offends someone. I also think if you give a kid the chance to read @ CAPS2, and he sees how offensive @ CAPS2 can be, @ CAPS2 might prevent him from doing some of the things he could do if he wasn't reading the book, Plus if he watches the movies he wants he will learn that @ CAPS1 everyone is good people. Children read in a wide variety, some read dr.suess books there and others might read @ PERSON1 '@ CAPS2'. Depending on the child, they should be able to choose what to read, listen to or watch. The only flaw that I find about kids at some magazines is the fact that almost every magazine has at least @ CAPS3 half-naked women, or a man in @ CAPS2. The children of @ ORGANIZATION1 up to about the first year of @ ORGANIZATION2 should @ CAPS1 see this. My reason @ CAPS4 is that people have many different tastes in materials, so I think they can read whatever they want as long as @ CAPS2 does @ CAPS1 offend them. What he reads should @ CAPS1 have an effect on others unless they also read @ CAPS2. There are so many people who are offended by the smallest things, but they fail to see that this is life that they will be offended more than a handful of times in their life. In the confusion, I think people should be able to read whatever they want, even books that people find offensive. Offensive things should @ CAPS1 be taken off the shelves. I also think that if children learn to read things that could be offensive, they will understand the fact that life is not easy and you will end up being offended. Also that @ CAPS1 everyone is good people, and there are things going on that people don't like, but that's life. Finally, I think people should @ CAPS1 give up reading, listening, watching or watching things that @ MONTH1 interests them.
The world is full of offensive material, and there is little we can do about it. These books that we leave behind influence the future of our society. These materials should not be taken from library shelves as they are part of a wide variety of knowledge and the library is not the last place someone will look for such materials. On the logical side, the more a person knows, the more power they have. This does not mean that some items such as certain types of film music are not suitable for its age. Some parents get really offensive when they see something a little inappropriate, but the thing to remember is that these so-called little children will sooner or later see such objects; it's just a part of growing up. In the last paragraph, he suggested that a person should have a great deal of information to choose from, as there is no such thing as a perfect little soul and everyone has amounts of cruelty. For example, things like @ ORGANIZATION1 and @ CAPS1 are taught in school and can be considered dangerous. In @ ORGANIZATION1, we learn the pathways of atoms and make predictions about how they will react with other chemicals. While in the lab, students must wear safety gear due to the hazardous environment. The same goes for @ CAPS1, it teaches how to live a healthy life and it requires students to learn about the human body such as the reproductive systems. In these @ CAPS3 we learn better about how the world works around us and with that we learn things that can be dangerous. With everything we do, there are positive and negative results. What I'm suggesting is that we need to find a healthy balance between what is really needed and materials that are strictly entertainment, and those elements should be removed. If he has a goal behind him then he has a place but if it is a magazine about drama it seems very unnecessary. In this wide world, there have always been and always will be people or material that are a bad influence. However, it is all a question of perception and each one has different torances and values. With this issue ongoing, we will make this judgment to the best of our ability, based on our values.
People are entitled to their own opinion on things. What someone might find offensive someone else might not. Libraries should be able to put on their shelves anything that might be of interest to a person who educates someone, whether people are offended or not. If we stuck to what everyone else was saying, we probably wouldn't have anything on the library shelves. People will find something wrong with whatever a person can put out, it's just human nature. I have read non-fiction books and seen movies based on true stories that used words and language that some people might find offensive, but how are people going to express their feelings and educate people without offending anybody. How are we supposed to teach history without telling the whole story. Slavery and @ PERSON1 were horrible things that happened and it's important to talk about it so that it doesn't happen again. It would be difficult to teach about these horrific events without offending people. I believe we should put these materials on the library shelves anyway, and if people don't like it, then don't check or look at them. it is my opinion what is yours
I think if people find the books offensive, they shouldn't even be reading that book to begin with. If the books are found offensive and taken from the shelves, the book shelves would be empty. Then there would be nothing left for them to read. Some of the greatest writers use offensive words in their books, take them off the shelves and you'll get rid of the best material. @ PERSON1 @ CAPS1 for example in the book '@ CAPS2' his offensive towards gays and one gets killed.
A book is more than words or events; they are adventures and stories that travel from person to person. I find it amazing how someone from one country can write a book and then someone from another country can read it. Inspirational stories pass from person to person in books, music and movies ; I believe things like that help us become who we are today. There are a lot of issues with entertainment today in my opinion. They now include things that show a lot of violence and intimacy; which @ MONTH1 is not suitable for some people. I don't think they should take them off the shelves, just rate them so everyone knows what to expect. Movies are rated because some people don't want or need to see what's going to happen in them. While some of these may not be appropriate, others guide us. It's almost like they're preparing us for the worst, but hoping for the best. We see what happens to a person in these entertainment articles, and it helps us make sure that we don't make the same mistake. I also believe that there are many stories and movies that inspire us to be better people and to achieve our dreams. If we see that a person can do it, we think, why can't I? Where in the world would we be if no one was encouraging or pushing someone else to do what they wanted? Entertainment pushes this concept, but adds everything to show it reality. Whether these things have offensive or harsh content, they always prepare us and help us fight in everyday life.
I don't think there are any books, music, magazines, or movies that should be deleted. If they are found to be offensive, that's not my problem. If they offend me, well, that's my problem to deal with. When it comes to any of the items mentioned, sooner or later the company will find them and they will be back on the shelves. No matter how offensive they are, curiosity will bring them back to the shelves. If a Book ID is deemed offensive by one person or a group of people, it does not mean that it should be removed from the shelves. It is a problem that a person or a group of people will have to live with. Everything and anything is educational in its own way. Even if it is offensive, it can teach someone the bad of the good. That being said, is it right or wrong for someone to want something offensive to be taken off the shelves ? It depends on a person's personal opinions or beliefs. Whether they like it or not, things are offensive to someone and there is nothing we can do to change that. It's sad to admit, but there really is nothing to change that. It's just easier to live with it. Maybe everything you found offensive wasn't meant to be offensive. It depends on what offends you. Maybe the writer, director, or songwriter wanted something to be offensive, maybe they didn't. It is all based on how you take into account what they have said. So, in the end, nothing should be taken off the shelves. Because if something needs to be deleted, then you might as well delete everything.
I absolutely don't think a book, movie, magazine, music, etc. should be taken off the shelf because they find it offensive. If we do this then all the books would be ready for use. Sometimes great books are offensive because they actually tell you what they really believe in. I remember when I was twelve years old the news said that a school was removing books because they offended someone in the school. The shocking part was that almost the whole school read this book. Even the teachers read it. The school board didn't even care. I think it was completely mismanaged. They should have talked to the girl and told her it was unfair to ask that when everyone is reading it. If that offended her, then she shouldn't be reading it. Music is an outlet for many people. They can express their feelings in an amazing way. Without music, there would be no fun in the world. People are still listening to music. When they are sad, angry, upset, confused, etc. If people think that music is offensive, then they shouldn't listen to it. Movies are going to be offensive for at least one thing all the time. That's what makes a movie: a hero and a villain. We want good guys to win. The movie pokes fun at the bad guys. Someone is always going to get hurt. When I read, watch or listen to something, I don't think about how offensive it is to myself or to anyone else. I think about how the artist feels. Why they wrote it that way. If I listen to music, I listen to the rhythm and the lyrics first. Then if I like it, I start to sing it. If I don't like it, then I just change the song. Hope people don't end up taking things off the shelf when someone is offended. We need different opinions in life. If we all had the same opinions, we wouldn't be ourselves anyway. I don't want to be like everyone else. I like my personality. I'm different and kind of an outcast. But I am true to myself. And I respect the opinions of others. I wish everyone would do the same. Or at least try to do the same. Thanks for listening to what I had to say
Books, music, movies, magazines, etc. shouldn't be removed from some library shelves because people have enough sense of what interests them and what doesn't. There will always be people who find specific thoughts or ideas offensive not regardless of the topic, so censorship doesn't really make a difference to the individual. Censorship is unnecessary because people know what interests them without anyone helping them find what they are looking for. Censorship is not entirely necessary because people will always find something that they are not looking for or that they are not exactly interested in. The interests of the people are their own without the censorship of others in the surrounding community. I have read a few books that contain swear words, but the book is still as good as it would be without the swear words. People love things no matter what, because there will always be flaws with certain items such as books, music, and movies. Books, music, and movies all generate a lot of interest from the ordinary person, and each individual is able to make their own decisions based on what interests them. The individual does not need edited objects or music to listen to music or the like. objects without being offended. There is something offensive to people about every work that has been published, and the buyer is fully aware of this fact before they go out and buy something. Censorship is not necessary because people are aware of what interests them without anything telling them what to look for. People will almost always be offended by what they watch or listen to, no matter what it is, so why is censorship so important ? Censorship is unnecessary in today's society, as each individual is able to make their own decision as to what is best for them. Books, music, movies, magazines, etc. should not be removed from library shelves, as there will always be offensive items that some people will find offensive, regardless of the item.
Many people believe that magazines, books, movies, music, posters, and other types of bad stuff that parents don't want to see @ CAPS1 see. Some of the stuff they might have in the are books about people of different colors, maybe there could also be some terrible things about this colored skin hairstyle, @ CAPS1 that are too young to look stuff that is in those books. Lots of @ CAPS2 libraries have these things throughout the store. Some of those people who get those books might need to have a good heart about what the book says about skin color. If they don't like what the book and what it has to say, then don't buy that book. Because you can't change the way the author wrote the story, the music, the movie, the poster. But most of the people I know who are different colors are pretty hilarious and sometimes make jokes about it. Maybe there could also be some pretty terrible things said in the book
Would you like your kids to be interested in things that only @ CAPS1 knows what ? When you go to a library, you are looking to learn more about @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3, @ CAPS4, @ CAPS5 from @ LOCATION1, etc. Libraries are used to learn new things about the world that will help you later in @ CAPS9. When you first walk into a library, you see people looking at books @ CAPS2 or books that catch your eye just by the title. If we find a book offensive or won't help improve our children's future, then stand up and fight for their own mental development. You also have to think about what the children want to read. They have the right to read whatever they want, as long as it is entertained and they learn something new. Some books teach them about the world they grow up in. There are books that I wouldn't let my own child read, but I know in my heart that she's learning something that I @ MOIS1 can't teach her. These types of books are what I call "@ CAPS7's". These books that may seem offensive, when at the end of the day they are in fact, what I call '@ CAPS8', helping them prepare for what's to come. Not all books will be full of rainbows, pretty colors, or pop-ups. They should know that these are people they should be aware of and the people who educate them about @ CAPS9. They need to learn the difference between what is good and what is not. Do you remember the first book you read on your own? I do. It was called “ From @ CAPS10 and @ CAPS11 ”. I read this book when I was @ NUM1. Until this day my mom says, "I tried to stop you from reading this book so many times, there was a dangerous wording that an @ NUM1 year shouldn't be able to read at this young age" . What she didn't know was that; this book taught me a lot about the world at the time. This knowledge I had gained had helped me later on my @ CAPS9. Some books should be read, some should not. If you think your child shouldn't read a certain book, read it on your own and then tell your child why they can't read the same book you just read.
Libraries have a lot of material to read. They have children's books to adult books. All books vary by age group. So many people go to the library a day. But the question is, do certain materials need to be taken off the shelves because they are deemed offensive ? The answer is no. When people go to the library, it means that they want to learn something, or find something to entertain them. When you go to the library to look for something and they don't have the book you need, or the movie you need, what are you going to do ? What happens when you do a project on something and they don't have the book you need ? Do you want your kids to fail school because libraries take material off the shelves ? People shouldn't remove materials from the shelves because they don't like it. If they think it's offensive, then they should put it back on the shelf and go get something else. They don't have to take it off the market because they are its agent. Everyone has different opinions on things. Libraries have different sections where you can find materials. It varies from children, fiction and non-fiction. Sometimes it also means what you are looking for. No one should take something off the shelf if it's offensive because it was their choice to watch it in the first place. No one can tell you what you can and cannot look at when you go to a library. If they don't like what they see, then put it aside. It's as simple as that. If you can't find what you're looking for, libraries also have computers to search for things
A book represents the beliefs and feelings of a person on a subject. Therefore, censoring books is a mistake because it goes against freedom of expression. I don't think books or other media should be removed because even though @ MONTH1 is offensive, if it's the truth about something, we need to read about it to prevent tragedies from happening again. A person who finds a subject offensive does not have to read it. If we don't accept the beliefs of others, we are just as prejudiced as the books we try to censor. Many books threatened with censorship are books on historical facts, such as the Holocaust. I think we have the right to know important events. For some reason, if we forget about such things, they are more likely to happen again. Do we really want the murder of millions of people to be repeated? Just because we're ashamed of something doesn't mean we have to sweep it under the carpet where it can hide while waiting to strike again like a hungry alligator. Instead, the books on prejudice should be kept to show an example of how we should not act. While some books are censored because of shame, others are censored because a certain group of people @ MONTH1 find it offensive. There is a much easier solution than censoring these books. Offended groups should simply ignore the book. If it's offensive in the first place, no one should be forced to read it. The book should not be forced in any other way like posters and television broadcast. It should be kept in a certain section of a library so that parties wishing to avoid it can do so. The main reason a book gets censored in the first place is because someone finds it offensive. However, isn't that preventing someone from saying something so offensive ? AT @ CAPS1 An @ CAPS2 is a big target for censorship, but it's about treating everyone fairly. If this book like this were censored, it would be like saying that some people are better than others. Another big target of censorship in some countries is @ CAPS3. Censorship of this book would essentially tell the people of @ CAPS4 they are wrong. Censoring something is wrong. Not only could this cause sad events to repeat, the offended parties may simply avoid the book. While some books offend people, censoring one book can be just as offensive to other parties. The easiest thing to do is to let the reader decide whether to read it or not.
There are many types of materials in the library to keep you entertained. Some of these @ MONTH1 documents are books, magazines, movies, and music. Each person has their own type of information and the genres they like. For example, most teenage girls like to read young love stories and youth life stories; The folks at @ CAPS1 love information books. Everyone is different in their own way. The material they choose to read is their own choice. How would you feel if one of your favorite books or magazines were pulled from the shelves of every library ? You would probably wonder why such a thing would happen. Well, some people would like to discuss whether some of the information in these materials is offensive or inappropriate. They want this stuff off the shelves. But is it their decision to say that certain things offend people? Everyone has their opinion and can make their own choice about what they want to read or what they don't want to read. In my opinion, these types of materials should stay on the shelves. It's simple, if you don't like a certain kind of magazines or books, don't read them. If you hear someone's music and it sounds completely horrible to you, then step away or listen to your own music. There's a new end of the world movie, and you don't believe the world won't end this way, don't go and see it. Some parents don't want their kids to know some of the things that exist in the world, which is totally understandable. But everyone has the right to what they want to know and what they don't want to know. If everyone had the right to take away books they deemed inappropriate, do you think there would be books left ? The point is, in today's society, people want to do what they want and think what they want. Some people disagree with most things, but this is something they will have to face because not everyone can be happy.
Should we remove certain documents deemed offensive from the library shelves ? @ PERSON1 declares that we will run out of books to read on the shelf if everyone takes a book they don't approve of. What some people think is the most innocent book might offend another individual. Different people find different subjects offensive. No two people think the same. Although some @ MONTH1 books or magazines contain offensive topics or materials, if they were to be removed, how would we learn ? For example, let's say there was a historical fiction book about racism. The book could show different perspectives on how people lived when racism was thriving. Readers could learn from books how racism affects people and why it is wrong. Knowing more about dislikes can give someone a better understanding of why some people think the way they do. Readers can learn from mistakes made in the past. Books or movies describe what life was like years, if not centuries ago; the moral was different some time ago from what it is today. If many people agreed that certain material is very offensive or not suitable for teens or young children, one option that might be available would be to allow only adults to check it out. The library could also put a warning there if they think the material content is too hard. Another idea could be to create reviews on a website with a list of every book in the library. Consumers can read the review first and then decide whether or not to view it. People have their own opinions and views on the materials. A person must learn to tolerate materials ; others might really appreciate it. This article might be offensive to those who read it, as they might think things should be detected more than tolerated. If someone doesn't like the material, they don't have to take it out of the library, so why bother ? A person may find a topic very offensive while the same topic is of interest to another person. Everyone has a different moral, so who can say what should and shouldn't be in a library ?
A basic right that every man, woman or child should have is freedom of expression. Without this right, no one could speak out. When libraries remove books, magazines, films and music from their shelves, it takes away that right. Even if the subject is offensive to some people, books or other items should be left on the shelves. What one person finds offensive another may find miraculous. If a person doesn't find the contents of a book appealing, then just don't read the book. Libraries should not censor the material they put on the shelves just because someone doesn't like it. I do think, however, that books should be placed in the section to which they belong. Sections for children's books, young adult books, adult books and many more can all be found in a library. An example would be that a book on the anatomy of the human body does not belong to the children's section. beyond that, the library should leave the rest of the decisions to the reader. If someone wants to read a book on @ LOCATION1, then that person should be able to go to a library and look at the book. The problem with censorship is that an @ CAPS1 might find the book offensive and want it taken off the shelves. Then, the person interested in the @ LOCATION1 will not be able to withdraw the book. The choice of what material you read should be up to you, not limited by what someone else finds offensive. Libraries should not remove items from their shelves if someone else finds it offensive to their own beliefs. The person just shouldn't be reading the book. Everyone will have a different opinion on most things and therefore there should be no censorship in libraries.
Writing is a way of expressing thoughts and ideas on a page. In this country, an author can write freely about what he wants and he is not subject to penalties for doing so. Sometimes reading these works can be enjoyable, other times it can be rather disturbing. However, just because a work is offensive does not mean that it is not worth reading. Books, manuscripts and other forms of literature should not be removed from shelves, no matter how disturbing or offensive they are. The @ CAPS1, a book written by @ PERSON2, exposed the horrible practices of the meat packing industry. It was offensive to many, and on top of that it caused an uprising among @ CAPS2 because of its content. However, there is a reason we are still talking about it today. If there had been any laws prohibiting him from writing about the horrible things going on in these factories, it is quite possible and indeed very likely that the industry would not have been reformed for a long time. Fortunately @ PERSON2 exposed the horrible processes that took place in the industry and the government stepped in and fixed the issue. Someone hates this book, and hates it from the day it was published. But that doesn't mean he has the right to take it off the shelves and stop everyone else from reading it. Too often, students are forced to read works of fiction and stories which, while beneficial to students, do not educate students about the world they find themselves in. It is important for a student to read @ ORGANIZATION1, and the works @ PERSON4 and @ LOCATION1. However, students need to learn and begin to understand the world they find themselves in now, the eras of the past, and the circumstances they will find themselves in in the decades to come. They have to learn how to be successful in life. They should read the works of @ PERSON1, like @ CAPS3, which basically tells the story of success and what separates the average from the great. Someone hates these works, and they shouldn't have the right to waste the opportunity that these books and news might give to someone else. Reading is the best way to learn. In a world of social networks and “screens” of all kinds, the importance of reading has diminished. Students need to develop a love of reading, and if everyone who hates a book takes it off the shelves, then, as Paterson said, “we don't have any more books on the shelves for any of us. No book should ever be taken off the shelves. Never
Dear Diary, I believe that no book should be taken away from oneself for any reason. People @ MONTH1 are not mature enough for certain books, music, magazines, etc. Librarians keep all types of books and magazines, so what would be their reason for removing the material on their own ? I think there are different types of people in the world and everyone will want to read something different. If libraries are to take away material that people don't like, then material that others like will be gone. For example, if I were to remove the series '@ CAPS1', all fans of '@ CAPS1' would be furious and upset. But knowing that a lot of people love the show, my library is not going to do that. There are a lot of books that parents don't want their kids to read, but libraries aren't going to take them away on their own. Some parents won't want their kids and teens to read a rude, romantic book, but that's what other adults love to read. These books aren't going to go away, but if parents are having trouble with it, maybe they should talk to the library about putting an age limit on them. Parents can also check what their child or teenager is reading. But these books will be in the libraries forever and you can't make them disappear because you don't want your kids to read them. From experience, I have read a few racy books and they are disturbing to me, being an immature additive. But I'm not going to ask that the books be taken off of myself. Some books are very vulgar and mean in the way they describe fighting, wars, or abuse, but some people like to read texts like this for libraries to keep. If people have trouble with books, stay away from them and don't read them. It's that simple. In conclusion, I think all books should stay on the shelves because everyone has different interests and opinions. If someone has a problem with a book because they are racy or vulgar, they shouldn't prepare it, and if they don't want their kids and teens to read the book either, they should be a parent and not. not let him do it. They can't blame the library for books that they don't want their kids to read because it's not fair to the people who love those books and love to read them. Sincerely, @ PERSON1
Many thoughts and arguments people disagree with school libraries. The main reason is because of books, magazines, articles, and the Internet that contain content that is very disturbing to children. Such content requires material like violence, drugs, and nudity. In this argument, parents don't like the fact that their kids have resources for uncensored content. Or maybe parents don't care what their kids have access to. Libraries today do not focus on the materials they have on their shelves. This is how children might get the idea of being a " bad guy " at school. They think it's cool to see someone else doing drugs, violence, or nudity. But if the libraries censored the content in the library, then the kids wouldn't appreciate it if they had uncensored content. In the minds of parents, uncensored content should be kept away from children. Libraries should be more responsible for the content they have on their shelves. They know or don't know that they have offensive content in their library. They should remove all offensive and uncensored content from their children's shelves. It is not fair for children to see offensive or uncensored material. These are parents who have kids in school, who don't care what they learn or what they do. Parents should be more concerned with what their children are learning every day. Then they can at least teach their kids about the uncensored content. Parents and libraries should be more responsible for offensive content that children may eventually access. Children should not see the content because it is not suitable for a child. The fault lies with the parents and the libraries. They should be aware of the material that children are viewing
Do you want your nine year old @ CAPS2 to talk and read about inappropriate topics like sex or language ? No! I know I wouldn't do this for my @ CAPS2. I think offensive and inappropriate books should not be in @ LOCATION1 school or elementary schools with little ones or even @ NUM1 years old. And parents should be in control of what their children watch and listen to too. Honstley, we can't control the way people make movies or what singers say in songs, but we can control who listens to them and watches them. Only parents can control their children, no one else. In libraries, I have the impression that it is the librarians who let children read offensive books. And I don't mean disrespect, but don't you agree? I mean, think about it, librarians are the ones who control the books that are in the library, and I think they should make sure that the books that young teens consult are appropriate enough for them to read. . Those that don't involve sex or violence that @ NUM1 years old shouldn't read. Here's an idea, maybe libraries should ask @ DATE1 years old to sign a document or have some card with them that allows them to view that certain book or @ CAPS4. And he should have parental permission to show that the parents approve of it. But I think high school kids should only do it out loud because they're more mature than younger ones. They know not to start fighting or swearing at school. All I'm saying is I'm okay with this problem, parents are the reason their kids are immature and rude because they @ CAPS1 their kids get away with attitude and rudeness. So yes, parents and other people have the right to watch movies and books etc. But what about @ CAPS4 theaters, you ask ? DO NOT @ CAPS1 YOUR @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 AU @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5 @ CAPS6 YOU !!! It is that simple. High school students @ CAPS3 at @ CAPS5 after school with friends and come in to see rated movies @ CAPS7 @ CAPS6 parents. And I believe some of them are using fake @ CAPS8 so they don't need a parent with them. The teens will come back to @ CAPS3 that night and want to piece together what they saw in @ CAPS4. Even if it's sex, fights, or even language. It's really sad that parents allow this to happen and I think parents should grow up and disappoint their students. I have seen many parents let their children get away with their mouths and their attitude. Most of my parent friends @ CAPS1 their kids get away with everything. A friend of mine is really bad at getting what she wants. She told me she just had to cry and that she had what she wanted. I don't always get what I want and I don't want every new thing because I don't deserve it. I have to win to get a new phone or laptop. I ask my parents and they say either we don't have enough money or you don't need it and I get on with my life. But I don't want @ CAPS1 books or movies to control my life and change who I am. These things are not that important. I mean those who talk about the school or a random story that a stranger wrote that appeared in the school libraries. The stories or movies, etc. that teens should really pay attention to are the ones that are educational. Those who teach us about life and society. About the future and teach us what life is like as an adult and prepare us for the real world. Because once these seniors open the doors to high school and graduate, it's no longer about staying up late, sleeping and breaking up on the weekends. This is the real world, the world of adults. So please read this carefully and I hope what I have said has helped you understand why people are detecting these things. Why do children act the way they are? Libraries should detect certain things and not allow high school students to read them. Please think about what I said and thank you for taking the time to read this
In this millennium, we really shouldn't worry about censorship. People say so much worse in public and do worse things in public. On the other hand, parents of a child should watch their child and look to see what they are about to take from the shelf. It is the parents' fault if their child grabs a book with adult content. So why should we have censorship? If a CD contains adult content and the child is a minor and takes it off the shelf while listening to it, then it is the parents' fault for not being responsible enough to watch their child. The same goes for books etc. Now, if the child is old enough to understand what he is catching, he should be able to listen to him and ask questions about it. If it is a relationship between adults and the child accepts it, then the parent should explain everything and tell them what is going on. The parent should be the one who takes responsibility. Now if a book, music, movie, magazine, etc. contain racism, then it should be censored, unless it's history. Children under teens generally repeat what they hear or read. Ditto for teenagers too in fact! Books with the wrong type of words should be kept in a safe place or there should be an age at which you can get them. There is enough horrible language in the world, why should the library add to it by letting kids get their hands on these books and repeat what they hear. I remember when I was walking through a library and saw a little kid no older than @ NUM1 grab an adult book and started to open it and go through it. The parent was nowhere to be seen or heard, who leaves their child in a section of books like this? This young boy put the book down on the hard floor and began to undress. It wasn't anyone's fault, it wasn't the library, it wasn't mine. People should take responsibility, control their children and if they can't leave them at home! There are also some people who need books for their research and need to take books home for their projects. We should not have censorship and take away all the books that should be contained in children. Some of us need these kinds of books for our research and projects! No, we shouldn't have censorship in our libraries! I'm not about to miss a project or miss a good movie because some parents don't know how to control their kids and watch what they catch. We should be able to keep all the books, movies, magazines etc, there might be a way to censor most of the books, but they would need their own shelf, and they might be age limit or leave it out. pass that people could use. It would take too long to do that though. So keep our libraries full of interesting things without censoring them!
Libraries, for me, are a gateway to another world; where I can be whoever I want to be, and let my imagination roam wherever it pleases. Libraries should not have the option of removing a book from shelves based on its content. We're all different people, we don't all like the same kind of books. In addition, some @ MONTH1 books will be needed for research. Censorship in a library should not be allowed. First, there are so many different people in the world. Some people learn more about people from books. Imagine a @ NUM1 year old white boy growing up in an all white city. Never in your life have you seen a @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2. You go to the library and get 'The @ CAPS3 from @ ORGANIZATION1.' @ CAPS4 young boy has never been introduced to such racism. Books are history. Books learn. Books cannot be taken off the shelves just for their content. This content could be a whole new world for a young child. Second, libraries are so often used by students to write articles for school. Books are needed for research. For example, you are a student writing a research paper on abuse, including sexual, physical, and mental abuse. A young author is writing a non-fiction novel about her childhood, ranging from rape by her father at age six to bullying at school. After hours of research, you find that all local libraries have deleted the @ CAPS4 book for its explicit content. College students need books, no matter what they are about. Libraries are open to everyone. It's understandable that a twelve-year-old could easily get their hands on an inappropriate book for their age, but that's why libraries are divided into sections. If you find a book that is considered removed from the shelves, don't remove it, just move it to a safer, more mature place.
Book @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 I think by deleting some material such as books, music, movies and / or magazines it should be your choice. I always thought it was part of our constitutional law. I read a lot of urban books because it's @ CAPS2 that I like. They correspond to where I have been or where I am going @ MONTH1 in my life. No these are not the kind of books I would read to my grandchildren, but they @ MONTH1 choose later in life that they like urban books and movies too. You @ MONTH1 don't like reading documents that I like either, but that doesn't mean you should ban them. There are a lot of books and movies that I don't like but I wouldn't ask for them to be banned. If everyone started @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 that they don't like, there wouldn't be any need for movies, libraries or bookstores. Children would not have a future because they would not know where they came from. @ CAPS2 is bad for you @ MONTH1 will not be bad for me, or the next person. When you walk into a library or bookstore, you already have an idea of @ CAPS2 that you are looking for. If there are any books that are not suitable for children, they should have their own section that reads : "For @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4". We are the @ CAPS3 and the parents. We should be the ones who control our kids and @ CAPS2 they read and watch. I don't think @ CAPS1 materials would make the problem go away because kids these days, if they want them enough, will still find a way to read or watch them. Anne @ CAPS5 and @ CAPS6
Libraries are our way of finding out what happened in the past, whether it be fact or perhaps fiction. No matter what type of book, it always tells us the story of another place and another time. Libraries should not be censored. To remove a book because of a phrase that seems vulgar and inappropriate to young readers is a mistake. I understand that reading books with adult material like addiction and sexuality can lead to experimentation, but isn't that life? At least once in our existence on earth, we find ourselves curious about something that we are trying, just to see what it looks like. It's all a learning experience. History would probably be the trickiest subject in our libraries, mainly because we are ashamed of what we did over thirty years ago, the discrimination in @ LOCATION1, the @ CAPS1, and now the wars in the Middle. -East. Some countries do not even teach their own story to students at school because they are embarrassed about what happened or fear it will happen again if students know @ CAPS6, why and what happened. pass. Reading and knowing what our ancestors did will help us build a better future, not destroy it. The media today is full of adult content that is unsuitable for children under @ NUM1. If anything, we need to start censoring what we broadcast on TV and also what we post on @ CAPS4 and leave our libraries alone. Most of the books that are in our libraries have been there for about forty years, so there is no point in removing them when it has already educated young minds for over forty years. I really don't know why you would want to delete books or censor them with a sharpie marker. All that is done is give readers less material to read. In @ LOCATION2, primary educators are under no obligation to teach their @ CAPS6 students to spell. I walked into a third grade class and saw a girl spell @ CAPS2 '@ CAPS3' thinking that was the right reason for spelling @ CAPS2. @ ORGANIZATION1's excuse for not asking teachers to learn how to spell @ CAPS6 is that they should learn this by reading books every day. Well guess what @ LOCATION2, with the @ CAPS4, game consoles and iPods, little kids don't start reading like they did ten years ago and we're going to have a lot of future adults who don't know not @ CAPS6 to read and that's what it's gonna be like. '@ CAPS5 @ CAPS6 do you spell encyclopedia ?' '@ CAPS6 should I know, I haven't taught @ CAPS6 to spell in @ LOCATION2.' You see what I mean, so if you want to take away the ability to spell yourself better, don't take away our books as these are the only things that teach the future of our @ ORGANIZATION1 on @ CAPS6 to spell simple words. Today we have @ CAPS4, game consoles, iPods and @ CAPS8 for everyday entertainment. No one takes reading as a way to relieve boredom, they just sit on the couch watching TV. And now, if you cut back on reading material for teens and young readers, you're not encouraging us to read. You take out all the interesting parts of a book. To be honest, I'll read and reread a book a few times if it's a good story with an added sizzle. I don't like books that don't have drugs, alcohol, family stress, war stories, or even sex mostly because books without them are boring. When I read books like this they make me feel better about my life and @ CAPS6 I interact with others. I learned @ CAPS6 to manage all of these things from books. Most of my knowledge comes from these types of books and I would hate if my kids couldn't read the same materials as me at their age and learn from these books
I believe that some documents, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should never be removed from libraries, because although offending people still have the right to access this information. I formulate this opinion by the guidelines on which our country was built, freedom of expression and equality for all. If we started removing books, movies, etc. of our libraries because they are offensive, where would we draw the line between offensive and not ? To remove even a book from a library to offend a certain race or culture would be the start of a tornado of books withdrawn by all those who have never agreed with what is being said to their subject or their culture and ways of life. Now, let's stop and think about what it means for something to be offensive in the first place. People are offended by things in the world every day and the books and movies in our libraries are probably pretty low on the offensive totem next to the internet or the news I think aren't they ?. Additionally, the material we provide to our libraries is intended for people who also learn and teach, they are not meant to be offensive or rude and in my experience with libraries as a user of @ NUM1 + years, I never found anything offensive or hurtful to anyone. In my conclusion, there are just too many books on many topics already written to even begin to understand which ones are offensive and which are not and also which. In conclusion, libraries are a place of learning and teaching and the information they contain should be useful and constructive and not offensive or hurtful and starting to delete materials now would ultimately lead to the end of libraries.
Have you ever been offended? Did you go wild or just keep an open mind and come and try to figure it out? There are a lot of things that people offend every day in life. Thus, we should broaden our minds and regard these “ infractions ” as normal. You are at a party with a bowl full of candy posted right by the front door. You come in and take a piece. Wait, don't you want this room? What are you gonna do with this? Do you take all the pieces you don't like out of the bowl and throw them away, or do you just put them back in the bowl and pick a new one? If you throw out the candy, what does it mean to the other party guests ? You narrowed down their choices because of your own selfish opinion. This candy could have been the favorite of the guests. But, since YOU don't like it, you take away the privilege of other guests to eat this candy. They didn't deserve this, did they? If you are looking for books in a library and you come across a book that you are not interested in or that shocks you, put it back and look for a new one. If you're having trouble finding the right book, ask the librarian for suggestions on other topics or books to consult. Go to a new library, even, but don't play around with something that doesn't belong to you. Mostly, something as small as a book. The problem is, if you don't like something, then ignore it. The moment the book, and the book alone, begins to cause problems, it is the moment when anyone has to step in. But, come on, do you really think a book could cause a problem? If your child is having problems, don't you think you should check out what's going on with them instead of seeing if they've looked at the "book we hope none of our kids" have taken? on the bookshelf. This is quite possibly one of the last things I would think of to cause a problem, if I even thought about it. Opinions can cause a lot of problems. Sometimes people just need to keep their opinions to themselves, okay?
Libraries may contain books that are offensive to humans and animals. The highly offensive book may contain negative comments just to entertain the readers. I believe that all books, music, magazines, etc. should be removed from shelves if they are found to contain offensive and negative things about a human being. For example, in political cartoons inside newspapers, @ PERSON1 is sometimes compared to @ CAPS1. We, as @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3, take it very on the offensive when we call someone of our own race an @ CAPS1. I take this very offensive because back in the days when blacks weren't able to do certain things, whites called blacks apes. It's not a good thing to be offended, and the last place they need offensive stuff is in libraries. Libraries are supposed to have positive material on the shelves. A book that gives knowledge to those in need, not things that contain negative representations of human life. Additionally, children should be able to pick up a book and not be offended by it. One evening, my little brother came home with a book he had bought for the library. It was a white dog and a dark colored dog trying to find food and a place to sleep together. But one day the dark colored dog was left out in the cold while a loving family welcomed the white dog to their warm home. My brother felt so uncomfortable with this book that he decided to take it back that evening. Libraries can contain very offensive things that can make a person sick to their stomachs. Something offensive can hurt a person's feelings, and libraries should be the last place a person should feel uncomfortable reading a book. Even though my brother found a book he didn't like, he still keeps going to the library for some great books to read. Libraries are fun to visit, but they can contain some very offensive things that can hurt a person's feelings.
Censorship is present on television, in libraries, in schools and even in homes. Do you think censorship should be used? Censorship can be used to block personal thoughts and opinions in order to promote conformism. I don't agree with the idea of censorship. Not everyone thinks that people should be able to have their own images and visions; however, this is what makes our world so individualized. Censorship in libraries is growing more and more gradually. The government does not want @ LOCATION1's society, especially young people, to read things that are deemed inappropriate. Shouldn't it depend on his guardian, or if he is old enough, on himself ? When you read books you see the language is blocked, they take out parts of it to make the book more classy, they also block things like drugs and alcohol. A lot of people believe that books are the thing that really hurts society today. I believe the reading material could be a lot more educational if the publishers left some of the things they censor in the book. I believe so because if parents decide not to let their child read a story, it is up to them to decide; However, their child could learn more about certain situations and perhaps learn to deal with these difficult things. This opinion that censorship in books could be absolutely questionable. Censorship such as in the book, @ ORGANIZATION1 is used. The government is removing some words from this story because they are considered offensive. It's understandable too. I don't believe this amazing novel should be seen that way. The language was not meant to be used in an offensive way, but simply to indicate how people spoke and how things were done when @ PERSON1 was alive. If it weren't for books like this, how would society find out not only about @ LOCATION1's story, but about other cultures as well ? In all fairness, @ ORGANIZATION1 is an educational novel about how the times were back in the days of @ ORGANIZATION1 and @ CAPS1. Censorship in films is also increasing. The TV will block things like language, nudity, alcohol, drugs and things of that nature. I wouldn't like to turn on the TV and see these things everywhere, but it might educate people on the dos and don'ts. I believe that if censorship was not used, people's thoughts would be more inclined to imagine. Imagination can scare people. Some people think that the imagination can drive someone crazy or do something that is not normal; but what is normal? It's for the community, doing what everyone else is doing and not being different, it scares people. This whole essay brings me back to the idea that censorship is fundamentally conformism. The word conformism means that all become one; to comply with. If so, no one will ever come up with new books, music, movies, magazines or ideas ; we will all be citizens of @ LOCATION1 or any other culture trapped in our own minds
wow that's racist. like i said when i saw movi white men can't jump. Yes, this movie could have scared me a lot, but personally I thought it was funny, I enjoyed it because its real stats say black people can jump higher than white people. it all depends on how you look at it, you have to have a sense of humor when it comes to things like that. everyone remembers a time when someone said something offensive to them. but it's your choice to take it to heart or just laugh it off. life is so much easier when you don't cry over every little thing someone has said to you. see now i have a humor since. when i was in this movie i was laughing so hard i almost peed. I didn't care if he distinguished white people, so that's funny. killing a mochinburd was also a book that many people have called offensive and I can see why. there was a lot of the word @ CAPS1 in there. but back then, that was another time when the people in the book didn't tell you, so why would you be offended by that. he did not offend you. if you take little things like that to your heart then you will have a hard time getting through life. things you just have to let go and roll off your body. In conclusion, yes, we have been told a lot of offensive things, but you can't get so beaten down that you have to move on. and if you move on, you'll be a better person in the long run.
Books, music, movies, magazines, and more are a great way to learn. Some of these materials are bad, but others are good. Not all people are the same, and not all books or magazines are the same. Books, newspapers, and magazines are good things, and they can be bad things. Some speak of non-fiction and fiction. Others talk about famous people and all the good and especially bad things they've done this week, which some of us want to read but none of us should read or even write in the first place. Then there are books that contain a children's story. There are also articles everyone should read, like someone who saved a lot of people on @ DATE1. There is a varied amount of stuff to read out there, you just need to use a little discretion about what to read and put on the shelves of a public library. Music is another great way to express yourself. There is some good old school @ CAPS1 music such as @ ORGANIZATION1. Then there are stuff that no one should listen to, or even sing about like almost every @ CAPS2 Music. They also have little children's songs that no matter how boring they are, anyone can listen to them. Or you can pick up some good ol '@ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 or any other Christian or gospel artist. The music of this world is very diverse. Movies today can, but most of the time, not be good things. You can pick up an educational video that talks about animals that almost anyone could watch. There are also bad movies like @ CAPS5 and @ CAPS6. It's a horror movie that made it hard to fall asleep for a few days. These are certain that no one should even produce. There are also video copies of TV shows which can be good. The sheer amount of movies being made today shouldn't even be a thought in anyone's mind, but some are good and educational. So in conclusion, I think it should be the discretion of the reader and the viewer when it comes to the content of things like this. Libraries around the world should have almost everything there is. The next time you're in a library, use your discretion
Every library has tons of information on just about everything. There are tons of books, music, movies, magazines, and more that contain this information. There is even some information that might offend some people. On the other hand, someone else might totally agree. I think all libraries should keep all of their books on the shelves, no matter what type of content they have, because not everyone takes offense to certain content in books, and it's the same. vice versa. The race for subjects could come into play in some library books. The books contain information about people who do things to others simply because of their race. Some people want books removed from their libraries because of the content they contain, but this could really be an important part of the story that people need to be educated about. Some books contain words that are very offensive to people because of their skin color, religion or ethnicity. This information that people need to know because that's how people were treated back then and some things like that still happen today. Libraries have all kinds of information. I think all library books should stay there, no matter what is in them. Even though some content is offensive to some people, it could still be an important part of the story that people need to know.
In my opinion, books, movies, magazines, etc. should not be taken off the shelves if they are offensive to certain people. it's because everyone has different views on everything. Another reason is that for learning purposes in schools etc. Likewise, authors would not want to write books because the book shelves are empty and their books, movies, magazines are discarded. Since most people have different views on everything, every book or magazine would be taken off the shelf if it was offensive because, as a result, there would be no more book or magazine on it. shelf. This is because people think different things are offensive, so what someone thinks is offensive @ MONTH1 is not offensive to another person. Therefore, people would be angry or upset if their favorite book was taken off the shelves because someone said it was offensive. Another problem with removing " offensive " books from the shelf is that it will result in people not learning in schools, etc. This is because we all have to go through a time in school where we find something offensive like wars, slavery, and politics. If all these books were to be taken off the shelves, no one would learn any of this. In conclusion, no one would learn why these events happened and why these events are bad, so people would not have changed, they would continue to do these things because they had not been taught not to do it. In my opinion, it would cause a lot of conflict between people and no one would be informed about these events in history. On the other hand, instead of the books being taken off the shelves, the books would not be put on the shelves. By that I mean that writers, producers, wouldn't make movies or write books because their work keeps getting rejected. Not only rejected, but nobdy will spend time and effort making one for him to be rejected because he was offensive. In my opinion, it would be next to impossible for these writers / directors to make a book or movie that is harmless to everyone who is going to read or watch it. In conclusion, I have read many books in class each year that offend at least one person, but that person may choose not to complete the movie, book, or magazine if they find it offensive, or if they did. never read it again. In conclusion, there are many reasons why books should stay on the shelves even if they are offensive to someone. It's because it wouldn't help people to be educated about the events that happened, and people wouldn't read any books in school. Just as the authors would not write since their books are taken out and the shelves are empty
Why should we be more careful with what we receive in the library ? Libraries can have books with knowledge, fun, romance, and action or adventure, but some can be destructive and grusium. Children will often choose books that have pornographic or grusium action. It gets kids to act in different ways. They act hyper and mean to other people or even other children. They are sneaky and get things done behind the parents' backs. Why is it because they think they have to act that way because it's cool, but they don't understand that it makes them very ugly. “ So take them out ,” some of the parents are saying now. Even if we remove all the books that can be bad for our children, there will not be many books left. Because all the books these days have something bad for our minds. So why do we need to be more careful with the books we put in our library and the books we take out of our library ? It makes the world change very quickly. Now libraries are a great place to teach children. Books can teach them new things and expand their knowledge. The library is where all the kids come to who have reports or essays about important people. Some children go there just to read a book. From my perspective, the library is one of my favorite places. Wherever there are books involved, count me there. Having books fires our imaginations and takes us on adventures some of us will never get the chance to do. Sometimes books can cause events in families. Some of them give us nightmares or behave very badly. If we try to remove some of these books it will help families reunite, but also if we don't remove some books it will cause slippage. Because people and children think they need these books to survive in the world. Which is really just books and ect ... that get our minds imagining things that make us think we need them. Other writing media and even movies cause problems in today's world. Magazines can have girls with little clothing or other things that make boys' minds wander. Movies are even worse because the image is right in front of their faces. I'm not saying all magazines and movies are bad for us because they can be helpful too. Magazines can help us in research or just find out what is going on in this world today. They can also talk about many topics like cooking, decorating the bedroom, how to decorate your weddings, etc. Movies can help us research and also show us what happened back then. Like watching docromenteries, they are about people or what happened in our past. We don't need to release every movie or magazine, but we can do without it. So why do we need to be more careful about what we put in libraries? It can cause us to have bad behavior or bad dreams. So how can we help solve this problem? We can pull out books, magazines, movies and so on that are really bad for our minds. So, it can help our children to grow up well behaved and mature. One more thing, books, magazines, and movies can be a really good thing if we use them correctly. How do we know we have a good book? We find the right books for us by following our heart and our instincts
Author Katherine Paterson once said, “ We can all think of a book that we hope none of our children or other children have pulled off the shelves. But if I have the right to take this book off the shelf - this job that I hate - then you have the exact same right and everyone else too. And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us. The @ CAPS1 quote reflects people who want to get rid of some of the literature, books, magazines, music, and movies in libraries because they think the material is inappropriate. If we got rid of all the books in the world @ CAPS1, we would have nothing more to learn and some of the main sources of entertainment would disappear. I think that some documents should not be replaced on the shelves, because the young people of today need to learn the real past, people should learn how cultures really are, authors and writers must be able to s' express and parents should be able to control what they believe their children should and should not read. Without the books and novels of the past, present generations would have no idea what history is. Children should be allowed to read books such as @ ORGANIZATION1, The @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 and @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5 in order to get a taste of how times have changed. Grandparent stories only bring a person back about @ NUM1 years old ; we need sources that can take us back thousands of years. Some families, like a @ CAPS6 @ CAPS7 family, might be offended if their kids read books that say things like "nigger", but that's our story. This is something we cannot change, and it is important for children to know how things really went and how terribly people were treated. We also don't want today's youth to make some of the terrible mistakes made by generations past. We must therefore teach them real but sometimes horrible situations. Learning about different cultures would be another problem if books and movies were out of print. Money is not available these days just to travel to different countries and experience their culture. How is a small town girl from @ LOCATION2 supposed to find out how the people at @ LOCATION1 live their lives ? As far as she knows, people might live in igloos. I believe it is important for people to understand different cultures and religions in order to accept them in society. Movies can learn a lot about different countries, and books do a great job, too. If they disappeared, cultures would be misunderstood and forgotten. In addition, writers and directors must be able to express themselves. Since people are young, they are taught that it is important to be unique and to express their own style. Not all writers will want to write about butterflies and rainbows. There are people who like to write about violence, gore and segregation. These things are part of the world today and everyone has to face this reality. Getting rid of all those books from library shelves will not solve the problems; it would just make people not expecting what might happen to them or the world @ CAPS1. Now some parents @ MONTH1 have a hard time when their young boy comes home from school with an offensive book, but parents should be in control of their children. If they have a problem with what their children read, then they should take care of it personally. They don't need to influence the lives of others by trying to get rid of material from public library shelves. Why people would even consider getting rid of history and learning materials about cultures and different subjects of the world @ CAPS1 is beyond me. It would be like asking someone to turn back time so that we didn't have slavery, depressions, world wars and homicides. It is impossible to undo history, but we can learn from things of the past so as not to make the same mistakes and the same things of the present world in order to accept and understand. Books, magazines, movies, and music are wonderful. They represent self-expression and freedom of expression, so people should let them be a source of entertainment and learning. Without them we would be and have nothing
Many people believe that offensive materials should be taken out of the library because children might pick them up and look at them. I don't believe it should be done. They already have a kids section if a kid looks in an inappropriate book outside of the kids section, it's their fault. I don't think anyone should mind having to go anywhere else to get that cd, game, book or movie they were looking for. It is very difficult to come across an inappropriate book without looking for it on purpose. This could be a book used for health education or nursing lessons and is not meant to be inappropriate at all. These are a few things you should consider when choosing sides in this debate. Who knows we might have to vote on it someday
Who cares about things that go undetected anyway? Offensive things have existed in libraries, probably since the opening of the first library. As far as I can remember, there have been " offensive " things in a library. Now, is everyone supposed to share their opinions on removing these offensive books from the shelves ? What is the difference between someone saying something offensive or writing it down ? Okay, so maybe you don't want your child to read something undetected, but there's a good chance another child will say something undetected around them. If there is a book that is so bad that you wouldn't want your kids to read it, why would it have been published? Publishers read the books they publish, they won't publish anything at random. I think they just need to leave things undetected alone. If you can't be mature enough to take an article, book, or magazine seriously, then you don't need to read it anyway. In the news or on the radio you always hear about a bullied boy and other school stuff. It's not because of things going undetected, why don't they blame the parents and ask where they were at ? Parents look at anyone and everyone but themselves when a child comes home and has learned a bad word or something. It is never the parents' fault. If people remove undetected items from the library, it won't help and that's just my opinion. I know I don't have a say and it's ok I can still believe I'm right. Thank you for your time
When you were a child, how much did you learn from books? The books are filled with great stories from distant lands, tales of real events, and poems with powerful meanings. All of these books were written by one author with one clear point to make. These books should not be censored from libraries for words or ideas deemed offensive. Children have to learn these things at some point in their life and I think the earlier they learn the less problems it will cause them later in life. There are also freedoms in @ LOCATION1 which grant us freedom of speech. Shouldn't there also be a freedom to read? Authors are brilliant people. Without them there would be no books to read. We all need to respect authors and what they put in their books. This means that when an author thinks that a certain word or action fits in a book, we must leave that book alone and respect what he or she chooses to put in it. When I was a child, I understood everything. I was very curious as would any child my age. I remember wandering around my public library scanning the rows of books and reading the titles. There were books on politics, religion, sex, and violence. However, on the other side of the library were books about children fleeing their own world and time traveling in a magical treehouse. There were even stories of mice having normal feelings and conversations with each other! The library is large due to the plethora of knowledge contained in the unlimited inventory of books. As I got older I started to delve into more adult books such as politics and religion. I then formed my own personal opinions on what I collected from the books. Without these books in this library, I would never have been able to research these topics. There is an amendment in our @ CAPS1 from @ CAPS2 that promotes freedom of expression in @ LOCATION1. This allows anyone to say whatever they want as long as they don't violate someone else's @ CAPS2. The definition of library is a place where people can read and retrieve books from the library and return them whenever they want. Libraries should authorize every book in their collection, because every book has a value. Taking a book out of a library because of offensive content is not correct because books are important no matter what is in them. Some @ MONTH1 books contain material that may not be suitable for children. Children need to learn these things at some point in their lives. Why not now? Books are what we have all learned. Please let them continue to teach
Books that are offensive should not be removed from the shelf all together, but should be placed in a section reserved for adult readers. That way no child would see the book anyway. If an offensive book is in a school or other location where the readers are predominantly children, it should be acceptable to remove that book from the shelf. Overall, it should be okay to remove an offensive book from a shelf, but only if the book is offensive to the wrong audience.
I think everyone's opinion is different about some books that are taken out of the library. Do I believe that certain books should be removed from the library: yes and no. The reason I choose yes and no is that some books are useful to others for their course and research for the course they need them for. Another reason I say no is if the book offends you that you aren't reading the book or thinking about what is being said, leave it alone. The other reason I chose yes is if it shows hurtful words towards others that refer to the people it is talking about, then yes it needs to be removed before others start using this kind of hurtful words for the docks or their elders. If the book contains racial slurs against different races, then yes, they should be removed as soon as possible. If others grabbed hold of this kind of books, everyone would use them against each other causing an explosion of fights between people, just pure hatred between those who use it against different races. . These are my opinions on removing some books that contain hurtful things or meaning that may contain veil or call another person by name or race.
Should censorship be used on library books? Obviously, if you're talking to an adult then yes, there's a good chance that they don't want their students to learn inappropriate words, but if you ask a student the same question, you'll likely get mixed responses. Some might say 'I don't enjoy hearing or reading these words', others might say' of course why not, I hear them on TV, I see them on the internet, my parents say them so why can't I not read them. ' For me personally, I don't think it's a big deal to have a few inappropriate words in a book, but they shouldn't be allowed on college library shelves or below. In high school and up, I think it's good to have magazines, books, music, and movies on the shelves. When I was a kid my mom would always say not to swear but grow up in an environment where the overwhelming majority of people you talk to swear and then after a while it comes out like normal words. So why not have it in the books and the movies? It's not like we don't know what the words mean. If they hurt you, you know not to read it, listen to it, or watch it again. I'm not saying swear words are good and it's okay to be in every sentence you say, but hearing or reading a few won't kill you. In some cases, swearing is good for a story. Sometimes when you read a book and someone is arguing you don't even realize it until the argument is over, but sometimes when there is a swear word you stop and say : "@ CAPS1 something going on here, and I want to know what it is. @ CAPS2 grabs your attention and keeps you hooked to anything until you find out what happened. therefore; coarse language movies, books, music and magazines have an effect on our youth. Many children swear very early on, but this is how people communicate, show their emotions and get someone's attention. a. Censorship can take a lot out of a book, making it overall less interesting, so again, I think censorship shouldn't be a deciding factor in choosing a book, movie, movie. music or magazine. Choose it because it looks interesting and it's something you might enjoy er
There are a lot of books that are offensive to people. I personally agree. There are a lot of things that children shouldn't see. There is a lot of material there, like his books, films and other things that have a bad influence on children. Children learn by looking and observing. They learn from us and our generation. What better way to protect them than by removing their evil influences. First, kids watch movies and see people kissing and one thing leads to another. Some movies even show people having sex. What kind of influence is this on the kids. Let the kids learn and they go out there and do the same. Teenage pregnancies have jumped off the roof. High @ CAPS1 is full of pregnant teens. Wherever you go, I guarantee you will see a pregnant teenager. Some girls even become pregnant right after they have developed and have had children. Now imagine if we could stop this. There is a way ; don't let children watch these programs, that way they won't be tempted. Second, there are books, movies, and other stuff that shows kids shooting and killing and how people get away with it. It could be a very bad influence. There are video games with shootouts and limbs flying all over the place. Well the kids will learn from these video games and movies. They think killing someone is okay and you can get away with it. Bad influences like this make kids think it's okay to do things like this. There have been children who have killed their parents for a video game. Then the kids become grain killers or engage in a school shootout. Isn't that a lot of evidence to show people that something is wrong. We must immediately take control of this situation and stop it before one day you see your child on TV for killing someone. Finally, all children get lazier. All the kids do is lie down and watch TV or play video games. Their laziness causes obesity. There are many children this topic refers to. No parent wants to see their child overweight for many reasons. Obese children cause a lot of depression. The child feels sad because he feels ugly and loses self-esteem. The child then becomes shy and calm. In some cases, the child tries to kill himself because other children tease him every day at school. I know that no parent would want their child to die. These are things that happen and parents need to open their eyes and see what is happening before it is too late. In conclusion, to avoid all these catastrophes, we must change. There are many harmful and harmful influences on their today that can determine the future of children. There is still time to change, so let's do something about it. Let's try to cut down on teenage pregnancies, bad video games or influential movies, and instead of watching movies and playing video games all day long, let's get up outside and go for a walk. These are the little things we can do to change for good
I @ CAPS1 '@ CAPS2 think books should be censored. There are no books, except maybe math books, that @ CAPS1 '@ CAPS2 offends at least one person or group of people. Books are an important part of the learning system. If a certain book offends you, you must @ CAPS1 '@ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4. @ CAPS4 is that easy. you don't have to overreact to words on paper. In addition, there are bigger issues right now. While being offended by a book is bad, we have to realize that some people go through things much worse than this. One example is people who use drugs or have a family member who uses drugs. A better example would be the parents or guardians of a child who has been accidentally or intentionally killed. One of the most common but overlooked examples is the experience of loved ones of those who die in the service of our country. As you can see, if people can live with it, we can certainly handle an offensive book. Censorship causes blindness. What I'm saying is if we censor a shocking book, we have to censor every book someone finds shocking. All men are created equal, right? They should therefore censor the book. If a book offends you that much, listen carefully, @ CAPS1 '@ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 ! Just because a book is offensive to you doesn't mean @ CAPS2 means @ CAPS4 is offensive to everyone. Sometimes a history book can be considered offensive, so we censor @ CAPS4, then @ CAPS1 '@ CAPS2 learn from the mistakes of our past and repeat them. The point is, if a person can handle some of the things that I mentioned, then we can all handle a few words on a little piece of paper.
This is what is wrong with today's society. We are too soft. We are too worried about what others might think if we say this or do that. I'm the kind of person who doesn't care about other people's feelings. And I say that to a certain extent. If we are talking about my friends, my family, my girlfriend, it is totally different. I show a lot of respect to these people on a daily basis. But when it comes to people I don't know, I don't care what their beliefs, opinions, and outlook on life are. Maybe we should stop caring about others for once and just try to grow and prosper as a race. Has anyone thought of this? If I had done it my way, the @ ORGANIZATION1 wouldn't exist. @ CAPS1, radio, books, movies, magazines would not all be censored. Is life filtered and censored? Absolutely not! So why should these things be? I'm sick of people who constantly shield their children from the normalcy of life. They must learn someday. Life is not made of lollipops and rainbows. It's tough, ruthless, and it kicks you in the teeth. You just have to learn to adapt to it. And censorship in libraries, on @ CAPS1 etc, will not help, nor will it help at all. Guess I don't understand why we have to care so much about it. If everyone relaxed a bit and focused on themselves, they would be fine. Every time I hear the word 'offensive' it hurts my stomach because in my eyes there is no such word. It's a coined word that really means we care more about other people's feelings than our own.
I don't believe in library censorship. If @ CAPS1, we live in a free country and have the right to access any material we want from libraries. It doesn't matter whether his age is appropriate or not. If you don't want your kids to listen to this bad rapper or watch this @ CAPS2 rated movie, it is your responsibility as a parent to keep it hidden from them. Part of what makes @ LOCATION1 so great is the freedom that comes with living here. If we allowed anyone to censor a library, we wouldn't have books to read, movies to watch, or music to listen to. Katherine Paterson said, “We can all think of a book that none of our children or other children have taken off the shelves. But if I have the right to take this book off the shelf - this job that I hate - then you have the exact same right and everyone else too. And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us. this quote shows that if someone had the right to take a book off the shelf, we would be out of books. Censorship would only be the start. This could cause the government to censor information from the public that it does not want us to know. which would take away the greatness of @ LOCATION1, we would not be free. Censorship of libraries would deprive us of our rights. that's why I ask it
Should books, magazines, music, movies and ect. be censored for certain age levels ? No, they shouldn't. Books can be very informative. Sometimes you can't even find a book that doesn't have some bad stuff in it. Even if they do, sometimes it's the only way to learn some of our country's rich history. Books cannot be censored by children. Why do you ask? Because the reason people read books is to learn. Find out more about love, math, history, and more. These books are written by adults, not for adults, but for everyone to read. I read a lot of books, and every book I read teaches me something new. In the 19th and 20th centuries, swear words were huge in books. But it wasn't just to curse, it was to show all the character's dioulge. It also set the mood for the time and place where the story takes place. As in the war books, the characters curse a lot. The reason is that if a man is shot in the leg and all he says is “@ CAPS1 !!” This is not how the character would act. The man would curse himself at the top of his lungs. Not literally, but when the author writes what someone would really say, the reader will better understand the characters in the book. As the quote says, everyone has the same right to read, which is true. This is true because everyone has the right to be interested and to learn what interests them. Is not it ? I myself firmly believe that everyone should choose what they want to learn and then have the freedom to do so. So, should we censor the books in a library? No, definitely not. it's the best way for people to learn what life is really like. Sometimes you can learn just about anything without reading a book that has profanity, sex, or violence. People fear that reading books like this will create bad people if they learn these things at a younger age. But it is not, it will only show them how not to act. And can only create a better person.
I believe that if books, music, movies, magazines and etc. are offensive and are bad that they should be removed, the reason is because of the younger children. Young children are not exposed aloud to this stuff if it is bad or does not concern them. Since there are books, music, movies, magazines and etc. which are bad and offensive then I would suggest a room or some sort of place where they can be held and only adults can be around and can access them. Movies and magazines are my biggest thing that would worry me. There are more bad things in them than in books or music. Books and music have foul language but very rarely have bad pictures or anything like that. If it happens that a book, music, movie or magazine that you or anyone else finds inappropriate or offensive, you or that person will be permitted to remove it and show it to the main office, and let them know what you think about it. I think they should separate censorship in libraries to keep children safe. They should say out loud that they are censoring books, music, movies and magazines because adults can handle this kind of material where younger ones cannot. So therefore to keep everything separate, and there shouldn't be a problem.
Many people are very severe with their thoughts when they believe in something very strongly. In the eyes of other people, @ MONTH1 you find people who disagree and agree with you after having had similar life experiences. All people's opinions are created by life experiences and the many tragedies from which they have been separated. Sooner or later you will find that some of the issues a lot of people face, that there is someone out there who has a lot worse than you and you should take advantage of every moment that you can. Opinions often alternate on many different things, being gay is one of the many topics people debate most often. In my opinion, it doesn't matter whether you are gay or not, you have to understand that everyone is different in their own way. Exception is the key to getting everyone to get along at some point, but people struggle with homophobia. Another big debate that many people have is with the opinions of women and men. It seems they don't get along because they don't agree, but neither could live without the other. It's almost impossible to find a man or woman who agrees with you @ PERCENT1, unless they pretend there isn't something. From the life experiences of arguing parents, arguing friends, and other family members, you see people forgiving and forgetting so easily because the world is meant to be gifted and cherished every day. . Overall, I believe most of the books are based on reality and other peoples' views of the world and what they see. I also find it interesting when people are very dramatic when trying to get the point across. It helps others get a clear idea of who and what they are going through.
I believe all the books are supposed to be in the library. People wouldn't want them to leave if they thought about it like I did. It makes sense that we need all kinds of books to learn. Some @ MONTH1 books look bad, but when you think about it, there is always a good lesson to be learned. There are many different reasons why all books should stay on the shelves, but here are a few of mine. Two years ago there was a boy named @ PERSON1. Time and time again he found himself in bad situations that he didn't know how to handle. Many parents do not tell their children about certain things, such as drugs. It makes children oblivious and curious to find out the truth. He had no other way of figuring out how to deal with fights, drugs, and alcohol unless he had read a book. When he was almost sixteen, he started dating a bad group of teenagers. They were going to take @ PERSON1 to a party. @ PERSON1 secretly left his house and went there because he was curious. When he got to the party, everyone started drinking. He knew he still wanted to try it, but he wasn't going to because he had to be home before his parents got up at five the next morning. After several hours of sitting on a couch watching everyone do it, they finally got him to talk. He told himself we wouldn't do any harm. Long before long, one became two, two became four, and it kept increasing. @ PERSON1 was having so much fun that he lost track of time. He looked at the time and it was three in the morning, he was really worried. He didn't know what to do until he thought about a book he had read. The book was about a guy drinking, the guy had found another way to get home than to drive. The guy decided he would drive home because he wasn't very drunk. On his way home, he retreated to a highway at the wrong time. A semi-trailer hit him on the left side of his car. After thinking about this book, he decided to be brave and call his parents. @ PERSON1 knew he would be punished, but decided that grounding would be better than injury or death. @ PERSON1 asked his dad to come pick him up at the party. He was grounded for two months. It would have taken longer if her parents hadn't been so proud of her decision after all. @ PERSON1 was also happy with his decision. Events like this are the exact reason I think almost any book belongs on the shelf. The story of the book of wach helps everyone understand what needs to be done in real situations. I know books help me understand a lot of things. Even the dos and don'ts. If you just give every book a chance, you'll find a good reason to read it.
Do I think there are some books, music, movies, and magazines that should be taken off the shelves if they are found to be offensive ? Yes, I think they should be taken off the shelves if they are found to be offensive to some or most people. Some can be a bad influence on young children. Some can be offensive to someone's race or religion. It could also be offensive to people based on who they are or what they do. Some documents need to be removed due to the type of influence they have on young children. Some books may have violent language and actions in the book. Most magazines contain inappropriate articles that they shouldn't read or even watch. Music these days is very self-explanatory and doesn't need to be in the hands of children. Some parents don't even care about the music, but it's one of the most influential things. So this is one of the reasons why some books, music and magazines should be taken off the shelves. There is a lot of music and movies that are very offensive to certain races and religions. Hip @ CAPS1 is one of the most self-explanatory types of music and is very offensive to all kinds of religions and certain races of people. Movies are the same with music. The magazines have some articles which are racist and some articles which are very offensive to certain religions. Lots of magazines have very bad, sad, and private celebrity stories. In the past, there have been celebrities who sued magazines and newspapers that published the wrong story or something too private. These are just a few of the reasons why certain books, movies, music, and magazines should be taken off the shelves if they are found to be offensive. No one knows what people think of themselves or the things around them
NO, I don't think music.movies.magazines, etc., should be moved from libraries, because what is a libaray with only books ? In even though you must read and be calm and be seated. You can listen to music on the computer and watch and watch movies you like @ MONTH1. And magazines to keep you up to date with the latest fashions, new looks or something going on and our community. Music is what you are used to listening to when you come to the library. It sweetens the mood and if you @ MONTH1 are in a bad mood, that music that you @ MONTH1 like @ MONTH1 is calling out for in you and better. It relaxes you. You can be on the computer and continue to listen to music. While reading a good book, you can listen to music. Movies are a good source when and in the library. You can watch and check out movies during and the library. Take home and watch. You can watch all types of movies. Movies you like @ MONTH1 and it can also be movies you need @ MONTH1 for a project or even educational movies. If you are used to learning about nature, animals or even a person @ CAPS1 from @ DATE1. It's always good for a movie and the library. Magazines and a library are very helpful. Because while you @ MONTH1 are waiting for something or whatever on the computer, you can sit down and grab a magazine. In the library there is a variety of magazines you can read such as sports, fashion, nature, cartoons, animals, etc. Magazines are therefore very useful and constitute a library. That's why I say no, because they shouldn't be removed from libraries because you can. lots of good stuff and the lab besides reading a book and getting on a computer. Movies and music magazines are useful and a library for. Who just used to get on a computer and read a book. '@ CAPS2 @ CAPS3'.
The library is a path to knowledge, which branches off on many different cultural routes. It has grown from a simple place of books to a building that also houses music, movies, magazines, and other forms of media. But, the question arises as to whether certain materials should be excluded if they are found to be offensive. There are several ways to approach this question. Is censorship a response to offensive content or a response to what is not " politically correct " ? Often times people will claim that some work is unfair without understanding the point of view of the alleged victim. It's quite ironic that those in power - who defend the offended parties - often don't understand them better than the creator of the work. Another reason for censorship is to protect children from unwanted content, which is very understandable. But where in the process do parents control exactly what they want their children to access. I believe it is the parent's responsibility to determine such restrictions. If a parent gives a child unrestricted access to material in a library, then the child should be able to explore where their curiosity takes them. If the parent chooses to limit access, they must be active in the selection process. It is the right of those who have given birth and are raising these children to determine how they are guided. I myself am a musician, which is no more artistic in a way than any other creator, such as an author. My designs are expressions that I give the world to appreciate and think about. To remove an author's work from a library is to undermine his ability to disseminate his thought. Of course, there are other outlets for acquiring books, but the library is one of the best. There are some complications that will arise in censorship of libraries. What guidelines do you have for determining the exclusion of offensive material ? If a material offends a person, is it enough to exclude it, or do you need a larger group? It is unrealistic to always achieve full consensus on a group's opinion, so how do you determine what is offensive and what is not. Overall, I think everyone should have the opportunity to acquire whatever material they want from a library. It is an institution that allows a person to go to places they will never go and live a life they will never live. Its ability to do so must not be compromised.
In third grade, I picked up a book from the shelf at my local library that had an interesting cover. It was pretty big, but I had grown to love reading around this time in my life, so I decided I was up for it. The genre of the book was fantastic which I loved very much. However, some parts of the book baffled me. There were scenes involving women I didn't understand, and a lot of new words. Finally, I came to ask my father for a certain part of the book. He read the passage and his eyes widened. I never finished this book. No doubt I had a learning experience reading this book, but as my dad obviously thought it was a bit too much for this time of my life @ MONTH1. If my mom didn't want to make a big deal out of it, my dad would have had a little chat with this library. Now that I'm old enough to understand what was going on in this book, I realize that I have lost some of my innocence because of it. There is simply material that is not suitable for children, and it should not be put in our public libraries. Not to censor what is put on the shelves seems foolish to me given my experience. If I have a son someday, I want to be the one to talk to him about the delicate matters of women and swearing; it shouldn't be from a fictional book. I also don't like the other materials found in our libraries. The music I see has artists writing their songs without thinking of the kids, the movies have up to @ NUM1 ratings, and the magazines promote gossip and have sexual references. Overall, I find it disappointing that our libraries have allowed some of these things on their shelves. Thinking back to my experience in third grade, I wish I had never seen this book. Maybe it would have allowed me to keep a little more innocence a little longer, and maybe I would have respected women more in my youth. I would love to see more censorship in libraries so that we can protect children today until parents choose to open their eyes to the world.
Have you ever noticed how many bad materials are available for kids? A movie, book, magazine, music or even something on @ CAPS1 ? It would be nice to get rid of all that bad material, but what if someone else doesn't feel the same about this song, movie, or show @ CAPS1 ? I think it would be horrible if we removed all the bad material because it might cause violence between some people who don't agree on this, and it goes against one of our rights, the freedom of expression. In the world we live in today, if you take something away from someone like their favorite book, it's going to bring out some violence between some people. Look back in our history, we are a country full of rebels. This is how @ CAPS3 was even born. So take something away from the people, they're going to stand up and fight for it. There will always be people who try to smuggle and hide certain things, so we can never get rid of them completely. If you remove all the bad material, that would be taking away one of our rights, freedom of speech. Some @ MONTH1 documents are offensive to others, but it's not like we have the right to get rid of them. It's not like there's a book, magazine, or even a song that won't shock anyone. If we remove all the offensive material, we should remove everything. So what good is it that we will never all agree on something, we can not please everyone. By removing all offensive material, you take away people's right to free speech. Do not try to remove all the offensive material, it will just bring violence and make everything much worse than it was. If you are a parent, it's not like you can protect your kids from everything because eventually they will learn what it is. It will therefore be pointless to try to get rid of it. He will always be there. It's just something in our world that we have to live with
Do you think libraries should remove items that some people find offensive ? Do you find some material offensive and want libraries to remove them ? @ CAPS2 is a major problem that many people don't often think about before they act. Here are a few situations that many people encounter : If one person finds an @ CAPS1 offensive but no one else finds it, should we delete @ CAPS2 ? Many libraries are wondering whether or not they should remove an offensive material due to the opinion of some people. It's because they know people like @ CAPS2 and they know people don't know them ; they are wondering whether or not they should remove the item because a few people find @ CAPS2 offensive (this could range from books, music, movies, magazines, etc.). People often think they are doing what is best for everyone by asking library staff to remove something they find offensive. Honestly, they only help people who want to remove @ CAPS2 and say nothing i.e. if the library removes the offending item. If the library deletes the offending item, it @ MONTH1 loses a client, if it does not delete the item, it @ MONTH1 loses a client. They are therefore faced with a dilemma : "to delete the item or not to delete the item ?" " @ CAPS2 is a difficult decision, especially when @ MONTH1 lose more than a few customers based on one or the other choice. So what are they doing? They @ MONTH1 poll customers and see what they think, they @ MONTH1 do nothing at all, or they @ MONTH1 delete the item to satisfy the person. The problem is what happens if @ CAPS2 is a friend who liked the article and you don't want to hurt their feelings because the article has been around forever and they like @ CAPS2 so much, but can't afford to buy @ CAPS2 at one store. What are you doing then? Often people don't want to think about other people's feelings and / or the decisions they should make for something as small as an “ offensive ” item, and they say things they wouldn't normally say just right. to get said item 'out of their sight.' @ CAPS3 just don't want to know about choices, feelings, opinions etc. others. So what would you do if you found something offensive in the library ? Would you like to request the removal of @ CAPS2 ? Do not say anything? @ CAPS2 is your choice in the end, but not everyone has the same tastes as you when it comes to books, music, movies, magazines, etc. So think about the feelings, thoughts and possible opinions of others before making a decision.
If you were offended by a book in the library, would you like it removed from the shelves ? I wouldn't say there is no point in removing it, there are a lot of books that offend people, this book is not just about you, the same is true for movies and music. Books should be able to be written about anything that interests people. Some people @ MONTH1 don't find the same thing offensive as you, not everyone thinks the same. If books were about the emotions or the way people look at them, there wouldn't be so many books in the world today. It is a free country and we have the writing to speak and write about whatever we want out. Movies are another way to make yourself feel or express yourself. People find most movies offensive, but movies aren't made up of what people think about them either. We can express whatever we can in whatever we do in the movies. No one or no race is the center of attention in the movies that the folks at @ MONTH1 feel like, but it's a personal thing that the folks at @ MONTH1 go through. Music can be produced or even rapped or sung in different ways to reach people. @ MONTH1 music is the most shocking these days, but the music is also far from bringing out emotions and freedom of expression. I've never felt offended because of a song I've heard or whatever people are going to say what they feel and want. Freedom of speech goes a long way in the world, people have to get used to it or be offended. Books, music, movies or magazines will not be taken down because of emotions. I consider it to be a means of artistic expression that shows how people think and react to things
Many books and materials in libraries are sometimes offensive to some people, but that doesn't mean they should be taken off library shelves. Material that might be offensive to one person may be of great interest to another. If you hated the topic of the story and had the right to take it down, then someone else might come and take away a topic you love, science. If it is offensive to the general public, it should be placed in a special section, be available behind the counter, or only available in specific libraries. Across libraries around the world, there are two general sections, the adult, children's and entertaminet sections. In these sections locate many topics and views on Ceartian things. Sometimes it is very offensive and it is almost " hidden " from view and has to spend all day looking for it. Controversial topics should be kept in a closed section of the library and can be viewed by staff so that no one can worry. Like cigarettes in a store, something should be behind the counter where the material can have a watchful eye on it. These topics include sex, racism, pornography, politics, and other content similar to that listed. With these items behind the counter, people won't know and they will be hidden from view, but still accessible with a special order or request. It would help the public. Certain documents, when they arrive in a particular city, can cause an uproar that can shake an entire community. Certain documents should be banned from entering small towns, and the specified documents can only be acquired from large libraries or specific bookstores. With the hardware far away, people can be reassured in small towns that the hardware will never upset their community. This is why certain materials should only have pre-meticulous access under close supervision.
I don't think they should be taken off the market because some people find it offensive. The way I see it is that everyone has their own beliefs and opinions. Not everyone will think the same. For example, some people are against black people and some are not. Everyone thinks differently and has their own opinions, so they should all be able to listen to anything. Not everyone is going to love what you love, listen to and believe in everything you do. Don't read it if it offends you, but just because it offends you doesn't mean that someone else doesn't believe or like it.
All over the world there are libraries. Libraries have all kinds of material stacked on shelves. Most of the material is useful and enjoyable, but some are not. I think libraries should be able to have whatever they want on their shelves. Yes, I understand that some of these @ MONTH1 documents are inappropriate for a certain person, but there is a way to fix this. If libraries have books, movies, music, etc. inappropriate. I think they should be able to keep them. Just because some people don't know about this material doesn't mean that not everyone will like it. Everyone has their own style, everyone likes different things and has different opinions. Isn't that what makes the world go round? Adults @ MONTH1 have a problem with offensive material because they have children who go to the library. I understand their concern, but there may be a way to prevent them from accessing inappropriate material. If libraries are going to have this stuff in their libraries, I think there should be a blocked room that kids can't go to. That way, people who like that stuff can still access it, but kids can't. We go to school for a number of reasons. Some be; to learn, prepare for college and be independent. While we are in school, not only do we learn things like math and evolution, but we also learn what is going on in the world around us. If you haven't noticed, it's just bullying, damn songs, and horrible movies. We children and adolescents see and hear about this every day. Since we are already learning and knowing all of these “ offensive ” things , why not have them in our libraries for others who wish to study them ? There are many different types of material in libraries. Some good for kids and teens and some inappropriate. I understand parents' concern about censorship in public libraries, but there is a way to stop it. I think as long as it's stuck in another room everyone will be fine and it won't cause any harm
Censorship is the idea of blocking or removing things that are offensive to people's beliefs, religion, race, and simply their way of life. Therefore, I don't believe that books in libraries should be censored. I understand that the things people write can be offensive to yourself or to others, but what if you find a book that describes someone else's beliefs but not yours. Would you still be okay with taking those books off the shelves? In addition, removing books from a library will not prevent children from learning things that are not appropriate for their age. If you don't want your child to learn about them, don't let him / her understand. You censor what your child reads and don't punish people who go to the library and need the book. There would be no more libraries if people really wanted to start removing books from the shelves because they were offensive. Some people in this world would take it too far and be offended by anything. The things people will read in books or magazines and see in movies are nothing compared to what they will see in the real world. So if anything, the books @ MONTH1 are offensive to people only shows you that you won't like anything anyone writes or says. As for the movies, they're already rated on a decent scale. If it is not suitable for the age, do not look at it or leave your children. The same goes for video games and music. Censor them from your children, and don't have them censor all over the world. This is my opinion on censoring things in libraries. Just because you don't agree with everything someone writes doesn't mean that someone else in the world isn't. Of all the things that need to be censored, the library is not one of them. Of all the places, removing things from the library shelves won't do justice to what really needs to be done.
Some materials should not be removed from shelves if they are deemed offensive for three reasons. The first reason is that what may offend you @ MONTH1 is not for someone else. The next reason being that the thing considered offensive can help teach others. The final reason being that if we all removed what we don't like, the world wouldn't be what it is. The first reason is that what offends you @ MONTH1 isn't offensive to someone else. In this society we live in, we should not rely on our own options because everyone has the right to free speech. History shows that many different people found different things to be offensive because some people think the book that has gays shouldn't be in the books, but many think the opposite. It's a good example of how people have different opinions. The next reason is that the thing seen as offensive can help teach others many different things. Libraries being a place of study and learning should have a bus loaded with different things even if some are offended. In fact, some books teach us that we shouldn't be offensive because it doesn't matter how a person feels and as long as you have someone who loves you. The final reason being that if we all removed what we don't like, the world wouldn't be what it is. Books are a way for someone to give their own perspective if you don't like it, take no offense and try to pull it off the shelves. The @ LOCATION1 has a government where they take everyone's opinion. A great example of this is state funding of schools, which is a big deal. We shouldn't just suppress the school because somebody doesn't like it. In conclusion, some materials should not be removed from the shelves if they are found to be offensive for three reasons. The first reason being that if you find something offensive, it is not for someone other than @ MONTH1. The next reason is that the thing seen as offensive can help teach others many different things. The final reason being that if we all removed what we don't like, the world wouldn't be what it is.
Dear Katherine Paterson, Do you think that certain documents, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should be taken off the shelves if they are found to be offensive ? Honestly, I don't think it's necessary as not everyone @ MONS1 finds these materials offensive. If a few people think that a certain book or something is offensive, then don't read it or pay attention to it, don't take something from someone they like. I think if there were people who found a certain topic interesting and there were also people who found it offensive, they should keep the material and people who didn't like it would just have to to recover. Either way, I think they shouldn't delete these documents, unless everyone agrees that it's offensive. It's not fair to anyone who likes this topic just because someone found it offensive. Now if a magazine aimed at the public is racist or something like that it can maybe be considered deleted but other than that I see no reason why you should take something back that some people @ MOIS1 enjoy . Let's say I like hunting movies, books, or magazines, and people find it offensive to kill animals for fun or for food. Just because this single person doesn't like that certain thing doesn't mean they should take it away from everyone. This is just an opinion on things and you can't always get what you want so just do it. Well, these are my thoughts on whether or not you should delete material that some people find offensive instead. My final opinion is if you don't like the material and it offends you that you don't read it or have anything to do with it. Other than that, you shouldn't take material away from people unless everyone agrees. Sincerely, @ PERSON2
Many @ CAPS1 have different opinions on what is appropriate and what is not. It depends on his beliefs and his morals. Personally, I don't think there should be censorship in libraries. I think @ CAPS1 should have the freedom to choose what to read, watch or listen to. Each person should be able to make a decision based on what they believe. It also depends on the age and maturity level of a person. Some parents let their kids watch certain movies that other parents might not want. The situation is different for each person. It is difficult to judge some materials as some @ CAPS1 might find it acceptable while others might not. There would be controversy over pretty much anything because everyone has different standards of what is acceptable and what is not, and those standards would conflict with each other. It would be impossible to ensure that nothing in the libraries would be offensive to @ CAPS1. If someone finds something offensive, they don't have to check it out. I also think there are some things that can be done to help calm the argument. For example, materials can be classified by maturity level. That's what ratings are for. Documents should be organized in such a way that @ CAPS1 can easily see whether they would be offensive or not. For example, all children's movies and books can be put together so that parents don't have to worry about their kids seeing or reading something that would be inappropriate. It should be obvious to @ CAPS1 who would find this offensive and who would not @ CAPS1 should have the individual freedom to make decisions for themselves. A library is a public place where anyone can go and find whatever they want. Just because someone finds a book shocking doesn't mean no one should be allowed to read it. That being said, there are things that can be done to let @ CAPS1 know if something would be offensive or not.
How would you feel if you wrote a story about your life and someone found it shocking, then they would take the book off the shelves ? I have a feeling that censorship in libraries is becoming a controversial issue for the following reasons : it is wrong to suppress freedoms, people have different opinions and views, and some books, magazines or songs attempt to make people aware of the dangers. An important aspect in which censorship becomes controversial is; it takes away our freedom of speech. In @ LOCATION1, we have the right to express ourselves. If everything we read was censored, there would be nothing to read. The freedoms and freedoms of the citizens of @ CAPS1 should not be taken away because of anything that is considered inappropriate. Another reason I think censorship is bad is; different people have completely different opinions on things. One person might think that a book about a sexual assault victim is offensive, while another person might think the book is informative and helpful. No one can base censorship on a belief or idea, because it will never be the belief or idea that everyone approves of. A third reason why censorship should not be applied so much is; it removes awareness from the dangers of everyday life. Stories of people who have been kidnapped or have been in a car accident because the person driving was under the influence of drugs can be a good thing. Even if the @ MONTH1 story contains accounts that are not appropriate, it could be very influential and convince someone to make the right choice. If we censor stories of kidnapping, drugs, alcohol, or people making the wrong choices, no one will be able to read a story about it and make the right choice instead of making the same mistake the person made. While stories or magazine articles that @ MONTH1 are seen as vulgar are looked down upon, they do help raise awareness, give them freedom of expression, and allow them to have their own opinions. Censorship in libraries and media should be abolished
In fact, I think they should be able to be taken off the shelf. On the other hand, I don't believe anything racist should be on the shelves in the library. Teenagers these days want to be able to choose a book that they can truly relate to and the same goes for a movie, music, and magazine. You can't help what people want to listen to or like to read or watch. I don't really like robot movies or any of that bullshit so this wouldn't be something I would choose to watch. On the other hand, I don't think it should be removed from the library just because I don't like it. Also something like @ CAPS1 in @ LOCATION1, I don't think it should be removed from the shelves just because of the title. Family @ CAPS2 is a really fun show, but it also has a lot of bad language in it, but I don't think it should be deleted because that's what people love to watch. Teens want to be able to read what they can relate to, but some of the things in the book can be offensive. If they had nothing to read that they could relate to, hardly anyone would read. Not everyone listens to the same music but a @ NUM1 year old doesn't want to listen to barney, they want to listen to music that they like and think is cool, but on the other hand, the other @ MONTH1 don't. don't like it. Not letting yourself get something off the library shelves because it's bad is like saying you can't eat a certain type of food because it's bad for you. If people couldn't listen, read, or watch the things they love, they'd be fucked up and very upset. I think people are entitled to their own opinion, even though some people's opinions can be pretty stupid. Not everyone likes the same things and we shouldn't have to.
From my own observations, I do not think there is a need to remove material from libraries. All students have the right to read / learn about different subjects. Even if that includes some of them being offensive. Some subjects may be considered offensive, such as the holocaust for example. If we don't learn what happened during this horrific time, it could happen again without even knowing it has happened before. But it is the students' choice to read up on this topic or just ignore it if it is considered offensive. In conclusion, I don't believe that materials in libraries should be censored or taken off the shelves. People need to learn a little more about everything that is going on in this world in order to become a better, more educated, and well-rounded individual.
I think there should be censorship not only in libraries, but everywhere. Personally, I think the way libraries have books is appropriate and if parents don't want their kids to go where they don't know, keep a hand at bay. As for parents, parents know the area that interests them. them, so parents should go
How would you feel if you were in your local library and found something with something offensive in it ? Many people would not approve of having offensive material in their library. The library is open to everyone and everyone can view the material. Libraries should make sure there is nothing offensive about their materials before putting them on the shelves. Everyone has access to the library in your neighborhood and can see everything there. Many things that can be found in your library could be offensive; but how would people know what is offensive and what is not? Libraries should not have this access. If they still have it in your library, there should be a warning or it should be on a high shelf. Libraries need to be aware of what they are putting on the shelves and whether it is appropriate or not. In addition, children also have access to the public library. Most of the time the child is accompanied by an adult, but sometimes they can pick something up before you can stop them. If there is something offensive within a child's reach, they can grab it and see what's inside. Most libraries have a children's section where you can be sure there is nothing offensive about it. Not all children will go only to the children's section, so there should not be any offensive material in the library or at least within the reach of children. Finally, libraries choose what to put on the shelves and they never know who will be looking at it. If there is any offensive material in their belongings, anyone can see it and it might put a negative thought in some people's mind. There are some people who are mature enough to see the offensive material, but there are others who cannot. Those who cannot, that @ MONTH1 reflects something negative on them and @ MONTH1 causes problems. Therefore, there should not be any offensive material in the libraries. In @ CAPS1, libraries should not provide offensive material. If there are people who want to see this stuff, there are other ways to get this material. There shouldn't be access to this in your library because anyone can see it and you don't know how it will affect them. If there is to be offensive material in your library, there should be an adult area where only people over @ NUM1 can enter. If there is something offensive that is open to anyone, I hope that one day libraries will eliminate them.
I believe if there are any offensive books, music, movies, and magazines, they are in the libraries. I think they should get off the shelf, @ CAPS1 people shouldn't want kids to read or watch things they shouldn't watch. Today I am going against the opinions on censorship in libraries. I think we should fight for what libraries should have in the building for our kids to read. Materials that libraries have that are offensive should be placed elsewhere for older people. Not for kids who go to libraries. I ask the newspaper to help us fight for what libraries should have on their shelves for our youth and are for children. And what kind of book should be in the children's part in the bookcases on the shelf. We should have the right to take the books off from the children's side . And have the right to put offensive material aside for the elderly who love books, music, movies and magazines, but not for young children to read. The point I'm trying to make is that we should think about what our children should learn. And what they should know as a youngster. They shouldn't grow too fast like some people. We need to do better for our young children. So they can do the same for themselves and for their children someday.
If you walk into a store and see a book you don't like or a magazine you don't care about, should you be able to get rid of it ? My answer to that is no, you shouldn't. You don't own the books in the library and you don't have a say in what is displayed in a store. You are the viewers and buyers of these suppliers and if you don't like it, don't buy it or watch it. When I was in eighth grade I went to @ LOCATION2 for a church mission trip. There were a lot of cool things there that I saw. It was one of the most popular places in @ LOCATION1. When we weren't working or serving others, we were walking around and shopping. There are a lot of people in this city and it was crowded all the time. Now that being said, there were a lot of different stores and there are some in my opinion at the time that I thought were very inappropriate for my age. My whole group walked into a store we really didn't belong to and we had no idea what kind of store it was. Our actions were just to nod our heads goodbye to the cashier and go out and continue our day of shopping. We haven't removed any books, photos, or even magazines from this store. The reason is that it was their store and we had no right to take anything out. After we left other people walked into this store and liked what they saw if we had removed these items that they would not have been able to see what they liked. It would be like someone removing something from a store that I love, that is, I would never see it and would not want it. If you walk into a store and see something you don't like, you shouldn't be able to try to get rid of that item. Whether you want your kids to see it or not, you can't do it. You take your own risk walking into a store and seeing what they have in store for you. You are there to browse or buy a few things if you want too. Each store should have its own unique things and what you find offensive that others might like. This also goes for the opposite of what other people find offensive that you might like. It is a big chain with many loops. So let's say you remove this document from that shelf or shelf. Now that material is gone because you thought it was offensive. Suppose another person walks into the store and takes something off the shelf that they find offensive. Now there are two things that came off the shelf, but you actually liked what they took off the shelf and you're upset that they took it off. It will cause a lot of conflicts and big situations in the future if it is allowed. One person likes it, one person doesn't like it. If you don't like what you see in a store, you shouldn't go in or you should just ignore the things that shock you. Here are some of my opinions on this category. I think you shouldn't be able to take items off the shelves and terminate products from other stores. Always be aware of what you are getting yourself into and know the outcome of the decisions you make. This could lead to a lot of job losses and a lot of conflict between buyers and viewers like you. I hope you will take this into consideration and understand my reasoning for what I said
Libraries are very educational. They provide books, movies, magazines, music, and computers for you to locate what you are looking for. I don't think the libraries include anything offensive. If someone finds something that a library has that is offensive to them, then they should talk to someone who works on it and see if they can work it out. It shouldn't be deleted because not everyone @ MONTH1 finds it offensive. I have been to many libraries in my life and personally it is amazing all the books and the things you do there. I actually gained a lot of knowledge from the libraries I went to because I found so many books that were just amazing. I have never encountered anything that was offensive to me or to anyone else. Everyone is different however, we all have different views and we are all unique. If a library has something that is offensive to everyone, maybe it should be deleted, but like I said earlier, if it's not offensive to everyone, it shouldn't be deleted. . Personally, I think there is so much unique stuff in libraries that if something was offensive to people I would understand why everyone would want it removed. If someone would walk up to me and say " Hey I find this music very inappropriate for young children to listen to " I would say " Well, let @ MONTH1 be true, but some kids listen to this music, it wouldn't be fair to take it off, just because a person doesn't like it. Now in my experience there is a lot of stuff that people find offensive but personally I think it would be outside of a library
Certainly not, they @ MONTH1 are offensive to some but not to all. Everyone will be thrown at offensive material at some point in their life, so there is no real reason to censor the material. These materials are made to entertain someone, some are entertained by offensive material. Honestly, I don't think anything in the library is so offensive that you need to take it out. If an item offends you, you don't have to admit it, you can always look up another item. If you censor material, you are going against the First Amendment, @ CAPS1 from @ CAPS2. Everyone will find something offensive about a certain material and demand that it be taken off the shelves or censored, what happens when every book has been marked as offensive ? We don't have any books, what is it? Books are made by the author who writes down his ideas and creates a plot, some might think his ideas are offensive, but not all. Whether people think it's offensive or not, people still appreciate these books. Anyone can create material and share their ideas, those ideas can still be offensive but it doesn't matter because we have @ CAPS1 from @ CAPS2 to say what we want and not be chased by it . If you're banning any kind of material, chasing the voices of the creator's opinions, then all you're doing is denying the @ NUM1 amendment and being a hypocrite. Censorship of music and movies isn't fair either. When you censor movies and music, you also censor their ideas. Music is an expression of life and of censorship which is like censoring emotion. Censorship of films, music and books simply prohibits the expansion of culture. All I'm saying is censorship is destroying America and hurting our advancement in culture.
Have you been to a library and not seen any books or magazines on the shelves ? Well, if the libraries tried to remove all the offensive books and magazines, there would be nothing left to read. If you pick up a book or magazine and think it offends you, don't read it, get one you know. throughout this article you will hear about how offensive movies can be and how librarians shouldn't empty their shelves on them, and then my conviction against it. Movies, books, magazines, and music can be offensive. If you think about it, if you are offended, don't read it, listen to it, or watch it. You just have to pick up a new book. Now the question arises, what if this was the best book or movie out there? If so, watch it, but know that it is your own choice. If you really want to remove those books, movies, etc. from those shelves, take one that really offends you and take it to the manager and have them read it or read part of it. If she doesn't have a problem with that, tell her to read your perspective and think about it. Once you are done, ask him to want a stack of books, etc., that offend you. This is when you start stacking the piles right in front of it. Libraries on the other hand, if you're bombarded with people coming in and saying these books offend me, I can't believe that on your shelves, and if a little kid gets a hold of that .... ... ! Managers or owners, if people come and tell you to read this book, watch this movie. What do you do? In my opinion, I would read or watch maybe the first two or three, but after that I would start playing and just agree to take them out of your office. Now you got to be thinking, man, if all these people keep coming up here and saying these books, movies, etc. are offensive, then you really have to take action. If you take books out of libraries, you lose sales. I went to a library where everything was categorized so people would know what is there before they start reading which I think all libraries should do instead of just putting them on the shelves. My belief on the subject is that you go to a library knowing what is in a library, books ! Now if you go there and there is a book or a movie that a lot of people have complained about, I would see them making an effort to get rid of it. But if you're the only one, I doubt they'll make a special effort to get rid of it. You must also think that the author of the book didn't write it just to offend you, he didn't choose you. a new. If this book or this movie is their bestseller, they're not going to destroy it because of one person. So if you go to a library and watch a book or movie without knowing what it is, I wouldn't blame them for doing nothing about it, it's your choice, not theirs. This article has taken on a lot of different sides which is good in a way as it is not a single topic. However, if you continue to harass the manager to pull that book or movie out and still doesn't, go to another library. Maybe this library won't have so many books, movies, magazines etc to take offense and if there are maybe they will be cool about the situation and try to solve the problem for both of you to benefit. So if you are reading this article and are offended by it then sorry, you are just expressing your personal opinion and trying to help you with your problems. thanks for reading
What are we hiding from? Is personal expression really that bad? Such questions come to mind when the subject of censorship in libraries arises. In my opinion, I think banning artwork in libraries is destroying the people @ CAPS1 created them. Censorship in general is a way of hiding reality and watering down the struggles within life itself. You cannot learn unless you have the opportunity to face the problems of society and the world. By banning certain parts, the world destroys an opportunity to expand the knowledge of each individual. With the removal of materials such as books and music, libraries are wasting the time spent and the hearts that creators have placed with confidence. Although most people use these materials strictly for entertainment purposes, writers and musicians have created them to express themselves and to show their pain and struggles. One could even say that such an expression is therapeutic for these specific individuals. How would you react if your art form was not suited to an audience? Would you be hurt and taken back? Many artists probably feel that they are placed in a state of isolation and hatred. With creating art, there is always a deeper meaning behind them. The biggest question to me is, " @ CAPS1 considers this material inappropriate for libraries " ? What is so wrong with specific material that we have to take it away from everyone ? At the rate our world is going today, there will be no more individualism in the next fifty years. If people aren't even allowed to listen to specific types of music, sooner or later people won't be able to wear certain types of clothes or even dye their hair a different color. The greatest gift of the human population is their ability to be different. If our society can't even handle freedom of expression through art, how can it handle any other kind? Libraries are created as a place to expand knowledge. If the documents are censored, how can we learn ? Each individual has their own way of thinking and interpreting topics. A book considered entertainment and free time reading for one person @ MONTH1 is the very thing that strikes a world-changing idea in another's mind. The greatest idea of a human comes strictly from the knowledge that he has accumulated throughout his life and from his interests. If certain art forms are censored, individuals will never be able to find that form of interest in certain subjects. Everyone will be strictly forced to believe and learn the same things, limiting the world of magical ideas a man could have formed with information obtained from art that had been censored. In a discussion-based course I took earlier, we read an article discussing @ ORGANIZATION1's decision to ban all information related to the loss of @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 and the terrible things their company had done in their attempt to completely inherit @ LOCATION1. Through ideas like this, not only are you taking knowledge, but you are also planting lies in the heads of the next generation. In this specific situation in @ ORGANIZATION1, it created hatred and a false sense of @ CAPS4 in the eyes of children. How can one specifically influence the beliefs of a child @ CAPS1 is only @ NUM1 or @ NUM2 years old based on their personal selfish beliefs ? Through censorship, we destroy the truth and the knowledge that every individual deserves if they are determined to find it. The greatest thing about censorship is the cover-up of reality. Do libraries think that if they don't publicly post a review topic, no one will know? Knowledge is all around us. No one needs a book to tell you that our world is not perfect. As far as we know, a censored book could have saved millions of lives. I cannot fully grasp the concept in my head of hiding documents from the public. There will soon come a time when all expression will be censored. If we are getting rid of art, should we also be removing people? I can relate censorship of books to censorship of people based on my own personal experience. A teacher once told me that I would never complete my career because I have piercings. Such opinions could kill a person's dreams. I knew I wanted to be a lawyer from the age of seven and worked to improve my studies according to my goals. How can you tell someone that they are not good enough based on your specific beliefs ? There will always be something in the world that you don't like. Each @ MONTH1 library has decided to censor a different type of art from its individual location. Eventually, the world will no longer have art, because these few people chose that it is not suitable for everyone. I can almost guarantee that most people have had worse experiences than what is covered up. The world cannot be sugar coated or presented as perfect, because that is not life. Everyone will have a hard time at some point and their artwork will really get us through that. Sometimes we relate to them or, in my case, to art like music, that's what makes me feel better when I'm hurt. The pain will always be there. Getting through reality and struggles is what makes every @ CAPS1 individual who they are. Censorship in libraries will not hide anything from the public, it will simply destroy an opportunity to grow. Censorship in libraries is what will destroy our world. No individual can say that the material is not suitable for the audience, because it is not the audience. Each person has their own opinions on life. By banning these works of art, you are banning individuality as a whole. If things like this continue, our planet will become silly zombies with no personal opinions. Libraries will take everyone's knowledge and ruin the chances of greatness for many people. There is no real way to hide reality from the world. Let people express their feelings through their art and share them with the world. The struggles of one person @ MONTH1 are what saves another and allows the ideals of the world as a whole to develop
Several years ago, a parent at my school complained to the administration of a book, The @ PERSON2, that his child was about to read for his English class. She believed it was an inappropriate book for a ninth grader. She had the right to be a little nervous about the book, there had been concerns within the school when it was added to the program. The administration ultimately decided to keep the book as part of the classroom because although the relevance of a @ MONTH1 scene was questioned, the rest of the book taught lessons that were important to children, such as the tolerance towards other cultures, the importance of right and wrong and that you have to fix things you did wrong. While I understand that parents don't want to expose their precious children to the rest of the world, I think it's important to be exposed to a wide variety of material as it helps people experience different cultures and other fashions. of life. I once read a quote that said that something long, understanding leads to tolerance. We cannot ban books and other media because we think they are inappropriate for a situation. Being able to understand another person's culture or point of view @ MONTH1 will one day lead to the solution of problems in today's world, such as the @ LOCATION1 crisis involving @ CAPS1 and @ CAPS2. I totally agree with Katherine Paterson's quote that if we took out all the books and other media that we don't like, we would have nothing. A good example of this is the popular Internet video site, @ CAPS3. There are thousands of videos listed on this site and millions of people watching them. On each video, there is a place to leave comments on whether or not you liked the said video. With all the different views, opinions and interests of the millions of people who have viewed this site, it's very difficult to find a video without at least one or two dislikes. If we all had the power to remove videos from the site that we don't like, there wouldn't be any left for us to watch. Another reason we can't just get offensive stuff off our shelves is that without the writers taking a little rebellious flair and exposing new ideas, the material we read would quickly become very boring. During the women's suffrage movement, men in this country thought the idea of women being allowed to vote was offensive. Today, after many years, this is considered a trivial matter and it is now a legal right for women to vote. It's an example of how a once radical idea has now gained support and improved people's lives. If we take these books off our shelves, we are harming ourselves and allowing ourselves to become ignorant. All books and media are valuable, whether they express the ideas of one person or the thoughts of thousands of people. We remove material from our shelves at risk to ourselves as individuals and as a society as a whole. I believe the founding fathers of our country knew what they were doing when they included free speech in @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5 @ CAPS6. If we remove books and other media from the literal and figurative shelves of our society, don't we deny the authors, writers, singers and publishers who have made these works their freedom of expression?
The old adage that you should never judge a book by its cover really makes sense with this particular topic. Every spirit that is among the world is vastly different, just like every book. Someone @ MONTH1 considers a certain topic offensive, while others @ MONTH1 do not have the same point of view. However, in my personal opinion, books containing " suggestive " references or language should be placed in sections marked mature and clearly labeled with a disclaimer of the content lying between the pages. With over a billion different points of view around the world, why should the books that only a few choose find people inappropriate for be deleted ? Each person has their own unique life story and difficult experiences. The journey of life brings bumps in the road that can scare someone deeply and change their life forever. While reading a book, a viewer @ MONTH1 flies over a passage that brings back horrible experiences. It is not normal for one to have to relive a trauma that they have struggled to overcome, but for another to read about a situation similar to the life course of a particular person could potentially bring them more. understanding and compassion for the victim. I don't believe that victims of abuse, whatever their degree, should have to read about this subject in a book that they thought they were reading for leisure. However, these books should not be taken off the shelves because people who have not had to endure such a struggle should be able to understand better for the other person. Books intended for a more mature mind should be supervised and placed on a shelf out of the reach of a child who cannot yet handle the subject. At a young age, I picked out a book that I thought was a ghost story. Halfway through, I realized that the book was really about a rape of a girl my age. In sixth grade, I was horrified because I was not yet exposed to this worldly danger, and I was not mature enough to handle this subject. For weeks, I walked the halls fearful of the same fate as the girl in the story I had read. Books with adult subjects should be separated from those for younger ones, as the description in a book @ MONTH1 leaves a child with emotional fears. Clearly labeling books with any " suggestive " content that the book @ MONTH1 contains would go a long way in solving this problem. If the books are clearly labeled as containing offensive words, comments, or horrific situations, then a reader who is offended will be less likely to grasp the material. If children who are still developing their maturity level come across a book that mentions inappropriate topics, they will better understand what they @ MONTH1 are going to see. Just pressing a tag on a book that says concerns can be found in the pages will save the world from a lot of harm. If books start to fly off the shelves because of shocking topics, they won't have many books left to read. Each person has a different outlook on what a story says, just as each age group understands the message the passages convey differently. By monitoring and labeling books, library worms will be able to quickly decide whether the material they think they want to read is for them or not. So, in conclusion, don't take the wanderings of reading away from those who love to travel through the imagination of books, but let them know exactly what they will see as they roam through the unknown pages of a new adventure.
Yes, I believe libraries should remove certain materials from book shelves if they are found to be offensive to someone. First of all, a person does not go to the library to be offended. Also, if the Liberian needs to know what is suitable for the library. And things like those that offend people shouldn't even be in a public space. A person does not go to the library to see something that offends him or her. People go to the library to read, study and have a quiet time. And people who are going to use the library as a resource, shouldn't find themselves in a situation where they feel offended by a book, movie, or magazine, because of what the author says in writing. People might take offense and stop going to the library. The Liberian is also responsible for the items he wants to display in his library. If the Liberian feels that a book can be displayed, he can show it, but if the book is offensive to someone else, they should be asked to remove the book. And if the book is good for study, the Liberian should keep it somewhere where people who want the book can request it. Stuff like that shouldn't even be posted in a public space. I think there should be a law which does not allow offensive literature, music, films etc ... in libraries. Nowadays, people are allowed to donate literature or entertainment items to libraries, but I think people should make sure that the items they donate can be displayed. So yes, I think offensive material should be removed from libraries. Because libraries are places where you will have a quiet time to read and not be offended. The librarian should be responsible for what he or she wants to display. And the last stuff like that shouldn't even be in a public space
It seems like you can't always make everyone happy. Either way, someone is offended or upset by something. This is true for everything, including the media. Whether it's a book, movie, or song, someone somewhere will be unhappy with it for whatever reason. While this is true, it certainly doesn't mean that you can take this media away from those who appreciate it. The @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 of @ LOCATION1 @ LOCATION1 @ CAPS3 @ LOCATION1 that all people have freedom of expression and freedom of the press. Would removing " offensive " material from the shelves not take away this right which is so clearly and so intentionally granted to us ? Not only that, but does sheltering the public and making us believe that the world is a place free from prejudice, prejudice or slander really help us in the grand scheme of things ? Pretending that the world is perfect ensures that future generations of the world will be devastated by reality once they step out into the real world and realize that not everything is perfect, pleasant and fair all the time. My ninth year in high school I read 'AT @ CAPS4 A @ CAPS5' by @ PERSON1. This book demonstrates the severe prejudices that were normal in @ LOCATION4 during the early years of @ LOCATION1. This book could certainly be considered offensive by someone living in the south of @ LOCATION1; you could say that this book stereotypes the people in @ LOCATION4. You could also say that this book is offensive because of the language it uses. African- @ CAPS6 might be offended by explicit racist comments and names on the pages. Despite this, “ À @ CAPS4 A @ CAPS5 ” is considered a classic and is praised and taught in @ LOCATION1 and the rest of the world. I grew up reading @ PERSON1's masterpiece - it taught me a lot about the location of @ LOCATION1 and how far it has come in accepting other races. You learn from your mistakes, they say. Therefore, we can learn from the mistakes of the media. We can grow as people by being offended or by having offensive material brought to our attention. We can prevent history from repeating itself by being well informed. Theology is a huge subject of contention among all cultures; @ CAPS9 or @ CAPS10'ite, @ LOCATION2, @ CAPS11, @ LOCATION3, @ LOCATION5, @ CAPS12. In any bookstore you walk into, you can find a bible or a book on atheism or even '@ ORGANIZATION1', which focuses on @ CAPS13. In any music store you walk into, you can find bands that denigrate religious ideas, but you can also find theistic worship bands or meditation music. Likewise, any movie theater or movie store you visit might provide films with anti-theistic or pro-theistic themes. Removing such things from the shelves because one work might be offensive to one group of people might limit another's options for exploring theology. and find out what works for them. This could limit the exploration of his interests. It could very well be detrimental to his personal growth. Either way, it's unfair to take something that could be viewed as offensive to one person from another just to be nice and have discretion. Banning certain works could affect the flow of society. Banning certain works could limit awareness of the world around them or of the history from which they could potentially be inspired, it could limit the expansion of one's intellect, it could hamper the exploration of interests or the search for whom they really are. are or want to be. It is better to keep it as it is - free.
Do you believe that certain materials, such as books, movies, magazines, etc., should be taken off the shelves if they are found to be offensive ? Most people have made books that are inappropriate or offensive and are sometimes the person's life or experience. But the problem is, a lot of people are unrealistic and they don't think that this is the life of the person and that it can be the future of more people. People sometimes like to be the best and can create problems with others and that makes them happy which is a sad thing because this bad and they can also get from the point of things doing before anything bad that they go to jail than this. are some of the experiences that people show, but others are wrong. Well that's their problem, they can do whatever they want. I know that the live is not easy but thanks to this material we can have a better live and also we can defend ourselves. Also I don't think they need to be remove that books or magazines because what we have will make life better and in the future they need to be there and so people find them. offensive just don't go or see the materials ignore them more people like that and think they are useful for them and for me. I dont think they goin to have bad material in there , things that are inapropiate i thing that they cant have bad or nasty information in a place that a lot of people go and not just some. adults also of childre go too. And it's more inappropriate for children. People know what's going on in there and other people know it too. the world is sometimes a danger and sometimes helps us to grow it is a good thing but we have the choice if we want to read or have this information. I remember once I read a book which is a little sad but help me get to know our life better it was about two boys the book has a lot of bad words and really bad bad talk about Olso that explain the more the book and the more we learn. which is things that helps us in life. One of the books, magazines, music, movies .etc that we can write is our life because we spend a lot of hard time and that is a book of our life and can be an inappropriate book of our live. .people like me give the reservoirs to these peoples who publish their experiences and at the same time help us
I think books, music, movies, magazines, etc. should be aloud to stay on store and library shelves. We need to ask ourselves these questions. Why should we take them out of the libraries? What would people have to read when these books tell us what happened in the early days like slavery, automobiles etc. ? Who wants to sit down and read other things that are just plain boring? Why dismantle the books from the library? We shouldn't take books off the shelves. We @ MONTH1 have the right to take the books off, but why should we. It takes away knowledge for our children. We would take away a lot of things our kids should know, like slavery and famous people. What would we have to read if we took most of the books out of the library ? We wouldn't have anything to read except things that are no longer important to us. You must be thinking that if we removed all the inappropriate books from the library shelves, there would be no more books. Every book contains something bad, so we should remove all books other than little children's books. Who would want to go to the library and sit there knowing that they are going to read something that is not interesting and just boring? I can tell you who wants to do this. Nobody, '' it's just stupid to do it and there's no point unless you're old then you @ MOIS1 love, but not everyone is old. Reading is fun for some kids and they want to read about different things, but if we take the books they can't. We don't need to take books out of the libraries? There would be no reason to go to the library or even read books, because there are no good ones. We are just taking away something that is really important to us @ CAPS1, and without these books there is no history to study. Our children need to see these books even if we don't want to. It's the early days and they need to know everything and how it was back then when they didn't have everything we're doing now. You can't take something that is fun to do, so why take them?
I recently read a letter from Katherine Paterson on censorship in libraries. This is my opinion expressed in words on how I feel about the whole subject. I have been reading since I reached first grade. To be honest I couldn't give you the @ PERCENT1 names of them because ... well, I just can't remember. I'd like to think it's because I have a horrible memory, but the truth is, they were just unappealing and unforgettable books. In all respects these books could be considered a waste of my life. Back then, I guess I was only reading them because I had nothing better to do, which is horrible because you should read books because you want to. I stopped reading books around grade seven because every book I picked up seemed extremely boring and it would take the first hundred pages for something decent to happen. Fortunately, there is light at the end of this tunnel. Every once in a while you come across a book that changes your life. Not literally, but it's like that at the moment (that's how you should feel). These are the books I remember. These “ life changing ” books all contain things that would interest anyone who took them. Unfortunately, these things would be viewed as inappropriate by a select audience. For example, a book @ MONTH1 is about murder and is viewed as very offensive by someone whose mother has been murdered, while the same book might be viewed as a work of art by someone who has escaped it. horror of death. Apparently it got to the point where people would have books censored or had them removed from libraries altogether. I can no longer remain inactive. Books all go through a long and tedious process before they are ready to be put on the shelves. They must be written, read and selected for publication. For some books, it can take years. To completely alienate these books is extremely unfair to the time spent on them. If you don't like books, don't read them. It's that simple. If that's not reason enough for you, think of it this way: A book about a child who is raped and struggles to overcome it could serve as an inspiration for rape victims. Or, a book about the death of someone's parents might help a child in the same situation overcome their grief. All books have a purpose and should remain on the shelves of local bookstores, regardless of the methods used. Even if they aren't your thing, it could be a whole different experience for someone else halfway around the world. May these books fulfill their function.
What do you want your child to be exposed to? In my opinion, I think @ CAPS1 shouldn't be taken off the shelves because kids know which books are appropriate and inappropriate for them. This is @ CAPS2 why the library has a @ CAPS3 “ children ” selection away from the “ adult ” selection . They know their limits, and I don't think a librarian would let a child check for anything inappropriate. Library @ CAPS2 a place for all kinds of books for everyone to come and have the right to consult. Additionally, @ CAPS3 and not just libraries, @ CAPS1 can be seen or heard in schools, on radio, on television, and in video games. Everywhere you go, they're more likely to see inappropriate actions happening. So, as a parent @ CAPS3, your job is to keep your child as far away as possible from things that you don't want them to see or hear. The only way for a child to be exposed to this @ CAPS2 is if their parents are unsupervised and irresponsible. Someday your children will ask questions about the kinds of things they hear or see in school by other students. Just be open and honest at the right time, but in clean, mature material. I know a lot of young children these days who are often exposed to violent video games, music over drugs, alcohol, and sex. @ CAPS1 really bothers me, because when I was their age I had no idea what @ CAPS1 was or meant. @ CAPS1 is wrong for parents to let them be there when they know that @ CAPS1 has a label on @ CAPS1 saying '@ CAPS10 @ CAPS11', '@ CAPS12' or '@ NUM1'. Every time I hear a kid say something about that awesome video game or that cool new song they've heard on the radio about drugs, violence, etc., kids tend to get bigger. and younger each time. I don't understand why parents let them expose to this unnecessary stuff
NEWSPAPERS @ CAPS1 today im going to tell you what I think about offensive materials in libraries.Offensive materials such as books, magazines, music, films are found in the libraries of some people.But to d ' others, they may think its ok to have perfectly in a public place. Thinking of something offensive is only opinion, and each person has a different outlook on things. The first thing I have to say about this is that these articles should not just be taken off the shelves and thrown away. Some people may find these articles very informative and they might be able to relate to this book as it is. other people say is offensive. And if some offensive material really bother some people, and libraries get a lot of complaints, they should just create a section in the library just for books, movies, etc. offensive. Thus, people will not have to look at these offensive documents. Another fact is that libraries are a public place and they should have a wide range of books, movies, etc. Because not everyone likes the same thing. People have different interests and different views on different things. maybe not because other people could really be into it. And don't always think to yourself looking at the big picture. So there are some of my thoughts and feelings about what I think about offensive material in libraries. And I hope you can see my point that I'm trying to get across.
Do you believe there are some things that need to be taken off the shelf that aren't censored for my kids to see. the staff must not leave the children in this area without parents were the uncensored books, magazines, movies, music, etc, but it is those of the know fault because the media staff who work in the library shoudn't allow young children to go to that area were those things unless their guardian was with them. Unless they allow them in the area, books, movies, magazines, etc. Children should have a certain part of the library where they can take books that are not suitable for them. There are a lot of books that kids shouldn't be able to read, but they read anyway without permission from adults. just let them read and see things like that in parents wondering why, and how kids learn things like that. Some things should be posted for things that children shouldn't be able to see, read, and do. And yes, I have the right to say something to the staff for letting my child read, see things that they are not supposed to see. They know them things aren't right for them so why would they let them watch or do or see things like that. My conclusion, yes, I think there are some things that aren't meant to be for young children. It's not fair to let them see things like that. That's why I'm writing this journal essay arguing about what's right for them to see uncensored things they shouldn't see.
Do you think that some books should be taken off the shelves because they are offensive ? From my point of view yes, because libraries are public, which means that they are open to everyone. Children might see a photo that @ MONTH1 is not suitable for them, people of different faiths might hear foul language, and some libraries might look bad. I can relate to this because I have also heard things that I am not proud of, such as foul language. It affected me because when I heard it, I went around the positive people in my life telling them so. Of course, this could affect a child in a negative way. Children grow up to be as positive as possible, at least that's what parents teach them and if they get addicted to things they see they will try to emulate them. In my experience, it didn't go so well because my mom believed in physical discipline. But if a child doesn't learn that these things have bad effects, he will learn the hard way. This is one reason why I wish the censorship was in our local libraries. Also, people of different religions might find it offensive. We have different consumers coming in and out of the library every day, so when they come in they should find it peaceful and not the other way around. For example, a Muslim might walk around the library and here others listen to music with nothing but profanity. Now that person has the right to report this person who was listening to them and they can tell that the library has no restrictions. Sometimes it's okay to want a book with a few swear words, but the library needs to know their limits. Then the library has a bad image which is a big deal. When something looks bad sooner or later, it won't be there. This means that consumers will stop going to that library and one thing could lead to another. For example, when you leave the library, the people who work there want you to come back and tell other people about their library. But if problems constantly arise, they will leave and tell their friends that it is not a good library. Then those numbers add up, then finally you've crossed out and off you go. Now, if they are not removed, this is what can happen. Children will imitate what they see or hear, complaints will be filed against this library. If I had a problem with the restriction levels at the library, I would just stop going. And if this library can't help it, at least have the courtesy of tagging the sections of the library. This will ensure that we will know what we are going to see and read
I believe that certain things such as books, movies, music, magazines, etc. should and should not be taken off the shelves. The reason I think they should stay on the shelf is because it might be of interest to some of the people reading them. If people don't like them, or think it's offensive, they shouldn't go to this library. I'm not offended by anything. As I walk through the library, I have seen people take offense at some of the things they have on the shelves. Reading things and having them become offensive is a whole different thing. People who read things and take offense should have a say in whether they are on the shelves or not. The reason I think some things shouldn't be on the shelves is because they might be inappropriate. It may not be good for people's eyes. I think all libraries should contain the same content. So nobody cares about what's on the shelves.
Yes, I think there are some books that should be taken out of all libraries. No little child should watch or say these things. Some books might offend some people when they don't know it. Parents should watch what children read and watch on a daily basis. Children need to know why they shouldn't watch these shows or read these books. Maybe if parents watched over their kids it would bother them better than what they are doing. Some of the books might offend people when they don't know it. No small child should watch or read these books or movies. This is why I think these books should be removed from all libraries
AS ALL OF US KNOW, ALL KINDS OF INFORMATION CAN BE FOUND AT A LOCAL BOOK STORAGE FACILITY, COMMONLY CALLED A LIBRARY. ALL KINDS OF KNOWLEDGE ARE IN THIS SMALL AREA, BUT IS SOME OF THIS INFORMATION SUFFICIENT TO BE IN A PUBLIC PLACE ? MANY @ MONTH1 LIBRARIES HAVE ON THEIR SHELVES BOOKS AND MAGAZINES AND EVEN MUSIC CONTAINING EXPRESS MATERIAL, AND HOW COULD YOU AVOID IT ? IN A MODERN WORLD THERE WILL BE LANGUAGE AND STAFF ATTRIBUTES THAT WILL BE FOUND OFFENSIVE TO SENIORS AND PUBLIC BROADCASTING VIEWERS. YES, I AGREE THAT SMB HARDWARE CAN AND SHOULD BE IN SEPARATE AREAS THAT INCLUDE HARDWARE, BUT OVERALL WHO CARES ? I WANT MOST ORDINARY PEOPLE DON'T DO THIS. I DUNNO. THE CENSORSHIP IS STUPID BECAUSE MOST OF THE STUFF IN LIBRARIES, IF YOU HAVE NOT HEARD YET, YOU WILL GO SOON, NO MATTER THE CENSORSHIP ACTIONS TAKEN BY LIBRARY LEADERS
I think libraries should have all types of books, music, movies, and magazines. I believe that if the libraries had limited things, a lot of people would not come to the library. For example, if I wanted to buy a certain book for school and the library doesn't have it, I don't know where I would go. The library should have a variety of books if not if that is the point of a library. Some books may be too self-explanatory for a child to read. For music, I think a library should be limited. I think music should be limited because a lot of music contains curses. I don't think everyone wants to hear this type of music in a library. I don't think a person should be able to listen to music in the library anyway because a library is supposed to be silent. But also people who listen to this type of music can be disappointed. Some music may be too bad for some children's ears. For the films, I think they should be limited in age for children. It's simple, kids should only be able to watch children's movies. Teens should be out loud to watch children's movies and teen movies. Adults should be able to watch all movies. This is how it should be. For magazines, they should have all types of magazines. They should have them from child to adult but in different sections. For example, all children's magazines should go with children's books. All adult magazines should be with adult reading books. Some magazines are too self-explanatory, but the library should make sure that the magazines stay in the adult section. Some books are offensive but there are books and a library is there to provide books. All kinds of books should be in the library anyway in my opinion. I have never known a mean or explicit book. So if anything is explicit, keep it in the adults only section. Every book should be in the library
We've all heard the songs on the radio that are censored by constant beeps because of swear words, and we've all seen @ ORGANIZATION1 shows and movies that are the same. Books and magazines are similarly censored by blocking offensive language or replacing letters with astrics. Many people don't see any harm in this and support it, while others think it's okay because ultimately people will end up seeing the wrong things anyway. If you were an author, musician or director, wouldn't you want your work seen and published as you originally wrote it? Most of these people would and get mad when their work is edited. They want their work to be heard, and sometimes by removing the disrespectful things, the message is not understood as clearly as it would be with those certain words. It can also cause the original message to be missed entirely and the artwork could end up meaning something totally different from what it was originally meant to mean. However, another question arises : If you were a parent, would you want your kids to see these inappropriate scenes in movies or hear harsh words in music ? Most would not like this at all and strongly encourage editing of things their children are too young to hear and understand. Eventually, however, children are going to be faced with these things. In conclusion, censorship should simply be ignored. Children will eventually hear swear words, see inappropriate things, and read offensive passages in books or magazines. Censorship can spoil the original message brought to attention and irritate many writers and musicians. There are a lot of hard things in the world, you can't just edit them all
They were talking about thinking of a book that no one should take off the shelves. But if the author had the right to take the book off the shelf - which job I abhor, then everyone should have the same right to take the book off the shelf. But then they wouldn't have any books on the shelf for any of them to read. They think they should get books that are not considered offensive. This is what they should do about books deemed to be offensive. If the children read books that the author found offensive, they should get rid of them. Books that have been found to be offensive should not be read at all. Books that are deemed offensive are really bad to read. Offensive books shouldn't be where you are. If you are going to read a book, don't buy a book that is offensive. Non-shocking books like @ CAPS1, these kinds of books are not very shocking. If the books weren't offensive, people would read them very often. If people read books very often, there wouldn't be enough @ CAPS1 to do anything else. We don't deserve offensive books that contain bad stuff. People deserve to have better, non-offensive books. Every day we read books, but do we know if they are offensive. If we didn't know that the books we read are offensive, then we would say things directly about the book that we shouldn't say. If we say things right out of the offensive book, we would be in serious trouble. Getting in trouble can mean serious punishment. When you are punished it can cause you to lose something for a certain amount of @ CAPS1. In conclusion, you understand what you can and cannot read. You also understand what to do with the offending books. That harmless books can teach you something. You can also understand what happens when you say bad things in offensive books. And that you can end up losing something for a certain amount of @ CAPS1.
The way books, music, etc. are made for people primarily for this age group. As if this particular book contains profanity that some find offensive, then they should ignore that book and move on to the other book that is more suitable for that person rather than starting a controversy over a single book. Some things will have labels on them, like parenting guidelines, to show that only a person of a particular age can have them. In my experience, everything is fine, but if it gets out of hand, I let it go and move on to the next step. Although removing most people's books doesn't help much because some people would like to have this book that they can't find anywhere else. Librarians can put that particular book in the older section of the library and have children deliver in the younger section of the library. So I hope this could help the problem that you might have for people to enjoy books, music, magazines etc.
Do you think there should be books, movies, madaines, etc. If so, you should read my journal act. I don't think there are any books etc that I would take off the shelves. There are many books, etc. that children should read, but you can tell your children not to read them, or if they start reading them, take the book away from them. There are books that children shouldn't read, but only you can stop them from reading them. They will always try to find what they want. so taking books off the shelf wouldn't do any good, because they'll find the movie and the books somehow. The only way to do this is to keep your children under supervision, and to make sure they don't do what you don't want them to do. In conclusion, removing books from the library wouldn't help anyone, but just try to keep your kids away from things you don't want them around .
If I owned or worked in a library, I would have books, music, movies, and magazines that are offensive to a lot of people. But I wouldn't have the offensive books, music, movies, and magazines in the children's area of the library. But I would have them in the adult zone. @ CAPS5 I would keep what kind of books, music or movies you might ask ? Well because adult and older teens should be able to handle and act like adults when they read the book, watch the movie, listen to the music. If the type of book, movie, or music causes violent behavior in the city, I will take the item off the shelf completely. It is that simple. If parents get angry and angry at these books, movies, and music, don't let your kids watch, read, or listen to them. Choose a children's book like @ CAPS1 or @ ORGANIZATION1, don't choose a book from @ PERSON1. Let your kids read a book with lots of pictures and colors. Look at @ CAPS1 or @ ORGANIZATION1 and not @ CAPS3 on a @ CAPS4. My question is, " @ CAPS5 doesn't allow people to read and watch something they want even if it's offensive ? " People @ CAPS6 love to watch the scary movie and offensive or listen to rap music. People live in different worlds even though we all live in one. In my opinion, offensive books, music, and movies should stay in libraries. Children and youngsters should not read, watch or listen to them
Books, music, movies, and more, being taken away from yourself because no one liked them and finding some of them offensive doesn't mean getting rid of them. Many enjoy them and could use them for school research or topics for a class. First of all, I know for a fact that some of the music that my friends and I listen to would bother a lot of other people, it was clearly our choice to buy the music, the book, or the movie. We all have different opinions on what is “good” music or good movies. I can understand why some people would want us to get rid of it because of bad language or racial slurs, but it's our money and our decision to buy it. Lots of teens take the music out of control and put it so loud that she'll let @ LOCATION1 hear it and with all the words and comments then do in the music, I can see why adults don't want us to hear it. were buying. Out of respect for others, I think we can turn down the radio, not comment on the movies, and not be immature with the books. Second, all the research and study that we have to do in school, it would be pointless not being able to have books or magazines to do our research. Now one day the students choose what they want to do on a topic and if they want to do that topic badly enough I'm pretty sure they have the material to research the information on that topic. I realize it gets out of hand with music, movies, magazines, and books, but we know when to settle in and grow up. Teens who are going to be immature about it don't deserve to have all of these things. We just have to learn to use it with respect. Taking them off the shelf wouldn't be a good idea, as some kids would use them for school, believe it or not.
yes because what if a @ NUM1 year old could find it offensive to have a book that talks about his race in a bad way. Now if a man comes in and finds an offensive book about his race he @ MOIS1 takes the shitchuration to a new level like maby he @ MOIS1 demands it be taken off the shelf or something. If a woman walks in with her son or daughter and finds a dirty and mean book on sex, drugs, guns and knives. So yes, an offending book should be removed from a shelf if the book (s) is in a public library. The only reason books should be taken off the shelf is because if it's a public library, lots of kids and their peers reading, researching, and doing homework. And that's why a public library should remove an offensive book from its shelves
I believe they should keep everything and earn more. There is so much to discover. The more information you have, the better. Personally, I think they need to put more magazines on the stands so that you can get more information. Since you can't trust all in one, you can always find plenty of facts about what you want to learn. On the other hand, children shouldn't be able to reach or see any part of it. I could teach our children things that they are not yet ready to learn. The point is, they need to have people watching the stuff so that the kids aren't participating in it and we can always deceive and discover new things. It doesn't all have to be hidden. The more you know, it might just save the world.
I @ CAPS1 would @ CAPS4 if nothing was censored, but I don't matter, do I ? I am the child who has no choice in the matter. @ CAPS3 shouldn't I be worrying about what I am forced not to see ? I'm sure there are a lot of parents who break the censorship rules. Like buying a movie or game rated “@ CAPS2” for their child who is @ NUM1, not @ NUM2 years old, but @ CAPS4 matters for parents to follow the law. I say smart, because when @ CAPS4 comes back to @ CAPS4, it's the parents who have the right to tell / show their child things, not the government. I think @ CAPS5 never really had a choice on matters that directly affect them, and I think we should. @ CAPS5 must follow all the rules until the age of @ NUM2 years : @ CAPS3 ? I would like to know @ CAPS3, but I don't. Because there is no logical reason that @ CAPS5 should not vote on what affects them. As far as I know, there might be a law right now that will make my generation less powerful than the previous generation. I am not saying it is true, I am only saying that it is possible that such a thing could happen. Video games are my weakness I admit, but I don't see a reason for games to be censored. When people say things like '@ CAPS5 who plays video games violently will make them murder.' @ CAPS4 is making me frustrated. There isn't a single thing to prove it. I've known @ CAPS5 which has been censored their whole life, and when they find out @ CAPS4 they can't even handle @ CAPS4. It's really sad that you can't watch the news and learn what's going on in the world. Just because they've been kept away this whole life. I don't know how or where they got this censorship idea from in the first place. Did their parents tell them @ CAPS4 was bad, and have they never watched / read @ CAPS4 ? Where did they hear @ CAPS4 from? I believe @ CAPS4 is from the @ CAPS4 self media. I can see the headlines now, '@ CAPS5 watch movie @ CAPS6 do murders.' Then they would have a compound percentage on the number of @ CAPS5 turning into murder who watch the @ CAPS6 movie versus @ CAPS5 who don't. What I'm really saying is that I try not to let other people's beliefs get into my head and change my own. Even while writing this @ MONTH1, someone has changed their beliefs, and I really hope @ CAPS1 not.
Do I think there are any books, movies, magazines or articles that I think should be deleted in case some people find them offensive ? NO, I believe everyone should have the chance to see it other than the people who did it and thought it was offensive. Someone might really like it or a group of people might. Even though some people find an item offensive, someone else might need it for something like schoolwork. Let's say libraries take a book about human trafficking out of libraries because people find it offensive. Then a local school has a project on human trafficking. Students go to libraries to look for books. Now tell someone else who doesn't like the books these kids aren't using for their research. It would not be fair for everyone to remove objects from libraries just because other people find it offensive. The library is a public place where everyone has the right to go and borrow things. So no, I don't think libraries should remove any books, movies, magazines, or articles, because other people @ MOIS1 find them offensive.
Twilight, @ PERSON1 or even The @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 series are books that many tutors do not allow their children to read due to their beliefs about what is real and what is not. The magic, spells, and vampires that many of us know aren't real, but others don't believe in what young readers are taught. My personal take on censorship would be a very low tolerable standard due to different people, more variety, and different reading or viewing materials. But there would be certain circumstances where I would have to give up and censor things like sex and drugs just because it is not suitable for young children to read at this young age. The reason I would have a low tolerance for censorship is that different people like different things. If someone were an athlete, they might not find a cooking and cleaning book very appealing. As if a person who was a cook didn't find a book on athletics too appealing either. Just because someone has different beliefs or what their standard of offending is doesn't mean I will change my perspective on censoring certain articles. The different beliefs of some people are understandable, but just because you don't believe it doesn't mean everyone will believe it without believing it with you. Don't spoil this for others who appreciate the interesting fact that a man @ CAPS1 falls for a normal @ CAPS3 girl like you and me. Another reason why my library censorship is because it would give my library more variety. If there were twenty different @ PERSON1 books on the shelves, many people could look and check them at their leisure. Additionally, if you didn't know what kind of book you wanted to read, you might look around and find a mysterious, dramatic, comical, or even horror book. Having a wide range of choices would keep guests coming back for more. I know when my library had a set of books that I found interesting, I was back there after I finished each one. In addition, it is important to have different reading or viewing materials on hand in a library, as some books these days are now being turned into movies, making people more eager to finish that book in less time. 'a week so that this weekend they can watch the movie. Most people say that the movies are never better than the original book itself, but it's easier to rely on an opinion by reading the book and then watching the movie, not just stopping after you read the book. Now that you know my personal take on censorship in libraries, understand that not everyone is the same. That's why when school talks about getting school uniforms, many kids object to it because wearing the style of clothes you wear every day shows your individuality, like the type of book you wear. also read, show your individuality. That's why my personal take on censorship would be a very low tolerable standard due to different people, more variety, and different reading or viewing materials. Just because you @ MONTH1 don't believe in magic or wizardry doesn't mean you have to ruin it for someone else. So don't judge a book by its cover and set high standards for censorship in libraries.
I strongly disagree I think the material should not be removed from the library @ CAPS1 all material is part of the library and for school and for us too All material, like books, music, movies and magazines, CDs. should not be removed from the library. I have my own reasons why documents should not be taken off the shelf. since sometimes I can't find anything interesting to do, so I go to my little library that I have at home and choose whatever book I like. But when I do not like or that I find no book interesting book in my house, I go to the library to find the interesting books. But when the libraries or the school have books, magazines, movies, etc. good for kids, like when they want to read a book, like cartoon or animal book, and they can't find what they want, they will get mad. And what about parents parents if they need to find information about a book, or if they just wanted to read and they found offensive stuff, parents will get angry, not all parents but some parents will. and they may not return. I have never experienced anything like this in my life @ CAPS1 in my school and the library I go to, they are nothing offensive or inappropriate. that's why people respect the library and the school, @ CAPS1 they respect us too. that's why I never go to places I don't know. Suppose I go to a library that I don't know and I take my parents and my little brother correctly and this library has some offensive material, my parents are going to get mad with me, they will say that if I don't no respect, and I take my brother to an unsuitable place they are going to be mad at me, that I take my family to an offensive place, and it's not my fault of law. And these are my opinions why
No, I don't think books, magazines, movies, and music should be deleted. However, I think books, magazines, movies, and music should be watched by age. The reason is that young children should not read, listen to or watch material intended for adults or adolescents. The way that this type of thing can be monitored is through the child's library card. The card could have their name, age, year and date of birth. If there is a certain book, magazine, movie and music that the child wants, a parent must be there with him. The parent must show identification so the librarian knows the parent is of legal age. Adolescents should also be supervised. Event although they are almost adults. Some parents @ MONTH1 do not agree with certain documents. So if their parents don't want them to read certain things, they should put stickers on their cards. Even though there are many opinions about what a child reads, watches or listens to, I think there should be certain ways of looking at what children read, watch or listen to.
Imagine walking through the library with your child. Now think about how hard you worked to teach your child about respect and good manners. Imagine all of those values collapsing while reading a bad magazine or listening to an explicit song. I agree with the censorship in libraries today. Most people wonder where their children learn swearing or sexual behavior and don't see the media as the problem. Libraries continued to keep children's areas without explicit material and ensure that magazines such as " @ CAPS1 " do not reach their shelves. Explicit elements should be removed if they are found to be offensive. I have seen offensive material fall into the wrong hands, like children. This childlike innocence disappears when they hear songs about money, sex and abuse. Some books might give them the wrong idea and encourage them to make illegal decisions. One example is a teenage pregnancy book. The ideas of the book are either to keep the baby and face the consequences, or to abort the baby and move on with life. Some media say to abort the baby just because it is easier. Would you like your child to have in mind the idea that he must react first before thinking? In conclusion, censorship should be maintained in libraries. It helps everyone not to worry about the bad things their kids are doing or how they pulled out the bad idea. Help us promote censorship in libraries to create a more respectful environment.
I feel like we let the kids do what they feel and do what they want. We make them think we don't care what they're involved in, but that's not true. We need to set limits on what children should and should not be able to do. We have to show them that we know what they are doing. I think there should be an age policy for libraries. If there are any books that have any type of adult content, they should be in the adult section. If you have ever wanted to view any books, movies, or magazines from this section, you must be at least eighteen years old. If that was too much to ask, you should at least ask the parents to sign a consent form. Books, movies, and magazines with any type of adult content can be harmful to children, either through their actions or behavior. It @ MONTH1 affects their life depending on the age at which they were introduced to such things. We need to show them that we care about us. I know from personal experiences that being exposed to it changes people drastically, not over time but quickly. These days the media claim that money, alcohol, fame and drugs are all good things. This is what we put in our movies, our books and our magazines, and in the heads of the children of @ CAPS1. We tell them it's okay, but it's definitely not. These are all the reasons why we should put censorship and restrictions on libraries. We let the children of @ CAPS2 grow up fast and introduce them to things way too early. In a way, we are brainwashing them on how to live a destructive life, through adult oriented things.
The media are destroying our youth! it's something we hear every day. Teachers tell us, while parents and grandparents tell us how different their world was. They explain how the media of their time was not so open to sex and violence. They go on to say that they don't have violent video games teaching children that killing is okay. Because of these people, we believe the media is responsible for the evil in the world of @ DATE1. The truth is, it's not the media's fault, it's the parents. It is the responsibility of parents to teach the children of the world the difference between right and wrong. If these parents are doing their jobs well, the kids at @ DATE1 won't need to get everything censored. It is my firm belief that there should be no censorship. When there is censorship, people can rule what we learn, destroy what goes against their beliefs, and destroy our God-given right to free speech. Censorship will destroy available knowledge @ DATE1. We have seen censorship in our history. When we look back we see that @ ORGANIZATION1 censored and destroyed everything that went against them. We hated it when they burned books and destroyed customs, art and music that the government considered bad for their people. How would we be different if we did. We could potentially destroy the way of life for some. We would destroy what could be the masterpiece of tomorrow. By censoring, we would destroy history. By destroying history, we would destroy the shine that learns. If we allow censorship, anything that goes against our personal beliefs will be destroyed. If you ask a Christian if he would allow his children to read the book of the Muslim faith, @ LOCATION1, he will say no. It would be the same if you asked a Muslim if he would let his children read @ CAPS1. The point is, if it were witchcraft, we would destroy the beliefs of other peoples. No one has the right to rule what others believe in the world. Also in censorship, we would exterminate our freedom of speech and the freedom to express ourselves. If we don't allow people to read what someone else has written because we think it's wrong, then we're taking away the ability to learn new ideas because everyone has opinions and different theories. All the papers would close because they would all say the same thing. No one would want to read them because they would already know what to say. When we start giving up rights such as free speech, we will not be able to prevent those who have taken those rights from taking more. Of course, there will always be things in the media, in books, and in music that we don't like. There will be name calling, nudity and violence everywhere we turn. It's not because we want it there, but because these things are a part of life. These are the dark parts that we don't want to see. If you don't want to see, don't look. Don't close everyone's eyes because you don't like what you see. Our learning, our beliefs and our freedom of speech are too important to simply give in to censorship. We cannot allow others to dictate what is good for us in this matter. Our media are too closely linked to our lives. Who is right to decide what is good for our lives. If we start to give up these little freedoms, those who take them from us will not stop. They will continue to take our freedoms until we are no more than a dictatorship
Censorship in libraries shouldn't be a big deal. There are materials in libraries that are considered offensive to some people. To solve the problem, not everything has to be censored. Why can't those who find this offensive just steer clear of it ? I believe it should be a people's choice whether or not to read something and if they find it offensive they should just drop it. The book 'AT @ CAPS1 a @ CAPS2' offended many people. I read it and was not offended. I found it very interesting and informative. Many people think the book should be censored. But if it were censored, the story would change completely and it wouldn't be the same. I wouldn't have learned anything instead of learning how people lived in the story of @ LOCATION1. If all the books and magazines offensive to one person were removed from the shelves and all the books offensive to another were removed, what would be left ? Little children's books on kittens? Well, it's just adorable. I am very against censorship. I believe that if a material is offensive to you then you should not read or listen to it. But don't spoil it for the rest of us
The library is a place of learning, discovery and knowledge, accessible to anyone wishing to take the time to soak up the rows and rows of information. Comprising of children's books, young adult novels, @ ORGANIZATION1, @ PERSON2, music and movies, the library gives us plenty of opportunities to experience something we never knew before. However, there are other things that can be found in the library as well. Books containing racial slurs, sexual content, and offensive religious comments can be accidentally found while searching for something else. A parent shouldn't have to worry about their child stumbling across a book or magazine with inappropriate things like this in them. I believe that offensive books, music, movies and magazines should be taken off the shelves of our libraries. I would like to be saying that I have an extreme problem with books that include comments, remarks, or names referring to people of a certain race. Imagine if a woman @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 brought her @ NUM1 year old daughter to the library to find information about a school project. Instead of finding @ PERSON1's date of birth, she found a book mocking @ CAPS1 @ CAPS4 and calling them inappropriate names. Children should not be confronted with such a discovery in a public establishment, where fun and interesting facts should be found ; not racial slurs. This type of event could cause serious damage to a child emotionally and mentally. This is why this stuff should be taken off the shelves immediately! Another problem I have is the sexual content found in libraries. I understand that several books contain some sort of sexual content, but I'm talking about a novel depicting a sex scene in extreme detail, or pictures of almost naked women on the cover. If anyone is looking for a book like this, they can go to a sex store somewhere nearby and get their dose of sexual pleasure from reading. This type of book, however, should not be found in the library. This gives a bad image to our society and taints our places of knowledge. Finally, I would like to express how I feel about offensive religious comments found in libraries. Each human in @ LOCATION1 is entitled to their own choice of religion. They @ MONTH1 practice it freely, which unfortunately is not the case for others in different countries. If we have an unusual right like freedom of religion then why would we put books in our libraries that include rude comments about different religions. A woman @ CAPS5 shouldn't have to go to a library and come across a book claiming her religion is waste and stupidity. This is not the truth, and it should not be in our libraries! Even though I feel that way about inappropriate books, I understand that there must be some kind of limit when it comes to censorship. Many people fear that once we start removing certain books from libraries, more and more books will be taken out of the public until nearly all of our libraries are empty. Yes, if we don't censor within certain limits, it could happen. This is not what I want to happen though. I just want the people of this community to stop and consider what is readily available for our children to obtain. The least we can do as parents is to remove books, films, magazines and music from libraries that contain racist slurs, sexual content and offensive religious comments.
Two of the many privileges we have as @ CAPS1 are freedom of speech and freedom of speech. Although some @ MONTH1 books are perceived as offensive or inappropriate, I think they should always be available to the public. Some might agree with the topic expressed, even if it is offensive or inappropriate, and others @ MONTH1 not ; but they should not be taken out of libraries because of their negativity. These offensive or harsh pieces of literature could even be used to show the public what is considered rude, offensive or inappropriate, and should be viewed as a learning tool instead of being banned. Everyone has the right to have an opinion, and other @ MONTH1 or @ MONTH1 don't agree with what that person has to say, but that doesn't change the fact that they have the right to have their beliefs. Katherine Paterson says, " We can all think of a book that we hope none of our children or other children have taken away on their own ." I myself have read literature which is considered offensive, but no matter how disturbing the literature is, I am glad I was educated on what people thought was acceptable behavior so that I would know and could teach others. other than despite what the book says, we know it described how people should not live. I think it would be a grave mistake to remove these documents from public view, as many are engulfed in the historical beliefs of others that have affected our nation and other countries around the world. All of these books are educational, although some are harsh, and they should be used to show what is right and wrong. If removed from library shelves, people, especially children, might start to think that a certain idea, whether @ MONTH1 is incorrect or offensive, is entirely appropriate and acceptable. As someone once said, "@ CAPS2 who doesn't know their story is compelled to repeat it". By removing the problem, we would create another problem. For example, many books have been written throughout history which convey hatred and discrimination towards other cultures, ethnicities, religions and ways of life. If @ CAPS2's literary works were banned and not accessible to the public, many people wouldn't know it is wrong to show hatred towards other people just because they are different from you. This type of literature provides useful information : it allows people to see how a lot of people thought life should have been years ago, and they taught the folks at @ DATE1 that this is actually the way people shouldn't live.
Libraries are known as places where a person can go to find material on almost any subject that they might want to learn about, whether that material is a book, a movie, or a magazine. Anyone can use the library, and it is a valuable resource for many people. So why do some libraries insist on removing some of these precious documents from their shelves? In recent years, censorship in libraries has been the subject of much coverage. In almost all cases, library patrons were annoyed that certain materials were deemed unsuitable for donation to the library. I must say I agree with them. People have the right to choose what books they want to read, what movies they want to watch, and what music they want to listen to. People have opinions; people don't agree. What one person likes, another person might hate. But just because one person dislikes or is offended by material on a library shelf does not mean that all other users should be denied the opportunity to use that material. I think if a resource is viewed by one person and one person is able to learn or appreciate the resource, then the library has served its purpose and helped the community by offering this material. In conclusion, censorship in libraries is limiting and erroneous. It creates barriers for those who want to learn and it deprives people of the freedom to make decisions for themselves. Everyone should be able to decide if they want to buy a library item, and censorship makes that impossible.
Katherine Paterson said this quote: “We can all think of a book that we hope none of our children or other children have pulled off the shelves,” @ CAPS1 I agree. I think some of the books we have in our @ ORGANIZATION1 libraries today just shouldn't be there. Offensive books, music, movies, and magazines can give students and young children a bad impact on the life or the environment around them. Nowadays what kids see is sometimes what they do, so if books, music, movies, and magazines give them the idea that what they say or do is cool, then kids do. most likely will. The observation of @ CAPS2 when I watch the children of the @ CAPS2 community play is that they follow each other. When they play tag and hide and seek, movies, books, music and magazines therefore play a big role in their behavior. @ CAPS2's own experience with offending books would be, there are books that are made by @ PERSON3. In these books, they use curel language, use wonmen body parts as symbols, and a lot of other crass things. @ CAPS2 little sister came across one of these books, when she asked me about it, it was difficult for me to explain to her that it was not a book for a child her age to read, so the best way for me to say it was that it was an adult book. To get all the images out of her head that I think she shouldn't have. Another experience I saw was with little cousin @ CAPS2 @ PERSON2. He was looking at a magazine from the library @ ORGANIZATION1. The magazine was offensive to the wonmen. It was a Play Boy Bunny magazine. Now I don't know if you have ever heard of these magazines but I think it is very wrong that they are using wonmen bodysuits for men to see. I also think that this type of magazines should not be in a library @ ORGANIZATION1. I believe this gives children, mainly young men, misconceptions about wonmen. The general thoughts of @ CAPS2 about censorship in libraries is that not everyone will feel the same as I do. There are parents who allow their children to read, listen and watch what they want. I'm here to say that I don't think that's the way to go because it can make your kids do inappropriate things. I hope you take the personal @ CAPS2 experience with you with you and help your children read, listen to and watch age appropriate books, music, movies and magazines.
Do I think some material like books, music, movies, magazines etc should be removed from libraries, no, because people may need to know certain information, some lessons are taught in different sources, all sources are liabilities. Now all you need @ MONTH1 is some information, and in these sources there are countless lessons to be learned. For example, if I were to go to a library and need a book on religion, I would need a book or a movie to teach me about that particular topic, or even about sex, I would need a magazine or move around to watch for new information. There are different lessons in different aspects. For example, some people learn by example, movies, music, and magazines. If I was looking for a source on music theory, maybe I would need one of these things to get what I need. Finally, these things are liabilities. Don't get me wrong, we need it on a daily basis, but in a way we sort of do. We use search engines for everything, every day. so what do you think. In conclusion, I think we need these sources because, someone @ MOIS1 needs certain information, there are different lessons learned and taught in different things, well ALL sources are responsibilities
The right to take a book off the shelf is not a good thing to do. My take on the subject is that if this starts, there will be nothing but empty shelves in libraries across the country. Once the withdrawal of the books begins, there will be hardly any left. We use books every day, for the students we use them for learning and for entertainment during certain classes. Books help us learn things, like new words we've never heard of before, or an important point in history that we should know. Even as adults, some of them enjoy reading in their free time. I think it's wrong to take a book off the shelf just because a few or a group of people think it's inappropriate. If so, libraries should have a section for books that won't let small children go. their is a problem for this idea, what books should go in this section of the library ? One way to resolve this issue would be to elect a nationwide library service to set it up and get people to vote on which books to pick up or put in a special section in libraries across the country. This idea is the same for anything in a library. Another solution to this problem is that libraries across the country have another labeling system like the decimal dewey system, but use both. this new system could contain information such as reviews, reviews of the book, or what happened during the book. This would educate the reader more on what they are about to dive into in the coming week. Books, music, magazines found in libraries must be left with them for a reason. Someone wrote or composed for a reason. so that people like you and me can enjoy great stories in books and read informative magazines and listen to great music
Libraries should never remove material just because @ MONTH1 is found to be offensive. Something that is offensive to one person @ MONTH1 is not offensive to another. If the material was so offensive that it was against the law, then it probably wouldn't have been released in the first place. People are often offended if they read, see or listen to something that goes against their personal views, ethics or religion. But people have to learn to understand that other people think differently and have different values. Although people's opinions differ, each opinion is equally important to that person. So many media sources are censored today that it is essential to keep a place where people can freely obtain material and express their opinions. As a student, I often struggle to find meaningful literature in the school library because it is so censored. I'm not complaining because I understand that schools have to be careful about what they expose students to. But if I'm looking for something maybe more religious, derogatory, or less accepted, it's good to have a public library where I can find these things. In conclusion, if people are offended by something on the shelves of a library, they shouldn't read, watch, or listen to it. But don't censor everything so that people who enjoy this content can no longer access it easily.
I don't believe books should be taken off the shelves because they are offensive. Some books deemed offensive by one person may not offend another. People @ MONTH1 have the right to say that a book is offensive if that is how they feel, but they have no right to deny others the right to read that book. I understand that parents want to protect children. Parents should talk to their children and explain to them why they do not want them to read this particular book. Parents can also just let their kids read it and explain why they don't approve. I feel the same about censorship of music and movies. When I was twelve, I started listening to music that I liked instead of the music my mother played. My mother was worried about the lyrical content of the songs I listened to. She refused to buy me the music and wouldn't let me listen to it. I went to my friends and listed some explicit music and watched movies rated @ CAPS1. She could never really stop me because this explicit language was spoken everywhere I went. I think that instead of trying to deny teenagers music, parents should explain why and let them make the decision. I think the censorship should be left to the parents of this child. Sometimes when parents try to bring their children together, they actually push them away. This is why I think it is so important for parent and child to always talk and be comfortable
Lots of people go to libraries; like children, parents and grandparents. I realized that their purpose in going to this place of community love is to find peace and quiet. Some don't even go there for the books. They will listen to music, magazines, have a cup of coffee, or just connect to the Internet. Now, some people argue that some of the books, music, and movies in libraries are inappropriate or offensive, but does that mean libraries should have to get rid of them ? These materials that people find offensive have no reason to be banned. First of all, libraries will lose customers. There is a majority of people in the world who really enjoy listening to rap or @ CAPS1 & @ CAPS2. It is difficult to find this kind of music without swearing or sexual innuendo. Even I will listen to that stuff every now and then just to get a cool beat in my head for a while. Additionally, when you are in a library and listening to music, you will have headphones on, which will not disturb other people in or around the library. Second, customers who don't like the context of these materials don't have to get them. If there is a book that has a sex scene or is about drugs, then don't read it. You have a choice of which book you want to read and if that is not your style, there are plenty of other children's books and aisles that you can browse. Those interested in these topics always deserve to be able to choose these books. I have been to my public library several times, and every time I have been there, I haven't even seen a book, music, or movie once that is unpleasant to me. So if you're someone who wants an offensive book, you need a @ CAPS3 research, not just a quick little scan. Finally freedom. Isn't that about @ CAPS4 ? Freedom of speech and religion, and even the kind of movies you want to watch. I know this might come as a surprise, but there are labels on the back of the films that indicate if it is @ CAPS5, @ LOCATION1, @ LOCATION1 @ NUM1 or @ CAPS1. It also includes the not-so-nice content that will be featured in the movie. So you have complete freedom to buy (view) any of these rated films. As I made clear earlier, you don't have to watch the nastiest movies, so just choose what you want and be happy. As you can see, there is absolutely no reason to remove offensive books, music, or movies. There are many different types and styles of these categories and it doesn't bother anyone. Libraries will lose customers, people won't have to choose the least appropriate things, and we @ CAPS7 have the freedom to do what we want, especially with what we'd like to read, listen to, or watch. So save time and keep only the few so-called “ offensive ” elements .
There are a lot of people who think that certain books, music, movies, and magazines are offensive and should be taken from library shelves. If you were to do a project on a subject that shocks some people and there was no information on it, wouldn't you be a little upset? If you find something that is offensive and interesting, you should be able to go to your local library and read a book about it, and if you like listening to offensive music, you should be able to just turn on the radio and listen and not have to worry about this stuff being deleted. Some people are given projects for their work or for their schoolwork. If the topic of your project was offensive to a certain race or person, you would want books or any other type of information on the shelves at your local library for you to work on. If all offensive books were removed from library shelves, no one would be able to work on them. Some people find some offensive topics interesting. For example, if someone found @ PERSON1 interesting, @ MONTH1 just wants to do some research to find out more. If books and magazines all disappeared from the shelves on this subject, then these people could not know more about these kinds of subjects. There are a lot of people who think that most of the music you hear on the radio today is offensive. If they got rid of all that kind of music, there probably wouldn't be a lot of music left to listen to, and a lot of people would be very angry. Also, if they got rid of all these types of music, the writers of these songs would not be able to make any money and would find themselves out of work. I think people who think this stuff is offensive should just stay away from it and stop complaining. Anyone who doesn't take these things offensive will be happy not to delete books, magazines, music, etc.
I think if there are books, @ CAPS1 music, movies, or magazines, we should have the right to take them off the shelves if it's offensive. The reason I think it's because I have a little girl that I don't want to see this stuff. I don't want her to listen or watch movies or read anything offensive or vulgar. I know it is a free country and that everyone has the right to have their own opinions. Libraries are paid for by taxpayer dollars and if we take vulgar movies, books, music and magazines on the offensive, then they should be off the shelves. Children can read, see or listen to these vulgar things and think it is good or cool to say or do these things. They can see bad pictures, nudity, drugs and violence. They can see and learn about different types of drugs. For example, pictures of weed, cocaine, or pills are in books. Children can look at this stuff and see the violence. For example, they can see pictures of men hitting women or children killing children and that sets a bad example. We live in a world where people are influenced by the things they read, watch and listen to. It is important that people know what their children are seeing. The library is a place where a lot of people go to learn. It is important that only people are allowed to see the material that is suitable for them
Entering a @ CAPS1 everyone has their own opinions on what to see on the shelves and what should be on the shelves for everyone to see, including children of all ages. Some people @ MONTH1 agree that there should only be clothes suitable for everyone's age, others disagree. In my opinion, when I look at this topic, I think there should be books for everyone to read, regardless of age group, but there should be a section for kids as well. If parents are so concerned about what types of books their kids might see in a library, they might just put them in the kids section for viewing. There is no reason in the world that it should not be possible to bring out a variety of types of books. When it comes to watching magazines, movies, and music, I always have the same opinion on some aspect. There should be all types of music on the shelves, because it's not like people can listen to it while watching @ CAPS2. But my opinion of magazines and movies can vary. There are a number of films and magazines. I think they should all be out loud on the shelves, minus any pornography. The reason I think so is that kids shouldn't have such a big impact on what they put on the shelves in a library. Parents just need to be responsible and watch what their children are watching, and pay attention to them. But when it comes to pornography, it shouldn't be on display in a public place such as a library. There are places to draw the line, in any situation and this is where I think it should be drawn in a library.
Not all libraries are good because some people go to the library and access the computer on the website the child finds. People need the computer to apply for a job, and the owner wants a card. Among all the children, they can learn from the library and work there if needed, it is so much that they can do that they can be there all week. Everyone, from the little ones to adults, can still learn today in the @ NUM1 center. You can learn more about your seniority or about a car accident or what is going on in the world. Like japaness or chin, there is so much you can do from the library or the books in it. It's up to the family to get to know each other better through the library.
There are over six billion people in the world. This means that there are over six billion different personalities and opinions of all these distinct people. It would be next to impossible to remove all aspects of the media that might be deemed offensive, because almost everyone is offended by something. Some media can be found more offensive than others, but it is likely that this is something the author is passionate about and the author might be offended if his opinion is rejected. Now that the Internet is accessible in almost every place in the world. Media that was previously only on shelves are now displayed online, which can never be permanently removed from public view. It is illogical to think that simply removing material from libraries would prevent different groups of people from being offended by the media. There is a big difference between awareness and offense. Some books and magazines may just intend to explain a type of culture and raise awareness on the subject. However, there is a definite line that goes as far as the offensive and can easily be crossed by authors around the world. It is therefore in the interest of these authors to take into account the people they write about. It is important to avoid stereotypes as they can be hurtful. There is already a lot of offensive literature in the world and finding everything and restricting everything would be just irrational. If a person is offended by something someone has written, they should just avoid reading it. However, this does not give writers the power to target a group in their writing and specifically offend them. It is a very two-sided subject. It cannot be strictly controlled by library censorship; it is also in the hands of authors and readers around the world. Authors and media producers should consider others and strive to raise awareness rather than offend. In this regard, readers around the world should keep in mind why the author might target them and avoid conflict by avoiding material. It is by no means fair to target and offend a group of people in a piece of literature; However, this is a practice that has been practiced before and just removing the materials from the shelves will not prevent it from being exploited. Libraries are already sharply declining in their importance around the world. All new technologies have hurt them and they are unlikely to become more important again than other resources, like the Internet. With that in mind, how much would library censorship really help these offended groups around the world ? Most likely, they wouldn't even notice a change. Everyone has the right to have an opinion and to share it, but it is also important to keep the feelings of others in mind. The world is full of different media that many people have access to, so writers and producers need to think outside of themselves before putting them on the shelves.
What is offensive to you? See that your answer may be different from the person sitting right next to you. There is so much material in the world that is deemed offensive. The world wouldn't be any different if we had to get all of this offensive material off the shelves. There would be nothing left because everyone has their own opinion about something and everyone has different inferences about what is offensive to them. I believe that offensive material should not be taken off the shelves. Everything would be ready for use if we had to remove the offending materials from the shelves. There is always something wrong with something. @ CAPS1 can be the way someone said something or the way they don't mean @ CAPS1. There is always that person in the group who has something negative to say. Either they take @ CAPS1 the wrong way, or they just think @ CAPS1 is wrong. Everyone has their opinion on everything. Ditto when someone asks you what offends you. Someone else @ MONTH1 says that what you find offensive is not offensive to them at all. For example, my grandfather loves all kinds of music and his life revolves around music. My grandma doesn't like some of her music because she says "@ CAPS1 isn't right for me" which means she doesn't believe in some of the things music is trying to persuade people to do. My grandfather doesn't pay as much attention to the lyrics as my grandmother does because he doesn't see music that way. My grandfather is very fond of music because of their beat and rhythm. They always disagree on what music they want to listen to because my grandmother finds something in the music that is offensive to her beliefs, but my grandfather does not. @ CAPS1 doesn't affect her as much as she does. If you were to go around and ask people what is offensive to them, there would be many different answers and you could never sum @ CAPS1 into one answer. With only a few people who feel offended about certain things, but the majority find @ CAPS1 different, it would ruin @ CAPS1 for almost everyone. So that would be almost all gone because @ CAPS1 is still that person who takes @ CAPS1 the wrong way and must be offended. So I still believe that offensive material should not be taken off the shelves.
Personally, I don't think any books, music, movies, or magazines should be taken off the shelves because they are deemed offensive. However, I think there should be a way to protect still developing adolescents from reading books that @ MONTH1 offend them or introducing them to new concepts or ideas that @ MONTH1 hinder their educational growth. Some children who have not been properly educated on a controversial subject (like drugs or alcohol) @ MONTH1 make a bad decision based on something they have read in a book or on a web page. To help solve the problem of offending children or discouraging their education, I suggest that we make a system of " grading " books. Similar to rating a movie or video game, this system would rate the book so readers know what age the book is appropriate for and indicate what factors the book incorporates to rate it as they did. . As a newspaper company, you obviously know our @ CAPS1 from @ CAPS2. We as @ CAPS3 have @ CAPS2. One of them being freedom of speech, as well as freedom of the press. Having said that, I don't think removing books labeled as " inappropriate " from the shelves is a reasonable solution to the problem. I know from personal experience when someone tries to take away my @ CAPS2 that I am entitled to, I get extremely angry. Authors, publishers, photographers, and publishers all put in a lot of hard work and long hours to put these books on the shelves. By removing the books from the shelves, I think it would suppress their @ CAPS2 as @ CAPS3. I know if I was an author and my book was taken off the shelves because someone found it " inappropriate ", I would be very upset. Removing books from the shelves could potentially trigger an author's strike, in protest until his books are allowed to be enjoyed by anyone who wishes to read them. However, as I mentioned in the second paragraph, I think creating a rating system for books is a good idea that allows authors to express themselves fully, and also lets readers know what controversial material is in there. in the book without being affected by the information they would have read without warning. I strongly advise you to consider my proposal, as it has the potential to prevent future confrontations between the authors and the public.
Why @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 ? Are there movies, music, magazines, books and more in our libraries today considered offensive to some ? A good chunk of people believe this, and there are some that @ CAPS2 isn't even about. So should they be taken off the shelves of our public libraries or should they be able to stay there? Katherine Paterson made a statement and part of @ CAPS2 said, "But if I have the right to take this book off the working shelf that I loathe then you also have the exact same right and everyone Also. And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us. @ CAPS3, I think some literature and magazines should be taken out of libraries simply because of the content of many books loaded with foul language, violence, sex appeal, etc. For example, I remember one day when I went to a local library with my little sister, and she was looking for a Disney magazine and there were some provocative magazines on the shelf that had half-naked women just on the cover. next to children's magazines. To me, it's a selling sex image. What parent would want their child to learn sex at a young age ? Second, even music placed in libraries today is not good clean music. Much of today's music also sells sex, violence and drugs. My dad tells me all the time to this day that music back then was appropriate for all ages. Music like hip hop and rap is the main source of all the inappropriate stuff, but rappers and producers aren't to blame because they just create what people want and what sells. In addition, the movies rented in libraries today are very shocking. They seem to contain the same material as books, magazines, and music. They all present the same image that seems to entertain the majority of society today. So, can we just find something better to grab the attention of the audience that buys this material? In conclusion, I believe that this material should be removed from the shelves of public libraries. But I don't think @ CAPS2 would do any good, because people will just find another source to get @ CAPS2. Like Katherine said @ CAPS2 won't be left with books anymore if everything is taken off
I think censorship should be used in libraries to some extent. There are too many children who have access to inappropriate material in the library, but some of them could be useful. There was a time when I borrowed a movie from the public library. When I got home to watch it with my mom, it turned out to be very inappropriate and offensive, not to mention awkward and embarrassing. My mom and I couldn't believe that a person of any age could have access to such an inappropriate movie as the movie '@ CAPS1'. Although some materials should not be in the library, some materials might be considered by some people to be offensive and are located in the library for educational purposes. Some people think gay rights, abortion, and teenage sexual activity are offensive. There are @ MONTH1 people out there who would like to know more about any of these things for a project in school or an issue in their personal life. Someone @ MONTH1 has a family member who thinks they are gay, a girl who has become sexually active, or a woman @ MONTH1 is considering having an abortion. What is offensive to some, @ MONTH1 should not be offensive to others. I think censorship should be used for some offensive material. If it's educational, it's @ MONTH1 useful to some people. There will never be a perfect answer to a problem like this in the world. As the world evolves, the morals of the human race also evolve and there is nothing that is offensive to all the people of the world.
Have you ever been offended by a movie, book, song or magazine? Did you have the choice to watch and / or read the article ? The question that seems to interest people is whether these offensive items should be taken off the shelves. I don't think they should. I'm sure you could ask anyone if they've ever been offended by a movie, book, or magazine and they could all give an example. I doubt they ever saw the movie again and if they did, it obviously wasn't that bad. If something shocks you, don't read it or watch it. If you don't want your kids to watch something, don't let them. You can make that decision. No one is forcing you to watch or read all of this. I know I watched a movie or two that I probably shouldn't have. I have even read books that are not the best, but I choose to read them. No one forced the act on me. Some of you @ MONTH1 are asking : "@ CAPS1 about school ?" If a teacher asks you to read a book and your child doesn't feel comfortable with it, then discuss it with the teacher. They will be more than understanding and maybe give your child a different book. They might even explain why he or she asks the class to read the book and why children should be exposed to this type of literature. There will always be offensive books and movies. If you take out all the books from a library that have offended someone at some point, you probably won't have much library left. The shelves would be bare. You have the choice to read or watch something. If it's offensive, don't look at it. Everyone has different opinions about this book or this movie. It's @ MONTH1 to be offensive to you, but for the next person it could be a really good show. I don't think offensive books, magazines, music, or movies should be taken off the shelves.
Libraries have tons of books ranging from comedy to violence. Some people enjoy reading books about war and violence while others find it offensive. It doesn't matter what the book is about, people have a choice of whether or not to read it, so why should libraries remove books that some might find offensive? They should not ! Everyone has different views on ideas, and not everyone is the same. If all the books that were offensive to someone were taken off the shelf, there would be no more books. People walk into the library and most of the time the books are labeled with what they're talking about. They walk to the section they like and choose a book and normally don't go to the section they don't like. There is no reason to go to the section they don't like because they won't read a book from there because they don't like it. They would only cause problems and disturb those who like to read these kinds of books. People have a choice of whether or not to read a book, so why worry about what other people are reading as long as they are happy with what you have. If a parent doesn't want a child to read a certain type of book, that is their business, but other parents might want their child to know everything that is going on and develop their child's perspective on issues. topics. Everyone has different opinions and ideas. If everyone were the same, the world would be boring and there would be nothing to say. Reading different types of books and listening to different types of music, there is always something to say because not everyone is familiar with the same topics. Reading a new kind of book might even open people's eyes to the differences that exist in the world. Children are often more open to different ideas than adults, so if books aren't there for kids to try to read, they'll never know what they like and don't like. A book that a child likes @ MONTH1 not be that another child likes or even that an adult likes but it is normal, people are not the same. If everyone took out the books or music they found offensive, there wouldn't be much left on the shelves. The styles are mostly opposite, like comedy and sad books. Most people who would like comedy wouldn't like sadness and vice versa so they would take the other one off the shelf so that neither of them have anything to read or listen to. Even with some of the top selling books people are wondering why or how many were sold, but that's it. People love the book, so if one person didn't love it, all of these people would never have known what this book is about and @ MONTH1 changed their lives. Books can have a huge impact on people's lives and if they never read this book, the change would never have been made in their lives. The world turns because of the differences and the world becomes better because of the different ideas. not everyone can be the same, it just wouldn't work. Libraries shouldn't have to take books from shelves just because someone found them offensive or disliked them. People have a choice of whether or not to read books, and different views and ideas are good for making things more interesting. Also, if everyone removed the books and music from the shelves they didn't like, there wouldn't be many books and music left. So if you come across a book or music that you don't like, just ignore it, don't read it or listen to it. Things will be much simpler in the long run.
Real life is rated @ CAPS1 so why pretend it isn't ? If a library feels that if a book is too graphic, a movie too violent, or music too aggressive, then it is their choice whether or not to delete it. It is true that there is no point in trying to censor the lives of children and adolescents. Explicit content is everywhere, not just in the media and literature. The endless game of protecting these generations of adolescents and children is already over. At this point, the main focus of a lot of movies, music, and books is something violent, aggressive, inappropriate, or explicit. The idea of removing these things from the library shelves is pointless. There will always be violence and crime in today's world with excessive swearing and swearing all around. It is exceptional that some parents do not want their children to read, watch or listen to something that they do not approve or would not approve of, but even though children are protected and at home in the world, sometimes parents will not be there. Libraries are public places, and a percentage of the public would be upset, frustrated, or angry if the books, music, or movies they loved were no longer available due to censorship. It seems @ MONTH1 that watching, reading or listening to something violent or explicit would have an effect on the listener. In the streets, at school, in the park and other places, children and teens will be exposed to this type of explicit language, so there is simply no point in trying to emphasize it in their reading and viewing. . In my experience, I have grown up and have been around people who grew up listening to violent music, watching graphic films and more explicit material and who were not affected. I saw my first @ CAPS1 movie rated when I was nine, so parents can give their kids a little age, but at some point trying to cencor anything is a waste of time. With schools now teaching their students about the benefits of abstinence and sexual illnesses, students are more likely to abstain despite what they see in movies, read or listen to. Any child exposed to the Internet can be subjected to all kinds of inappropriate content, explicit canoeing, bad language, swearing and disturbing images. Real life is rated @ CAPS1 so why pretend it isn't ? Trying to block the explicit and the violence in the world is a never-ending battle. Some things @ MONTH1 are over the line, but others are just reenactments and glimpses of what is really going on in this world. Why would you stop the real world from keeping children and teens away ? Movies are rated and Music @ CAPS4 has an explicit content tag so people know what's right for them. The first expletive a child hears probably wasn't in a song or movie and was probably somewhere in the real world.
There are a lot of books in the library that shouldn't be there. Books about racism, violence or pornography, I wouldn't want my young children to be able to take these kinds of books out of the library. A library in a school is a great way to help students with projects, essays, or just reading. If my kid was in elementary school or even college, I wouldn't want him to be able to read a book about things he shouldn't even know yet. If my teenager was in high school I wouldn't mind because he's old enough to understand what's really going on in the world. They could also do a project on the harms of pornography, in which the library is the best place to find a book than the interent that could take them to many bad websites. Since going to my local high school, I think it's nice that I can find everything I need in my library at school. This makes it easier to work on projects. In the libraries there is also a ton of music, movies and magazines. If a library has educational music, why not keep it there? If the music is rap, pop, or country, they could just get it from @ CAPS1 instead of the library that provides it. Magazines can also be educational. If you are doing a fashion project, a @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 would be great to help them find some tips. Magazines can also contain inappropriate material. Since everything they talk about in the media is sex, the articles about sex would likely be in magazines. Every time I look in magazines I skip all this nonsense they are talking about and read the articles about clothes, food and people. Exposing this to young children might not be the best, but for teenagers they get it. Movies should not be in the library unless they are also educational. There are a ton of @ CAPS4 that these creepy movies don't need to be in a library around. In conclusion, I think it all depends on the types of children who go to the library. For young children, stick with the educational cartoon type things. For teens, stay educational but be more relaxed about it. If something offends you, go chat with the librarian, he'll probably be happy to take it off the shelf.
Books can be good things, but are they still good? They teach us things, entertain us, and sometimes are good pillows, but they can also be bad things. When a book is inappropriate for the reader, it should not be on the library shelves. Music is the same. The library should definitely remove the book from the shelf if someone finds it offensive. Some @ MONTH1 books are religiously offensive. Someone @ MONTH1 believes in something very strongly, then a book makes fun of it or somehow trashes it. Some @ MONTH1 say the person just shouldn't be reading the book, but if it was me I would like the book to go away so it wouldn't remind me of what it said every time I walked past it . @ MONTH1 books are even unsuitable for small children. It @ MONTH1 contains language parents don't like. People said they should just make a section for these books where little kids can't access them, but you don't know what the parents of the kids are like. they might think a word is wrong when you think it is right. Everyone is different. In addition, an @ MONTH1 book contains pictures that are not suitable for children. It goes back to what I said before, you can't just create a section for these books and say hell with it. Libraries might even consider censoring some of their books. Some religions believe that certain types of music are the music of the devil. I know from experience that my mom thinks scream-o is the devil's music. She says it's not right for them to sing like that and @ CAPS1 wouldn't like it. Parents of other @ MONTH1 people feel the same way. @ MONTH1 magazines also contain words or pictures that someone might take the wrong way. While I don't think libraries should remove them, they should still monitor who reads them. They might even put a little tag on the cover of the magazine stating that @ MONTH1 is not for everyone. Books are generally good things, although they can be very bad. Ultimately, libraries should consider censoring their books, or if the book is bad enough and receives enough complaints, take it off the shelves altogether.
Just because I agree with something, do you have to agree too? Does your cousin believe in one thing, does that mean you have to believe in it too? No, not in my opinion, and I hope not in yours either. If you see something that you find offensive, does that mean it offends someone else around you ? The world is made up of things that kids agree with and parents don't and this world is made up of things that you love and others won't, but that doesn't make that item or item invaluable or offensive. , and not in the least inappropriate. Objects containing allegedly offensive material are always going to exist in the world we live in and have been for some time. They are going to be everywhere; in stores, in schools, indoors, outdoors, they are everywhere, and there is no reason for them to be a problem. They won't go away and we don't want to worry about that, it could become a criminal offense of sorts. So why fight it, well, I'm saying we don't. Do you find that seeing an offensive object makes an area that much less attractive and well-meaning ? What if something you loved offended another, does it make it all the more painful for you to love it? Almost all things and materials in this world are loved and hated, all based on opinions. Nothing in this world exists without opinions. Life itself can be an opinion. I believe that if there is something in a library that is considered offensive by one, it is not considered offensive by all. Nothing should be removed from a shelf or rack because another person disagrees with it. Replace other objects or ideas with this, if one person in the world was offended by another person, would you just remove them from the human race ? No, I sure hope you wouldn't, but for some they @ MOIS1 see this as their only resolution. Well I don't, and I'm a strong, strong-minded person and for me that's all wrong. Anything that is published or released to the world, to the public by someone means it's their way of expressing something, it's their way of life, and they have that right. This is who they are, and this is what they love, this is another person, everything we see or hear in this world is someone else because it is from an individual who we don't care, so why lessen that equivalence because it's not the same way I feel? We @ MONTH1 don't all agree with their lifestyle, we @ MONTH1 don't agree with their choice of clothes, but how do we know if we agree with their style of heart? No one characteristic dictates other characteristics of another, so why should one item do so ? One good thing for you might be bad for another, what if it just goes away? Taking a CD off a shelf won't make it disappear from the world, it could be found elsewhere, but it's still like eliminating your hand because your fingers don't look like mine. Nothing can justify taking things out of the shops and out of the world because a group of people don't understand it enough to feel the same way and be okay with it. Anything can be seen as inappropriate, but what if your view of the appropriate is the eye of another to the inappropriate. Maybe there just isn't an inappropriate line of definition, especially in the world we live in today. If we start to eliminate and remove everything that we don't like, we will have nothing left, and everything could be gone in a week or a month. People would take an inch to a mile, and erase everything, and then we would start eliminating the people we don't like, and it would all become a repeat. We learn our history for a reason, does this all sound like a situation or two the world has been through before? Erasing things from life hasn't done any good before. If we start to listen to the facts of people who disagree with one thing, we will listen to the next one, what happens when all of a sudden people come back and say they don't like women with blond hair. or the green-eyed men? The world is going to crumble and burn before our eyes, and if I can identify these things at age fifteen, then some have to identify things at fifty, accept that the world has its flaws too. So just because I agree with everything I said, are you going to agree with that too? No, I know you won't, but think about it when you expect others to agree with what you say or think. When I think about people who cut down on the things they don't like, I can already see the world losing its pathetic value that it has earned, and we @ MONTH1 don't all love this world but we can't. to lose. Eliminating the things you're not cross-eyed with won't do any good, so maybe we should accept the different people we've been blessed with and love what we have. Accept the world as it is, because this is what you live in and this is what you have, because without it nothing would be nothing. Try to fix broken things, not eliminate shredded things
offensive materials in libraries should not be removed from shelves because of their content. Writing is an art form, and censoring what an author writes could obscure their message. people live on the streets and in public places daily, so censorship in libraries would not protect anyone. Removing books from libraries altogether could also interfere with research or school projects the children are to work on for class. Writing is an art form, and censoring what an author writes could potentially obscure a major message or theme in the novel. This style of writing can be seen in @ PERSON1's novel To @ CAPS1 a @ CAPS2 from @ PERSON1 using offensive terms for @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 to define that of racial tension in the south at this time. This type of censorship would also be detrimental if a reader studying the Holocaust cannot see the images of the death camps due to the graphic nature, the reader would not be able to understand the true horror of the camp without it. People live around the offense every day at home, on the streets and even at school. A normal person has several occasions a day when he @ MONTH1 hears name calling in the street from strangers or passing friends. Parents sometimes curse or use profanity in front of their children to prove a point or simply by accident, and this would expose children to offensive behavior just as much as adults. Children are also exposed to coarse language and behavior when going to school and working with children who might be engaging in offensive behavior. Censorship of books in libraries could interfere with school or work-related projects and research. Censorship could be a problem if a student could not get a book about a war or major event due to its graphic nature, hampering the ability of students to complete their work effectively. It could also cause problems if a teacher needs to rent a book that contains slight profanity but is unable to do so because of the content, preventing them from teaching their students the topic and lesson. Content-based censorship of books should not be allowed in libraries. first, trying to censor a novel can obscure the message or theme. Second, people live with profanity every day, so trying to censor them wouldn't protect people as they've probably heard what is being said in the novel before. finally, library censorship could interfere with work or school projects or research. If all libraries were censored, it could potentially cause several complications for workers, students, or people just looking for a good book to read.
Libraries are sometimes connoted as very boring. Walking around the islands looking at all the books and wishing they were all more interesting. Within minutes of browsing the only shelf you've rummaged for what seems like hours, you catch a glimpse of a very interesting title. Inside this book there could be countless inappropriate images and profanity on every page. Who is to blame for opening the book and reading it? Profanity, nudity, and crass humor, along with a lot of other things, are all over the media, including books. Some parents try very hard to keep their children away from these things by telling the child that they just cannot watch, listen or read certain things. Parents usually don't say why they don't let their child see, hear or read these things, other than “ it's bad and I said no ”. If parents told their child precisely why they are not supposed to be exposed to certain things, the child might not be so inclined to get involved in these things. Not only should parents teach their child why they shouldn't be exposed to these things, but maybe they should be there when their kids have a chance to see things they shouldn't. And if a child is too young to see, hear or read certain things, then he is far too young to browse a library or any other place where he is not properly guided by a parent. Censorship, in my opinion, should not be done by libraries, film producers, television programs and record labels, it should be done by the parents of a child.
Brian @ PERSON1 @ NUM1 @ DATE1 @ CAPS1 @ NUM2 Censorship in libraries Should there be censorship in libraries? If it's an @ ORGANIZATION1 @ ORGANIZATION1 library no, but if it's an @ ORGANIZATION1 library, yes. I'll tell you what I think about books, movies, and magazines. I'll tell you about the books first. I think the books of an @ ORGANIZATION1 @ ORGANIZATION1 shouldn't be censored because parts of the story get rude and obnoxious. Then the sex education books should also be in the library so that people can read about it and not just follow what others say. I don't think they should matter if it's a mean love book or a @ CAPS2 @ PERSON2 book, all that matters is that they read. War books shouldn't be censored because they should let the reader know what war really is and it's not a great place. Now in a library @ ORGANIZATION1 yes because no parent would want their eight year old daughter to read how to make drugs. I think they could maybe put some drug or alcohol stuff in there, but not going in depth, but keeping it to the bare minimum. Next, I'll talk about the movies they should have available in the library. I don't think anything above @ NUM3 at a level @ ORGANIZATION1 @ ORGANIZATION1. Except like sex education tapes and story movies, no free days in class, it must be @ NUM3. In @ ORGANIZATION1 I, it should be @ CAPS3- @ CAPS4 movies. In these classes, they really don't watch educational movies, it's just for fun movies, so there's no reason there should be anything worse than @ CAPS3- @ CAPS4. Finally, I'll tell you about magazines. In @ ORGANIZATION1 @ ORGANIZATION1 I don't think magazines are a big deal. As long as there isn't @ CAPS7 and stuff like that. Coming from @ ORGANIZATION1 I think they should be, kids this age shouldn't read @ ORGANIZATION2. They just need to learn and read fun magazines. Should we censor libraries? No at @ ORGANIZATION1 @ ORGANIZATION1 level and yes at @ ORGANIZATION1 level. @ ORGANIZATION1 @ ORGANIZATION1 leaving the book shouldn't @ ORGANIZATION1 they should, should in both movies @ ORGANIZATION1 and magazines should not be in @ ORGANIZATION1 @ ORGANIZATION1 and should in @ ORGANIZATION1.
For starters, I think everyone should admire libraries. This is how I feel because at one point we didn't even have books, let alone libraries to get books. A library is a place that has a peaceful and calm environment. People come to the library to collect good books, surf the Internet, listen to new music and also to relax. So, to answer the question " Do I think there are certain materials that should be self-removed from the library if they are found to be offensive ?" " @ CAPS1, I believe if there is anything on the shelf that @ MONTH1 is offensive to people, it should definitely be removed. You shouldn't have to be in an environment where things offend you. If things seem to be disturbing, it will prevent individuals from coming to the library. This will cause the library to lose a lot of business due to lack of service. The library should be a place of love, peace and harmony. It should be a place where people should feel free and relieved from all stress. Seeing or hearing something very offensive will tend to confuse the library. It will also make the job of librarians much more difficult than it should be. They will have to work harder to satisfy the difficulties you seem to be having with the library. Something that would offend me in a library is some of the music they carry. Certain types of music shouldn't be found in a library. An example of offensive music is the music “ @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 ”, which means music with all different types of curse words. Music that degrades women in a very disrespectful way. Also the music that makes it feel like it's cool to be violent. It will be offensive to many men and women. Think about it who wants to listen to music that makes women feel like they are worthless and who wants to listen to music that is always about murders, fights and gangs etc. People would like to hear more calming and relaxing music. Music that makes you happy, whatever your mood. The library just has to choose its music wisely so that everyone can be well satisfied. In conclusion, as stated, the library is a great place to relax and unwind. It should never appear as a place with offensive stuff, so it should be deleted. It would reduce the confusion less and more people would continue to patronize the library because they know how beautiful it really is.
Some people might think it's a good idea to censor things on the library. People might think that some of the material might be offensive or harmful to the young people of people who use libraries. I have a different opinion on the subject. I think nothing should be censored in the library, be it books, movies, music, magazines, etc. The real question is, why should this material be censored and removed. The answer to this question is that it should not be detected and removed. The library is a place you can go to get information on just about anything you want. If these items are censored or taken off the shelves, resources will be limited and / or no help for those seeking the information. Another big problem with censoring or removing these documents is that people can miss out on a lot of knowledge they have never heard of that could be bad or offensive. Like slavery, @ CAPS1 taking control of @ CAPS2, and much of our global history. I am very sensitive to the fact that people know about the past of the worlds. Now what if the items are removed from library shelves. what are you going to do with the thousands of books that you can no longer read because it is offensive. We can't get rid of it like that. A lot of offensive things are true or based on a true story such as @ ORGANIZATION1 park getting arrested for refusing to give up a seat to a white person. so removing those books would be pointless because wherever you put them people will just go there to get the material they want to know. The most important thing about this is who wants these books censored or deleted and why they want them deleted. Okay, some books are bad and offensive, but you have to look at it that way. People have their own choice of what to read, watch or listen to. So just because some people don't like material in a library doesn't mean that not everyone likes it. It is the choice of the people, not an opinion of what a few people say. So, in the end, I think books and other items in a library shouldn't be censored or taken off the shelves. I believe people have the right to read, listen or watch whatever they want. I see it as people fighting against opinions about removing books. Also, if people don't like the book in the library, no one has told them they have to go, which means their opinion doesn't really matter.
Okay, for me people are very moral in the modern world, I've been taught that if you have a problem, keep it to yourself. Most people know that censorship is a big deal, but it doesn't have to be. I know things are a bit risky, but getting this faster would be a better solution. You are probably wondering how can this be a "better solution"? Let's talk about kids and this content, if you get it out faster and more subtly, kids won't see the need to find out what it is at a later age. If this were to happen, the consequences could be fatal, such as; fines, misdemeanors, respect, reputation and even some prison terms. Talk to kids about murder, drugs, sex and crime in general, they are twice as malleable as when they were older. Taking them off our shelves will only make us a nicer community, yes I know what you are thinking, why not do that ? If more people in your community are nicer, when a real threat arises, who will help? The @ CAPS1 ? who knows, it takes a little while for a patrol car to move, even longer if you are in a city. At that time, someone could have died, been robbed and that same criminal disappeared. So if we leave that on the shelves and so forth, people will know that using them to help people can be beneficial. Anyway what I'm trying to say is if you take that away from us people will get weaker, if you let it stay people will learn from it and use it for good.
Have you ever watched or seen a book or even a movie that you don't think kids should read or watch ? I have heard of many books. There is even music that only adults should listen to. There are parents who are struck by what their children watch, hear, read or sing. I know for a fact that my parents wouldn't want me to let my kids read, watch, or hear that sort of thing. When you think of music, books or movies that should be out of the reach of children, what should they be ? I think movies, books and even music that has foul language, violence and bullying should be kept from children. Bad language is not appropriate for children to hear when they are under ten or even older. When you hear a bad song playing when you have small children near you, you need to change the station to a different station. If little children hear this kind of language, they can say it well when they are young. Another book, song, or music that should be taken off the shelves should be the one that contains violence. If children watch, hear, or read articles about violence, they are more likely to start being violent when they start hearing or reading about it. When walking around you shouldn't be afraid to walk alone without getting attacked. If you see someone reading or watching something that you don't think is good for them, you should tell them not to read or watch it. Violence is bad for little children when they are young. Books, movies or music about harassment should be removed. Bullying is not the answer to everything, although many believe it is not. If you think it is good for little kids to learn about bullying, you are wrong ! It's a bad thing for little children. Bullying also gets you into trouble when you get caught in the act of bullying. Have you ever thought of a book that should be taken off the shelf? The books that I think should be taken off the shelves would be those that contain bad language, violence and intimidation. Children should not hear or read foul language. They shouldn't be monitoring violence either. Finally, they shouldn't read anything about bullying
Some books in libraries offend others. So should we delete them? This is the point I will make today. Keeping people under control is a top priority for the public. So why do they keep releasing and publishing books if it offends certain groups? Graphic and bloody books are usually books that put people off, but should all contain a warning symbol for people with fragile stomachs and those who just can't take it. So by this means, it's fine with me. People have to accept that the world is not all sun and rainbows and that horrible things exist. This is my take on the whole situation. So folks, if you can't stand the heat, stay out of the kitchen. However, material offensive to races, religions, and other personal acquisitions, is something of different concerns. It can certainly ignite groups, and even start to protest or boycott. In some cases, authors need to review their material and ensure that this will not cause any disruption. Igniting audiences isn't what you want from young writers. This can not only annoy the public, but can also lead to the author's dismissal. A false statement or inaccurate statements in the books can lead to public curiosity and even conspiracy. Not only will this cause a stir in the press, but just like the issue of race / religion, it can lead to the author's dismissal. This is not what the author wants. So making sure the work is real and not hipotheticle is a good step. These are great steps in reaching a positive step towards influencing audiences. So inconclusion, the authors have a lot on their hands. Since issues of race, religion, lying statements, etc. These are some of the things the authors want to avoid. Getting the public to recommend the book, and having a positive impact on the press is the best an author can ask for.
In libraries, there should be no censorship of documents as it is an individual's decision to read what they prefer. There is no proper standard on what makes a book offensive to a group, so it should be left open as to what makes a book offensive. In a public library, many children, for whom books are censored, are with their parents. Parents should make an independent choice about what they can allow their children to read. Letting society ban a book just for using the wrong materials is ridiculous. If an author has spent time creating a story, it should be appreciated and shouldn't be put on a no-no list. If a person doesn't like the reputation of a book, they just have to not read it. Even in school systems, librarians are there to guide children to read good books. If a child wants to read an inappropriate book, the librarian will most likely discourage them from not reading it. In my experience, I wanted to read a book that my mom suggested to me, but on my way to the school library, it turned out to be a censored book. Some parents think kids should ignore offensive things written in books, but frankly, many of the same ideas are exploited in them every day on TV and the internet. So trying to protect your child from the wrong things @ MONTH1 is good, but the efforts are usually unsuccessful. It also does not occur to people who censor books that some people cannot afford the books they want to read. Libraries, for some, are the primary means of obtaining books. In conclusion, there is very little reason to ban a book from the shelves. Many prohibited books contain important lessons which can be obtained by reading them. If a person doesn't like a book, the easiest thing to do is not take it.
Honestly, there are a lot of books and magagives out there that just need to stand out. I remember in sixth grade going to the school library and picking up a book that not only told me what weed was, but also how to grow it! Plus, many books refer to drugs and sex these days and absolutely hate it ! The last book I looked at, even though it's been a while since I've read one, had enough references to sex that I could honestly say I thought I read a porn magazine. Our schools really need to watch what they put on themselves. I mean, come on, sixth graders shouldn't even know what weed is ! Not to mention reading about it at school! Maybe that's why kids get interested in drugs and alcohol at such a young age. The book I read had no negative comments about weed. What makes you think a book like this would stop kids from using drugs? As I said before, a lot of books in schools and public libraries have books that have a lot of reference to drugs and sex. They now have books in our library that tell you what the drugs are, what kind of effect they will give you. And where you can buy crap to make them ! Ok i know i'm in high school but you should have a book that looks like pro magazines. The book I read contains photos of positions! he broke everything down in detail! He even gave websites on the back of the book. And that my friends are not doing well. It's just sad. It's just starting to scare me about the kinds of things my little brother and sister might read. Doesn't that scare you? I know I don't want my siblings to read about drugs and sex in detail. Let them read about it at all. it is sufficient to remove the books from schools and public libraries. Hardly anyone will read them anyway. And if they do it by accident like my meetings where
I think removing offensive books from a library shouldn't be allowed, firstly because people have different tastes about the books they read. I also think that the books that the library offers are educational, they can be offensive to people but sometimes they are good for learning new things about the world around us. Another thing is that a lot of books, movies, music, and magazines can be offensive to you, but if you don't want your child to read them, just keep them away from these types of books in the library and people. who do it. want to watch this stuff can. So I think it just depends on the kinds of things people like, everyone likes something different. One of the reasons I think libraries shouldn't be censored is that some people have different tastes in the books they read. Some people like scary books, others like novels, so not everyone likes the same thing. Anyone can be offended by something, but people shouldn't let it bother them. My second reason is that the books they carry to the library are generally educational. They have learning books for little kids to help them learn to read, they have magazines for people who are interested in drama in the world, then we have war books for people who are interested. to the story, so I don't think people should really be offended by the books people read. Another reason is if you don't want your kid to look at the books or ect. It might sound offensive to you, so don't let them read it, everyone likes different things, and if you take away things that other people like, you offend them too. That's why people who like to go to the library shouldn't take things so offensive, so we don't have to censor things in the library. That's why I think libraries shouldn't be censored at all because people have different tastes in the books they read, the books that libraries offer are usually educational, and if you don't want that your child looks at these kinds of books so don't let them read them. People need to understand that some books don't always try to offend people, but those that do just try to state their own option.
A @ CAPS1 it @ MONTH1 @ CAPS2: @ CAPS3 I walk into a library, I want to be able to think that I am in a peaceful place where I can find books which are useful for what I need and which are not harmful for no one. Everywhere I go I want to feel free and I shouldn't have to worry about things that might hurt others or myself. People are people and everyone should be treated the same. It doesn't matter what your skin color, how you look, or how you speak. Everyone should be treated equally. I believe if there is anything offensive about a movie, magazine, books, or anything to any type of person, it should be deleted for good. It doesn't matter what the past looked like. The present is all that matters and in my opinion everyone deserves the same. I believe that no one in this world should be ashamed of who they are. If someone is @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5 they should be proud of that and shouldn't be afraid of negative things that might hurt their feelings. I think most people would agree @ CAPS3 I'm saying everyone in this world should be treated the same. Negative things in books or magazines or elsewhere should be removed for good. We don't need things like that in our world. This is what drives people to go crazy and get into gangs or into drugs. Our world should not be made up of bad things that will hurt the lives of others. Anything that is negative for a person or a group of people should not be allowed and should be thrown out. Bad people don't deserve what people received in the past. The past has nothing to do with what is happening in the present. Right now people should be proud of who they are and not be afraid of that sort of thing. I treat people the way I want to be treated and everyone should. Harmful things must be removed from everything. We don't need things like that in our world. People should be able to live free and feel proud of who they are. In conclusion, I believe that some materials should be removed if they are found to be offensive. Everyone is who they are and this should not affect others and the way they live. People should feel proud to be here and not be afraid of things that could impact their lives forever. Harmful things are not good in this world and should not impact others. Everyone deserves the best and should be treated with care, not with hate.
Comics, novels, adventure books, and mystery books are just the few different types of books, along with magazines and the music we listen to. With a little bit of everything, and whatever your passion, we have the right in our local libraries to go see or hear what we like, but some of the people who go are not adults. Some of them are young children who are reading a book on their own or are just with their parent / guardian. I believe that even though there are books and music magazines that are not frequented by children, they still should not be deleted just because they are deemed offensive. Everyone at least once in their life must have gone through something unpleasant. But knowing our world today, we just can't hide from these things, yet dealing with them, we adults are old enough to move away from something that we find offensive, unlike what our children or other children can do. Sometimes even children have to go there too. It is part of the growth and also a learning experience for all of us. If you already know which parts of the library have things that children shouldn't see, don't take your child to this area. And if possible, get them somewhere where they @ MONTH1 sit and read their favorite books with you next to where you can watch every move. And at the same time, you don't have to risk explaining something that you're not quite ready or sure your child is ready to hear or see. Since it's impossible to hide things from your kids that you don't want them to see and hear at the same time, it's part of life. Even though they're still very young and asking what a certain thing is, we can just turn their heads and get them distracted by something else and pretend we haven't heard what they said. But as your kids get older, they need to know what's right and wrong, and what they @ MONTH1 read and what they can't. Some of us are oblivious to the world around us and @ MONTH1 is unaware that some things can cause more harm than good, even like taking your kids to the library. If you don't like a certain thing there or if you know that there is going to be something that you just don't want your child to see or hear, then don't bother taking it with you. of your next visit and go another time when your child is with a babysitter or attempt to bring her with you and expect the unexpected when it comes to offensive items in the library
For starters, if any library materials like books, music, movies, or magazines are found to be offensive, I think they should always stay on the shelves. This @ MONTH1 book or music is offensive, but everyone is entitled to their own opinion. People have the freedom to read, listen or watch whatever is convenient for them. I think it should be up to the individual to choose what to do with what @ MOIS1 offends others. From my own experience, I also read a book on @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 in the stages of our history where they were balms and were hanged for their punishment. It @ MONTH1 offends some that their local library has a book on such a terrible subject, but it turns out that it's part of the story and others @ MONTH1 find it interesting to go back and find out more. It doesn't necessarily mean they're racist or trying to offend you, they just would like to know more about our history. Everyone has had things that offend them, but libraries cannot make everyone happy. If you choose to pick a book, watch a movie or listen to music that @ MONTH1 offends someone, then it should not be deleted, if you want to read, watch or listen to anything @ MONTH1 offends someone. 'a, then it should be up to you to decide what to do about it. Therefore, I conclude that if any books, music, movies, or magazines are found to be offensive, they should remain on the shelves. Everyone @ MONTH1 has their own opinion or their own ideals that offend them, but it's our job to let these people choose their taste from whatever is open in our local libraries. It is for their own benefit, not yours. It is up to you to decide whether the situation arises or not. Libraries should not be held responsible and should remove anything open to people who @ MONTH1 is simply part of our history
Censorship is used in the media to prevent people from being offended by what they see or hear. While censorship is usually not a bad thing, it is sometimes overused. Not everyone has the same views and morals, which @ MONTH1 might be considered appropriate for some people, @ MONTH1 might be viewed differently by other cultures or religions. In my opinion, if you find something offensive, instead of demanding that it be removed or censored, don't watch it, don't read it, etc. Obviously, if the content was published in the first place, it attracts a certain audience. No one is forcing people to read or watch things, which is why there is something called viewer disgression. If anything that was considered offensive to a certain individual or group was censored, there would be no @ LOCATION1. In @ LOCATION1, we have freedom of speech, the freedom to write or animate to express any belief we choose. To censor things is contrary to this amendment. For example the censorship of using the word '@ CAPS1' in vain on television. I myself find this excessive because it does not apply to my beliefs. Although the program 'The @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 Of @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5 @ CAPS6' depicts people of my age and nationality who get pregnant and take drugs. Even though I find it offensive and stereotypical, instead of demanding that it be deleted, I just don't watch it. I'm not saying I'm totally against censorship of certain things, like nudity on TV. Even if something is censored simply because of a belief, morality, or worry that its children are subjected to it, it exaggerates the censorship. If you find anything offensive, stay away from it and your children.
Censorship in libraries is not necessary. No reading material should be removed from the shelves. Each book has a different experience that can help a child learn. If the custody of a child believes that a certain book is bad or offensive; then the gurdian can forbid the child to read it. If people started removing options on reading material, some kids @ MONTH1 would refuse to read at all. Each person is different and likes having the opportunity to choose a book that they can access. Censorship of books in a library is unnecessary, you take away options and the experience of learning from certain books. Each book has a different plot and a different moral. Each story in its own way teaches the reader a moral. When you start removing books from libraries, you are taking away the opportunity for a student to learn some moral from that book. You are sort of trying to hide the reality by removing certain pounds. No book should ever be taken from library shelves. Every book taken off the shelves is another taken away learning experience. If there is a book that a child's gurdian disapproves of; it is up to them to forbid their child not to read it. A book is simply a way to learn and explore different things in life. Censorship in the library can only keep children away from books for so long. Every child deserves the chance to read any book they want, unless a gurdian forbids it. Whether a book is offensive or bad is not for libraries. It's only based on the opinion of the readers, and everyone's opinion is different. So, again, if a gurdian really wants their kid to stay away from certain reading material, he can forbid his kid himself. When libraries start censoring books, they take away the ability to choose books. When you limit the themes of the books in your library, some children @ MONTH1 pick up fewer and fewer books over time. Everyone likes a different type of book, leaving the options open gives everyone the chance to find a book they like. Although some @ MONTH1 stories seem like a bad option, it is only when the reader has started to read that they can understand it. Leaving the options open to students is the best idea, as more kids @ MONTH1 actually read. Overall, libraries should not censor books or any other type of reading material. Everyone is different, even when it comes to reading a book. People like their options to be open and varied. Each book tells a different story and teaches a different moral. So leave the options open to the children and let them learn from the stories they choose. Some books help to teach a moral or to get an idea. Some books also help prepare a person for the outside world. Withdrawing certain reading materials is to deprive a child of the chance to learn what is really going on around him. In conclusion censorship is a bad idea and should be left to a child's gurdian.
Should certain books be banned or should certain books not be banned? In my opinion, no, I don't think a book should be banned from a public library. Authors of books have free speech, so yes some @ MONTH1 books offend people, but if it offends them they should try to stay away from those books or magazines. I think if some books are banned from the bookstore you won't be able to buy them in stores anymore because stores will ban them as well. In my personal opinion no, I don't think a book should be banned from the public library. The reason is that you cannot judge a book by its cover. You don't know if the book is going to offend you until you read it. After you have read it or if you are reading it and it offends you, you should take it back to the library and get a new one. Should certain books be banned or should certain books not be banned? In my personal opinion no, I don't think books should be banned from the public library. Because a lot of the books that offend people are the ones that teach us history.
IN MY OPINION, I THINK SOME BOOKS SHOULD LIKELY BE DELETED FROM THE SHELVES IF SOME BOOKS ARE FOUND OFFENSIVE. SOME OF THE MOVIES AND BOOKS THAT PEOPLE FIND OFFENSIVE CAN BE ENOUGH BAD AND SAY WICKED THINGS AND THINGS LIKE THAT. SOME MUSIC CAN BE ENOUGH OFFENSIVE BECAUSE SHE CAN SAY BAD THINGS AND THINGS LIKE THAT BUT NOT ALL MUSIC IS BAD .. IT DEPENDS ON THE KIND OF MUSIC YOU LIKE TO LISTEN IF SHE SAYS BAD THINGS BECAUSE IT IS BAD. MANY DIFFERENT TYPES OF MUSIC TO LISTEN TO ALSO.
I think there shouldn't be censorship in libraries. The reason I say this is because of our First Amendment which is free speech, we should be able to put anything in books, magazines, music, movies, etc. The other reason we shouldn't take them off the shelf is because we should be able to tell if the book is good enough for your age or your views, it depends on your perspective. My first reason is the First Amendment which is freedom of speech. The reason I say this is because we should be able to do it, but anything in our books that expresses our feelings in any form. Also, if we start removing things because of the censorship in the books, it will go beyond that and it will get to a point where the First Amendment ceases. In my climax, I argued that there should be no censorship in anything because of the First Amendment. I also said that the reason we should not have censorship is because it is another way of expressing oneself or of expressing one's point of view.
You know when you find a @ LOCATION1 book on the shelf and find out that the contents of the book are not a word that is an opportunity for children to read. Or when you go to copy something and notice a magazine on the table and find out that the magazine cover has an image not for the young mind. Or a movie or music that you see and the content of them shocks you and makes you sound those words. I think shocking items such as : books, music, movies, magazines, etc. are best removed from the shelves , as these words and pictures will poison the minds of children and children will learn from it. world around them things like making the child think this is how you should act and talk. Here are two examples of why they should be taken off the shelves of music and magazines. First of all, when it comes to music, children immediately act on the words they see and the words to be said. A good example is rap music: their song has swear words and trust me when I tell you that I constantly have to say swear words to kids in my school like n and f words and many others and see boys under- clothes, because they think they are thugs just because their pants are sagging down. It drives me crazy and makes me think about why their parents let their kids do this. In the next paragraph I will talk about magazines. Second, with magazines, some of the images they use on their covers and pages should be seen where children read. for example, when I went to my school's library copy room to copy a magazine article, I found a magazine on the table and it shows three of the cast members of @ LOCATION1 in their birthday costumes. I thought what it was doing in my school, they should have something like that in a place where the kids are in a learning environment. Why the hell did they send this to a school for screaming out loud. What do they think is bothering parents of a child about it that I would definitely be furious about it if I found out my child had something in school. In conclusion, this is why they must be removed from the shelves so that children do not see them.
Freedom of the press is a right that few countries have. America is the land of the free. For some, having so much freedom does great things. Without freedom of the press, many of the most classic modern literature would not exist and their messages would be unknown. To censor the right to write freely about one's worldview, government, or whatever, is to deprive of imagination and, in some cases, of statistics and events related to the past. Before today's technology, books were one of the only ways to acquire knowledge, and the process of making and publishing a book took so long that it was an honor to receive the one of the rare copies produced. People are thirsty for information, they love to learn and progress. If all the books deemed “offensive” were removed from the shelves, the information would slowly be removed and the pleasure of reading would disappear. In the brilliant novel @ CAPS1 @ NUM1 a man who lives in a Distopian society discovers the lack of literature. All the books found in the houses were immediately taken out and burned in the streets for everyone to see. The kids found it funny and the adults didn't do anything. The man goes through the novel with a secret reserve of books of his own. Once discovered, he is on the run to protect his precious knowledge which the government tries to hide from the public. Censorship would only create chaos and destruction as in the novel. Having the right to know the history of your country or what is going on in your current government is essential in schools and colleges. Parents are often offended by authors schools choose to have students read, claiming that their ideas and ways of thinking are too stubborn and wrong. Students need books to grow and learn, and if each person chose a book to permanently remove from the shelves, there would be no more books. Eventually, all information would come from what we knew before the books were banned and gone for good. Books are a story in themselves, no one wants to hear the raw truth about certain topics such as slavery or the possibility of full government. In order to avoid hearing about it, one could simply choose a more fictional novel in which to escape into a fantasy of their own. No one can change the story, however they can exaggerate certain events and without the book or the quote it is from, one could completely change the view and thoughts of the public about the past. If someone is offended by a certain book, they have their own freedom to write or report a negative blog. Writing is a gift that few have naturally and being able to show your talent is a privilege. Books help people escape the difficult world we live in or help them gain more knowledge. Censorship is irreverent, because having all forms of music, movies and magazines stripped of the truth, what does that leave? People always tell the truth or tell a "white lie", but most of the information is factual. The freedom to write and make books, music, and movies isn't just about entertaining people. The messages behind said "offensive" material could be quite strong and although the author is long gone, his message could last for decades.
Entertainment for children and adults includes movies, music, sports, video games, and reading. Books, music, movies and magazines should not be removed from any shelf at any time. Libraries censor certain content because of violence or inappropriate content. Children should have the right to read, listen or watch whatever they want because it is their life. Books, magazines, music and movies can teach young people about life, and writers, artists, directors and actors have worked extremely hard to keep people entertained. Documents deemed “ offensive ” should not be deleted. These documents may be of use to others. Reading materials can help a young person in life. If the reader is having problems and needs help, the book they are reading @ MONTH1 may help them in the process of thinking about what to do. Books, movies, and music were made by extremely hard workers, so why take away their hard work by removing their material just because a few people found it offensive. One of the many times I went to the library, I was looking for a book that I had read before but couldn't find it. I couldn't find it because someone else found it inappropriate and requested that the book be removed from the shelf. It hurt me because this book was one of my favorite books to read. Certain books deemed " offensive " or " inappropriate " and taken off the shelves might be another person's favorite book to read. Why take it off the shelf? People are too egotistical. They care about themselves and that's it. Material removed from shelves should be returned to the shelves for readers who find the material entertaining. If a parent doesn't want their child to read a certain book, they have the power to remove that child's book, not from the shelves. Freedom of the @ CAPS1 states that everyone has the right to write whatever they want to write. If we keep removing books, magazines, music, or movies from the shelves, we are going to get to the point where there are no more books on any shelves.
I don't believe books should be taken off the shelves for anything offensive. Libraries are a very important part of life for most people these days. Mainly because where I live our town is working on a new plan to close the library nearby. For me and my friends the library is very important because we don't have a computer in our house. The library has Internet and older books with information about the city. Living in the society we have now, not all households can afford a computer with the Internet. I myself live in one of these households. The library is a very quiet place to do your work. It also provides the Internet that people cannot afford and need for everyday life. Each job application or school assignment is no longer on paper, but online. As a student of @ NUM1, we have to do a lot of projects that require old books on the city and history. If they remove some books from the shelf, @ MONTH1 won't be able to find the important information I need. Additionally, I know that each person has their own opinion of what is offensive to them, however if everyone finds something offensive in the book, movie, or magazine, does that mean it? should be deleted ? If that happened, there would be a very limited supply of books. I have a friend who is mixed up with Mexican and sometimes she finds slavery very offensive, but for me I think it is important for me to learn more about my history. Prove that something that might be offensive to one person @ MONTH1 is not and possibly very important to the other. In conclusion, I do not agree with removing books from the shelf due to offensive content, I think it is wrong. Each person is different and finds different things offensive, but things should not be taken away from another person who @ MONTH1 needs it
Everyone has the right to read, listen or watch what they want. Sometimes it doesn't always depend on them. For example, movies rated @ CAPS1, most children under @ NUM1 cannot watch them. Either it's a law or the parents made it a rule. I think the music is different. Some songs have a bad influence on children, be it violence or swear words, some songs like this always send the wrong message to children. Libraries should not have these kinds of books, music, movies, magazines, etc. If people want to see these kinds of things that others find “offensive” they should buy them in their spare time. Not everyone has a great sense of humor, so the things some people @ MONTH1 find funny are offended by others. Even if the libraries had something that might offend someone else, it would be the reader's choice to choose a book they want to read. Sometimes it is better @ MONTH1 if the children read these articles on their own in order to save time by preventing parents from explaining it to them later. They can ask a lot of questions that parents may not even have the answer to. For example, when my brother watched a movie rated @ CAPS1. In my brother's younger years, he was always curious and asked a lot of questions all the time. Sometimes my mom didn't know how to answer so she would change the subject. Well everyone knows the same old question “@ CAPS3 where do babies come from?”. This is the kind of question my brother was curious about. My mom never bothered to answer this question, but if she did, she would make up a story. My brother was smart enough to know that what he was being told was not at all correct. Finally, one day, he got curious and took one of my mom's movies without asking. He just so happens to have the answer to his question. He was shocked and disgusted at the same time, but he was happy to know that he had finally found the answer my mother wouldn't give. In this situation, I am a little neutral. I don't object to things that might offend other people being removed from book shelves, but on the other hand, it might not be a good thing to put 'offensive' things and some @ CAPS3 libraries children can access. Perhaps this is what makes things less boring and more interesting to the reader. Not everyone has the same opinion on things. It's just @ MONTH1 to be a good thing to have these kinds of books, whether it's stating a fact or expressing your own opinion. Everyone has the right to give their opinion and there is nothing wrong with giving informative facts in articles or movies either. The bad thing about having "offensive" things in libraries @ MONTH1 isn't a smart idea if it's @ CAPS3 most kids get books there. Parents can always have a say in what kind of books their children read or what kind of movies they watch. Some parents may not want to go through all the questions children ask and give them something that will explain it better for their understanding, while other parents may not want their children to see or know things that @ MONTH1 be 'offensive' until they are old enough to understand it better and are mature about these things. So in some cases it can be a bad idea for things that only an adult should know to be on the shelves of an @ CAPS3 library that a child might get hold of. The quote “ We can all think of a book that we hope none of our children or other children have taken off the shelves. But if I have the right to take this book off the shelf - this job that I hate - then you have the exact same right and everyone else too. And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us. by Katherine Paterson has her own opinion. The quote basically says that if even a parent doesn't want their child to read something "offensive" if that parent is reading it, sometimes their children have a right to know. If the kid has taken something like this off a shelf, once he finds out, he won't ask any more questions.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, I think it is wrong to remove offensive books and the like from the library shelves just because one or two students don't like them or don't want to see others read them. Something is ok for reading and learning although they are indeed offensive it is ok for these materials to be left on the shelves, if it will be used for a good purpose like learning and not just for fun . It is important that readers are exposed to a wide range of reading materials. Not only should they be exposed to materials that are not so clean and normal, but they should be introduced to things such as foreign writing. If we took out anything that was a little offensive or wasn't completely suitable for readers, would there be many books that would grab people's attention ? In conclusion, I firmly believe that these materials should be left on the shelf. These documents are important for learning in some cases and grab the attention of readers. Keep these items on the shelves!
Censorship in libraries should be as strict as for this age group. Children from the ages @ NUM1 to @ NUM2 should be able to read books with any profanity. they must be mature enough to read a book that carries name calling and uses blasphemy without laughing or taking it offensive. Kids @ NUM3 shouldn't have books in their libraries with much of this deep language. They are young and shouldn't expect that there are people who use these words to express feelings or name calling. They should be able to hear very little or see very little, but as they get older they are supposed to be used to this. If they do not hear much, then yes, I would agree, but they should have a point of censorship in libraries in which they are located. With children under @ NUM4, they shouldn't read or see rude or bad things. scenes unless their parents allow them. We can't control what parents let their children do, but we can in schools and in public libraries
I am a citizen of @ LOCATION1 and I think the censorship on material in libraries is not good but it could be better. There should be an age limit on some books and magazines ect. in the library. Something young children shouldn't be able to read due to their maturity level. I remember taking my little sister to the public library and she picked up a book and started asking me words that she shouldn't even hear about now. On the other hand, those @ MONTH1 books will be needed. Some people need those kind of books and magazines for research articles and things like that. Now I consider myself a young adult and believe that other kids my age could read different things and know what is right and wrong. It's also up to the child's parent or guardian, if you think you don't want your child to read something that is inappropriate then go with them to the library. But some kids don't have a mature parent or guardian who would tell them what to read and what not to do, so that's when the library should do something about censorship on them. books. Well I just wanted to write this to you because like I said before the censorship on books, movies, music, magazines, etc. in the library it's fine but it could be just a little better. There should be a certain age when a child reads or sees certain things. But you can't just take out all the books and things from the library that aren't appropriate because some people actually need the books. That's why I think it would help if the library had an age limit or did certain things only for adult audiences.
If something is found to be offensive then it should definitely be taken off the shelves. When parents send or take their children to a library, they don't expect their child to be able to take something that is not appropriate. Some @ MONTH1 posts offend someone's beliefs and are rude. Public libraries are just that, public. Everything will be seen there by the public and large masses of people. No one should have to worry about being offended when they enter a place of learning and knowledge. Parents don't want their child to go to the library and pick up rude material. Even if the child does not consult the book or the magazine, that must prevent this impressionable young mind from flipping through the pages. Maybe he's reading something his parents hadn't intended to teach them for a while. Books now have a lot of plain text and humor. If there is a topic that a younger individual is not mature enough to understand, he or she @ MONTH1 has the wrong impression or ideas on the topic. If a child delves into the more mature section of the library, they may be exposed to information they are not ready for. Offensive language @ MONTH1 is present in the books and now the youngster will see them and try to use the words or phrases. If a child reads something about sex, they may be curious or confused and ask their parents about it. Parents, on the other hand, might not have wanted their child to know the subject at such a young age. At this point there would be no turning back. Parents should explain things that are too ripe for some young minds. Parents have every right to refuse certain documents to minors and children, but if the books are opened, who will censor what is watched by whom. Libraries need to give serious thought to what is on the shelves, regardless of what form the information is in. People @ MONTH1 think just because the story was in a book, that of course it can't be real. There are some reckless scenarios that are played out in the movies. These films are watched by people of all ages. If an impressionable teenager watches a movie with offensive language or violent scenes, that teenager might act on what he saw. Since the public library is indeed public, the materials it offers to people should not be offensive. All kinds of people walk into a library and look around. No one should ever walk out of a library feeling offended. No parent should have to worry about what their child might pick up. Libraries should not cause harm or damage in any way.
I think they shouldn't be deleted because someone else @ MONTH1 likes this movie, book, music or magazine. Just because we might not like it doesn't mean it's someone who likes it. Everything should be in the library because they are different people and not everyone likes the same things. The library assumes it has everything, so if we said we were taking something off the shelf because one or two more people didn't like something or what was displayed to people, that wouldn't be correct. I've been to the library and looking for a movie or book that I like or want to see and that's not where I got mad about it. So I have the impression that it is neither fair nor fair. Everyone should be entitled to what they read or enjoy watching. Even though there are certain books or movies that kids shouldn't touch, I still feel like they shouldn't be taking anything off the shelves.
Hello, my name is @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ PERSON1 and I am here to explain why I think we should have these certain materials in the libraries. Why I think these materials should stay fine because for @ CAPS3 let's say it's a certain movie or song or book or whatever you've been looking for ages and you couldn't find it in any other store and you just happened to go to the library just to look. Even if you know it's not there, but you are just looking and you end up finding what you are looking for. What if you wanted to look for a mysterious book and only the library had that book you were looking for. I can think of a lot of reasons why we need certain materials. Well I guess that sums it up for me. And in concultation put yourself in the same shoes or even mine. What would you do? would you let them remove those materials or fight to keep them.
What is your opinion on reading materials? Should people be able to read what they want or should we limit them to what they read? Each library has different choices. They may say you can't get it without an adult, or they may just let you check it out and take it home. I have read a lot of different things in my life so far. I read books that people told me were inappropriate, and then there was nothing wrong with that. Most books, even if they say one or two chosen words, turn into an adult book. I think it should be up to the reader whether or not they can handle a book. Everyone reacts to things differently. Take people in my age range, for example, some of the boys are still immature and think it's fun to play the part. They're the kind of people who can't handle what we call " adult " books of material . Most girls are at the stage where they mature, still immature, but moving up through the ranks. They would be able to handle something under the category of adult material. The reader is smart enough to know what they can and cannot handle. If we take away people's choice, what will they get? You would make them feel more like they're being babysat because they have to take their parents to the library, and say hello, mum and dad, pick me a book because I'm not eighteen and I can't choose one. I wouldn't like that. Being someone who reads a lot, I know my family is pretty busy and wouldn't be able to find the time to come up with me to pick out a book. Therefore, I wouldn't be able to read that much. I mean what do you think? Which side would you choose? It's all a personal opinion. It all depends on what you are comfortable with as a reader. Do you want to decide for yourself or have someone with you every step of the way. Some people are just too busy to even try to fit it into their schedule to go to the library. Others just want the freedom to read what they want to read. Why stop someone from getting smarter? A child will only learn more by challenging himself. Why not let them challenge themselves in a good book, which they must choose. What do you think
I believe that libraries should not be censored because people take offense at something. Anyone should be able to read, search, or watch whatever they want in a library. I say this because everyone takes offense at something. If people can't find what they're looking for then why go to the library, everyone likes different things too. I will support them in the following paragraphs. Have you ever read or seen something that you or others offended? normally, when someone takes offense at something, they try to get rid of the thing that offends them. If people took things that shocked them from libraries, what would be left on the shelves ? dust? Because there is a lot of shocking people, everyone is different. This is one of the reasons why I support the no to censorship because there would be nothing left. Plus, everyone tends to like a lot of different things. I love @ MONTH1 something you might hate, shouldn't it be out loud in a library because you don't like it ? No, because something you like might be taken away by someone else. So if everyone tried to remove the thing they don't like, that would be another thing where there was nothing left. I think if we combined the things of everyone they hate, that would probably be it. These two topics bring me to my last reason, if people can't find what they want. Because we took it away, why come to a library? People would stay at home reading what they like on the Internet, and libraries would empty like their shelves. Then it was a waste of money to build the building, buy the books for the people, and hire the librarians. It is wasted tax that we could have used for something better. After reading all of my reasons and opinions, I hope you will agree with not having censorship in libraries. because everyone is offended by something, everyone likes different things, and no one would use a library if they weren't there. some people @ MONTH1 disagree with me because they are one of those people who are offended or dislike something. But say no to censorship, let our libraries do what they're there for, let people read, search, and watch what they want.
Censorship is one of @ LOCATION1's most broken laws. It is illegal to censor any publication such as books, magazines, music, or movies. Censorship most often occurs with books in a school setting. Censorship should no longer be tolerated because it affects writers, the school system and especially readers. In @ ORGANIZATION1, everyone has the right to express their feelings and opinions on any topic they want. School systems take away this right by not allowing them to have a certain book in a school. Schools should be a place for all books or a place for no books at all. The faculty of a school does not have the right to decide which books are allowed in their school based on their own ideals. It is not fair for the writer to be criticized, and that writer should have the right to have his book read in any context. The next group affected by censorship within a school system is the school system itself. If a school is allowed to take one right away from a group of people without punishment, then it could start taking away other rights. In general, school systems and teachers are powerful leaders in a school's student body. They make rules just to show their power over students and take away many of their rights. If schools are allowed to continue censoring books, it could lead to a downward spiral of censorship. As Katherine Paterson once said, “ We can all think of a book that we hope none of our children ... take off the shelves. But if I have the right to take away the book that I abhor ... then you have exactly the same right ... And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us. ' The government of @ ORGANIZATION1 must crack down on school censorship because it is unconstitutional. The last major group of people who censor within a school system are potential readers and students. To censor a book is to take that person's ability to learn and understand a certain subject that has been censored. Students in a school should have the right to read whatever they want to read regardless of the beliefs and ideals of the school. In conclusion, censorship in any setting, but especially in schools, should no longer be tolerated as it affects writers, school systems and potential readers. Schools are taking constitutional rights away from all potential readers. The government of @ ORGANIZATION1 must crack down on the illegal practices that occur in schools, across the country, every day
What is this world coming to? We have lowered ourselves to the level of installing offensive material in libraries where anyone can consult it. Being a girl and a teenager myself, I have personally had the experience of reading some of these offensive books and magazines. The sex, drugs and violence used to create a story have destroyed the minds of our young people. I strongly believe that this disturbing and destructive material should be removed from library shelves. I don't wonder if children and adolescents should read, but rather what they read. I agree that reading helps our kids learn and excel in school, but shocking books and magazines give them nasty ideas and twist the way they think. The more our younger generation reads about these ugly things, the more curious they become. I have the impression that they will eventually let curiosity get the better of them. Many would say that living out activities like sex and drugs is part of growing up, but I don't agree. Trying any of these harmful activities described in some library materials could put you and your health at serious risk. It only takes once to get pregnant or become addicted to drugs. To better prove my point, think about your favorite book. Did you admire any of the main characters? Did you want to be like him? Well, it seems to me that this malicious material makes the main character and the hero of the story a bad role model. They @ MOIS1 save the world and are a hero by day, but the writers and producers make sure to make their nightlife a part of the story as well. This tells our children that it is okay to do these things, when it is exactly the opposite. I stand by my opinion and believe that offensive books, magazines, and films should be removed from library shelves. This material plants a bad seed in the minds of our youth. This leads them to believe that everyone, including their heroes in books and movies, does these things. Sex, violence and drugs ain't what this world was made for
People think that pictures or graphic words will change a young child's outlook on many subjects. But really, kids won't remember half of what they read or see, does that really matter ? Well, some people say it does, which I can figure out, but I'll have to pick the side that doesn't matter. Because it's not like there isn't bad language or sex so I say there shouldn't be any restrictions on books, music, movies, magazines, shows television, etc. The point is, people or parents take offense or complain because little @ PERSON1 said a bad word in front of them. Or because certain elements of the show or magazines are too offensive to people with disabilities, races, etc. When it really is all humor, none of it is the network or the serious writers. Authors' works should not be avoided but should be read and for people to learn from this book or just have a good time reading it. Through it all you should know by now that I don't think books should be taken off the shelves just because parents of little children are ashamed of what children read. Casue, as I said before, eventually he will find out about this stuff. So no need to get upset about that. And if we got rid of all the more mature books, what kind of books should we, the kids and the more mature people, be reading. Casue, I'm pretty sure I don't want to read an article about a magical, friendly dragon coming home.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2's name is @ PERSON1. I'm a student here at @ LOCATION1, and @ CAPS2 has drawn attention to the fact that @ ORGANIZATION1 is considering removing books from the library that they find offensive. I think this is wrong. If everyone at @ LOCATION1 took the books we found offensive from the shelves and threw them away, we wouldn't have any more books to read. I also believe that no one should have the right to decide which books are too offensive for me to read. I'm sixteen and responsible enough to make my own decisions @ CAPS2 about what is too offensive for me to read. If I think I should read books that others @ MONTH1 find offensive, why does this concern you ? Just because I want to read the book doesn't mean you have to. Also, I think having books that might be a little offensive makes this book more interesting. If you remove every offensive word from a book, chances are it will be difficult to read. If you take all the offensive books from the library, kids will be even more discouraged from reading, and I know that's not what @ LOCATION1 is trying to do. If you think books are so offensive, try walking the halls. it is an @ ORGANIZATION1. Kids swear all the time and talk about dirtier things than in any book I've ever read. If you are looking to make children more innocent, then taking all of our books out of the library is not the way to go.
Every author has a target audience when they write a book, and they write about what they think is appropriate for that particular audience. Unfortunately, sometimes other people who don't intend to read the book read it even though @ MONTH1 isn't something they're supposed to read. When an author writes a children's book, it is intended for a child to read, not an adult. Additionally, when an author writes a romance novel, it is for people who can understand what the author is talking about and can act maturely while reading it. Although some @ MONTH1 novels are not suitable for some people, censorship in libraries is not a way to solve this problem, and that is a big mistake. As human beings, we have certain freedoms, and one of those freedoms is freedom of the press. Authors should be able to write about anything they choose to write. If they choose to write on topics that are not suitable for all age groups, they still have the right to have their books in libraries. While not everyone is supposed to read them, some people are. If you take away those books because you're afraid a child might have one, then you take away what some people like to read. Due to the fact that different books are intended for different age groups, libraries have different sections filled with a variety of authors. They have a kids' section designed primarily for kids, an adult section with books that only adults are supposed to read, and a teen section for everyone in between. By having sections within them, libraries try to keep people reading what they were supposed to read without censoring or removing people's favorite books. Having sections in libraries is a happy medium between letting anyone read any book they want, no matter how inappropriate @ MONTH1, and cutting some books all together. If a person is an adult, they should be allowed to go to the library and get whatever kind of book, magazine, music, or movie they want. If a child's parent is okay with checking or watching certain things, it shouldn't matter to someone else if they think the content is offensive. Instead of censoring movies, books, magazines, or library music, there should be a certain age at which someone can walk in without a parent and check out what they want. If a person is under that age, their parents should be present when they leave so they can approve what their child is checking out. Censorship in libraries is ultimately unnecessary and should not even be considered. Whether or not some people find certain materials offensive, there are other ways to get these materials, so there is no need to censor anything in libraries.
I believe that all offensive material should be removed from libraries so that anyone can read a book, listen to music and watch movies without being offended. They should have their own section for this kind of material. Films that are bad should be taken off the shelves. They should have a section just for those movies. The section should be locked so that children cannot get these movies. I think it would be fair to everyone. Music that is bad should be taken off the shelves. They should have a section just for that kind of music. The section must be locked so that children cannot listen to this kind of music. I think it would be fair to everyone. Magazines that are bad should be taken off the shelves. These magazines should have a section just for these magazines. They should be locked up. I think it would be fair to everyone. Books that are bad should be taken off the shelves. They should have a section just for these books. these books must be locked away so that children cannot obtain them. I think it would be fair to everyone. This is what I think should be done with this offensive material. If that was done, everyone would have a book to read, a magazine to watch, music to listen to, and a movie to watch.
Imagine this: you come home a day after work and even before entering the house you hear music from your child's room. As you get closer you start to hear the lyrics accompanying the slamming bass and realize that this is not just any music, it is completely unseen and explicit versions of vulgar songs. . Now, who would want their child to listen to songs that make drinking, drugs, and other risky activities seem okay ? I know I definitely wouldn't. Music is not the only source of offensive material in today's society. It can be found almost anywhere. In books, magazines, @ CAPS1 shows, movies, on @ CAPS2, you name it. All of these are readily available to children of all ages. That is why there should be censorship of certain documents, to a certain extent. By this I mean that if there is a dirty book in a public library, it should only be available for rent by people of a certain age. It is not because it is bad that it has to disappear completely from the face of the world. There should just be a limitation on who can see it. This applies to anything that might contain offensive material. Children are children. There are some things that should be absolutely forbidden for them - like explicit movies, books, music, etc. - because they don't need to know drugs, sex or alcohol at such a young age. Censorship should certainly be in effect in places like public libraries where young children inevitably are. But, as mentioned earlier, the censorship should only be to a certain extent. Keeping the minds of children as long as possible would be a very positive thing to do for them and for our society in general.
" And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us." " @ CAPS1 is such a strong statement of Katherine Paterson regarding censorship in libraries. Today we so often hear about books, magazines and many other resources in libraries banned due to unpopular views. A classic novel, The @ CAPS2 from @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4, has been pulled from the shelves of many public and school libraries due to foul language such as the word "nigger." Libraries should not remove resources from their shelves because of their offensive nature, as this defeats the purpose of the library and because many people have different views. A library is a place with resources provided for information, interest and enlightenment. When a book or magazine is taken down because of its origin, background, or views that seem obscene or unpopular, then that library is not serving its purpose. If I wanted to find a book on @ CAPS5 but the library banned it because another religion found its teachings offensive, then why not ban books from the other religion as well? @ CAPS1 reflects on what was said earlier by Katherine Paterson. What may be offensive to one person may be a lifestyle or an interest in another. However, children should be treated as a special case. No, in my opinion, a kid probably shouldn't read things about adults like sex. However, the parent or guardian of this child is the only one with the right to restrict the resources that he deems inappropriate. In most public libraries, young children are not allowed to browse the library without an adult. @ CAPS1 is a very important rule because it sets limits for the adolescent so that he does not read or listen to what he should not read. In addition, it is desirable that libraries divide the different resources into separate sections for children, young adults, and adults. Banning books and the like from libraries takes part of the story and leaves a void for the future. Finding out that what our parents once read was restricted shouldn't be a problem. Materials should not be censored in libraries as they are deemed offensive because @ CAPS1 is censorship and takes away our rights.
I don't think we shouldn't remove books, music, movies, and magazines because we think they are offensive to us. If you think something is offensive don't understand it, I know I wouldn't get something that I think is offensive. Their batch of books in the world that I don't like. One of them is @ CAPS1 Books, I hate them with all my heart. The next type of books that I find offensive is @ CAPS2 Books because there are a lot of stories we don't read. So I think it's a waste of paper. The last type of books that I find offensive is @ CAPS3 books because they are hard to read in @ CAPS3. There is a lot of music that I don't like. One of them is @ CAPS5. I don't know why I don't like @ CAPS5 but I do. The next type @ CAPS6- @ CAPS7. Today's singer @ CAPS6- @ CAPS7 I think it's not good. The last type of music is a part of rap today. I think some raps today use a lot of swear words. There are a lot of movies that I don't like. The first is @ CAPS10 @ CAPS11. I did not understand the hole in this film. The next @ CAPS12 for corn. There was no way for me to find out how @ CAPS12 was killing people above @ NUM1 in this town. The last movie I didn't like was ALL movies @ CAPS13. I didn't like them, okay? I think all of these things are offensive. But I still know people love them so I wouldn't take them away. There are things that people like but I don't like them. Their things my friend likes but dislikes. Their thing that I like and that they don't like. But I guess what I'm trying to say is that in life there will be things that you don't like. But you can't get rid of the things you don't like in the world
Our founding fathers create amendments for the people. One of the biggest is freedom of speech. Censorship of offensive material is unnecessary. @ MONTH1 books, music, movies and magazines contain bad posts or nudity, but that doesn't give anyone the right to get rid of them. The burning of books happened because of people's aversion to writing. People have the right to say what they feel through any medium. Censorship of anything makes a child more immature. Burning books is a horrible act by any person. People burned them with sex, drugs, and violence, but it destroys people's dreams, theories, and ideas. In the book @ CAPS1 @ NUM1, firefighters burned any book seen in a house. Almost all the books in the world are not factual, unless they are fiction. The firefighters in the novel destroyed all the bits of print because it was wrong and they were going against the government. It basically means all types of books. The cause of such a tragedy was that every citizen befriended his television or his video games. Without books, there would be no real entertainment. Plus, the things we read every day are what make us who we are so there, in fact, there shouldn't be fewer books but more. Libraries do not have the right to censor books. Free speech has existed almost since the beginning of this nation. Why should it change now? To prevent obscene literature from being accessible to the people is to prevent writers from expressing themselves. They @ MOIS1 have already written down their ideas, but if no one is reading their work, there is no way they will be heard. Libraries are not there to keep things from reaching the ears of little children, but to provide all the knowledge a man needs. Parents have always prevented their precious babies from watching certain shows and movies. I once knew a woman who would never allow her son to watch @ PERSON1 because of the use of witchcraft. She believed he would try to learn witchcraft. I found it pretty ridiculous when I heard about it. When a kid watches mysterious murders, fantasy shows, or dramas with pieces of nudity, it's different for them and they are curious. After watching these kinds of scenes, a parent should sit down with their child and talk about what they just saw. The child needs to know that killing is wrong and that justice is good and that magic and dragons do not exist. Nudity has always been considered a bad thing, but penises and breasts are part of the human body. Kids will be more mature about it the more they see it, but that doesn't mean the child should watch porn. Censorship has always been badly taken. People believe that if offensive material is shown, the viewer or reader will have bad thoughts about what they have learned. We shouldn't get rid of obscenity at all. We should have an understanding of the bad things in life. Burning books is a bad way to destroy the foundations of the human mind. Freedom of expression is a law and must be respected. Censorship isn't always a good thing for kids or anyone for that matter
Should books, magazines, movies and music be placed within reach of children or should they be left in plain sight ? Is @ CAPS5 right to not be able to see a movie, magazine, or even read a book because others in the area think @ CAPS5 is offensive to them ? If an adult reads a specific book or magazine and feels that @ CAPS5 is only intended for their eyes to see @ CAPS5, they should keep that article in a personal place that only they know, not someone. else. Books and magazines should not be removed from shelves if they are found to be offensive. The reason is that @ CAPS5 is not fair to others who haven't read them and would like to read them, but can't because they have been deleted for other reviews. If books and magazines weren't kid-friendly, companies wouldn't print them and put them on stalls for sale. If certain music weren't appropriate either, music producers wouldn't let artists release that song on a track. There are many chances for school projects that @ MONTH1 will need to get information, but the student who is assigned to get @ CAPS5 is not able to do so because adults think the @ website MONTH1 is inappropriate. For example, in history class, a student is assigned an assignment to do during @ DATE2 on @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 for a grade. @ DATE3 arrives and he / she does not @ CAPS5 and gets an @ CAPS4 for the homework assigned to him / her. The student explains why he could not obtain any information. He / she begins to explain himself by saying " the websites I went to have been blocked ". The books and magazines I tried to check were either thrown away or I couldn't check them. "@ CAPS5 is all because our neighbors who live in this neighborhood think the pictures and words are offensive, and since then the librarians have stopped putting them on the shelves." The teacher then says, “ Well, I'm going to sign a book for you and you can try to get as much information as possible, what do you think ? " " @ CAPS6 well @ least CAPS5 is better than having an @ CAPS4 on duty, "said the student. @ DATE1 @ TIME1 arrives, and the student has as much information as they can get from the two books, and hands @ CAPS5 to the teacher. At the end of the course, @ CAPS5 is graded and the grade on @ CAPS5 turns out to be @ CAPS8. The student is happy that he got the grade, but is still unhappy that he was not able to get the items he needed from the start. That is why movies, books, magazines or even music should not be taken off the shelves. Things like this will likely happen, and the kids will be in trouble for not handing in, which isn't even their fault. If only a few citizens have opinions about certain items and they think those items should be removed, then they should be out of sight, and they shouldn't bother thinking about it. Even though @ CAPS5 is for the safety of the children that they @ MONTH1 have in the house with them, then they shouldn't even have the books out of the little personal private place where no one knows any exceptions for that particular person.
Bad @ CAPS1 in @ DATE1's @ CAPS2 libraries are a great place to learn a lot from the history of Earth to where we will be in the future. I think something shouldn't be on the shelves of a library because some books can be found very offensive to some people. Even movies and music can be offensive to some people. I think @ DATE1's music is a big deal because the lyrics can be very offensive. Movies aren't a big deal, but they can be sometimes. There are many reasons why movies can be offensive. If they are offensive, why put them in the libraries? Well, libraries just want to make money so they don't care about offensive products. For example, a @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5 movie that is inaccurate and poorly directed may be offensive to real life veterans @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5. Veterans might then want the film to be taken off the shelves. I've seen some really good movies @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5 but I've seen some bad ones too. My grandpa was a vet and he saw a bad @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5 and got so mad he cursed @ CAPS15 and almost threw the remote at it. Then there is the problem with the music of @ DATE1. I don't think stores, including libraries, should be selling albums by the rap artists of @ DATE1, because all we're talking about is drugs, sex and girls. If you ask me, that's stupid. But when you start selling them in a library, there is something wrong with that library. Some country singers can be like that because everyone is singing is getting drunk and then having sex. I just think most of @ DATE1's music is really useless and a waste of time because when I listen to it I think it's stupid and doesn't matter. Books can sometimes be offensive, it is up to the writer alone. Books with a lot of profanity can be offensive to religious groups who are prohibited from swearing or reading profanity. Why put it on library shelves then? Well, it all comes down to the money. If people buy the books, it means that the libraries are making money and the more books people buy, the richer the libraries get. I read a book about someone killing cats and found it offensive because I love cats, I would never hurt them. I got really angry when I read it so I threw it away and took it to the library and complained to them. So overall libraries should be more careful with what they put on the shelves for people to buy. If the libraries but the wrong things on the shelves, they could end up in a lawsuit. But if they don't put offensive things on the shelves, they won't end up being sued.
I believe there are some places that have magazines, books, movies, and music that need to be taken off all shelves. Just think, if you had kids, would you want them to get their hands on a magazine with naked men or women. Yes, people tell you that they check kids in stores, but I know you see kids all the time walking away or walking away trying to do whatever they want and go to places where they want to go. shouldn't be like magazines for example. Would you like to find your little one looking at a magazine with a naked wemon in it ? It's not what kids should find in stores, it doesn't have to be. The same goes for movies, let's say you rent a movie from one of your many movie venues and it has nudity or swearing in it, do you want that around your kids ? I know I wouldn't, because kids are like monkeys, monkeys see monkeys do, and you don't want your little one walking around insulting you. I have little cousins and I have seen this happen many times where they swore against their parents, and when parents ask them where they heard, it's usually the same answer, television or cinema. So, do you really think there is a need to have all of these bad things to see for anyone, of all ages? It's not. Everything like it just needs to be taken off all the shelves and destroyed because I shouldn't have to see it and no one else either, it's rude, mean and inappropriate for children. I say read it all and do everybody a favor
Libraries contain many different selections of books, music, and magazines. However, are all of these documents appropriate for all visitors to @ CAPS1 ? In this essay, I'll explain why I think offensive, distracting, and inappropriate material should be taken off the shelves and placed in its own section of @ CAPS2 public. If a little child were to walk into a public @ CAPS1 and pick up a book on abortions, they wouldn't know what the book is about, because most little kids can't read. What if a fifth grader picks up the same book? They would be able to read the whole thing without any problem. However, should a fifth grader be allowed to pick up an abortion book at such a young age? I don't think fifth graders should read age-appropriate books. This is just one of the reasons I think offensive, distracting and inappropriate material should be moved to its own section of @ CAPS1. When I think of a @ CAPS1, I think of a quiet place where I can go and read, or study. However, some libraries allow their visitors to listen to music. Whether it's on a computer, on an ipod, or even on a cell phone, there should be a limit to the sound, right? Most people would think libraries set sound limits, and they probably do, but people don't follow directions and pay attention to what others are doing. It's @ CAPS6 fun going to a @ CAPS1, to study, and the person next to you blows up their iPod to a heavy metal rock song. Again, this is another reason why I think offensive, distracting, and inappropriate material should be moved to its own area of @ CAPS1. I also think that a @ CAPS1 is a community place, where you can go and be safe, and your parents wouldn't have to go with you because they think it's also safe and appropriate. Most libraries have magazines, because it's for your entertainment, and they want to make you happy so that you keep coming back. Well, not all magazines are rated @ CAPS10, some have inappropriate material @ CAPS6. A child should look at magazines that are appropriate for children, a teenager should look at teen magazines, and an adult should look at adult magazines. However, adult magazines shouldn't show people with barely any clothes or sex scenes, and neither should teen magazines. With the inappropriate magazines, I don't think they should have their own section of @ CAPS1, I think they should be deleted all together. They contain pictures and anyone can view a picture. I really hope you will understand my point of view. It's nothing against public libraries, it's just the material they contain. If I had a public @ CAPS1, I would have rooms dedicated to books for different age groups. For example, I would have a room for @ NUM1 + and a room for @ NUM2 +. These rooms would be reserved for books which are easily questionable for young children. I would also have my own room devoted only to music. This way, anyone could walk into the room and listen to any type of music, no questions asked. The rest of @ CAPS1 would be for people to study and read. I think every @ CAPS1 should be like this, it would help make the world a better place
Hello, my name is @ CAPS1 and I think that censorship of books, newspapers and magazines should be done but shouldn't. When I say this I mean that some adventure or romance books may have parts that need to be censored, but that's how the author made the book. It was meant to grab your attention from the first sentence of the story. I believe that sometimes magazines need to be censored for promoting bad habits for people all over @ LOCATION1 and other people around the world. Magazines in my opinion should be censored. Now some get to where there are fewer errors which is quite a good thing, but others pretty much let things slide and think it will increase sales by whatever percentage they want it to count. given what they put in the magazine. I think the books should stay on the shelf though. Some people think that the “censored” parts of the story are really what attracts attention. I've never had any experience in this field myself because I'm not the type to be a strong reader, but knowing how others are, I would suggest that we censor some things, but not all. People write books all the time about something that has happened in their life or something in their imagination. So we can't really help what people think and what some people write to get published in a book. For some readers this is a very interesting story or passage read from the back cover of the book, while others just want the book out of their neighborhood library or home. . It all really depends on the reader. If I could, there would be things I would censor, but not in the books. It was their idea to put it in the story, but there are some things that need not be said. Some readers like it, some don't. It is really their choice to read the book and if they are not interested in it, they can just put it back on the shelf and find another nearby. I just think some magazines should be censored. You constantly see swimsuit designs and " sex appeal " in magazines every day when you walk into the grocery store or library. I just don't think it's fair for little kids to see this when looking for a book @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 or a book about their favorite animal. Another reason to censor magazines would be because of certain religious opinions about what people see when they look at the magazine. People become @ CAPS4 everyday and are right with @ CAPS5, so people will take offense at some of the disturbing pictures in magazines. Myself, as @ CAPS6, I take offense at some of these magazines, promoting being perfect and having your life sucked out of you as you read each passage. Like I said, I understand that books are in what they are in, because of the imagination of the authors, but some magazines just need to be thrown on the shelves.
The way I see it, movies or books shouldn't be taken off the shelf. Because it should be your own right to take a film or not to take the film. you take the music from the radio, you can't do it. Because no matter what you do with the radio, turn it off, turn it off, or change channels with the way the world is now, there will be things on the radio anyway that you don't want. hear and there will be things you wanna hear, that's my take on movies and music Plus, if there was a way to take movies away, I probably would. offensive and shy is (shylo) about the old man hitting the dog and very aggressive stuff for someone who was raised around beetings.
We all love having the freedom to read, listen and watch what we love. How would you feel if this freedom were taken away from you? Some people believe that censored books, music, movies, and magazines should be taken out of libraries. I think you should be allowed to read, listen to, and watch whatever you choose, but kids should tell their parents first if it's censored material. We all know that not everything is acceptable for certain age groups to read, see or listen to. This does not mean that the item should be deleted completely, however. Instead, the child should talk to a parent about the censored item. The parent can decide if the child is mature enough for the article. Also, if these materials are taken out of libraries altogether, a person mature enough to read, listen to or view them will not have the opportunity to do so. I remember when I was in college I really wanted to read the @ PERSON1 novels that I saw in the library. My mother believed I shouldn't read these novels at that age. My mom and I found a compromise so that I could read @ PERSON1's novels that she approved of. She said when I was older I could read any @ PERSON1 novel I wanted. I found this compromise to be very fair. I knew when I was old enough to read these novels, they would still be there on the shelf waiting for me. We should have the right to read, listen and watch what we like, but young children or other age groups should be supervised. This does not mean, however, that we should completely remove these materials from libraries. When these children are old enough to read, watch or listen to these materials, they should be able to go to the library knowing that they will be there on the shelf waiting for them.
Do you think that certain materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should be taken off the shelves if they are found to be offensive ? No, no, I don't. It's one thing to censor a book or movie, but to completely delete it is another. I think that authors, artists, musicians and writers should have the freedom to write and say whatever they want. It doesn't matter who reads it. I feel like the censorship is bad. Authors should be able to feel free to express their thoughts and feelings on a topic or topic in any way they want. Sometimes stories cannot be explained or told the way they should be without certain words. Whether those words are good or bad, I feel like without them the book that is being read is not all it could have been. in my opinion, the censorship takes away some values or qualities that the book might have had with the original context still in it. and for me it is not fair. it is not fair to the author. and is certainly not fair to the reader reading the book. I know from my personal experiences with reading books that " yes " I have read books that contained bad language. but just because a book contains one or two swear words doesn't mean it needs to be taken off the shelf altogether. For example, the book '@ CAPS1' @ CAPS2: @ PERSON1 was an amazing book. I have probably enjoyed this book more than any other book I have read in my entire life. But this book wouldn't be as good as it was if it were censored or taken off the shelves for that matter. All I'm trying to figure out is that good books with bad language shouldn't be censored just because of some of the words in them. because it is moving away from what the general message is about. You almost take words out of context when you do this. Do I think that some documents, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should be taken off the shelf if they are found to be offensive ? No I do not. You shouldn't either
Sexual conduct, language and criminal behavior are three important things in my school and in my community. Some books, movies, music and magazines deal with these three things. If they are in our libraries, how can teachers and administration prevent us from doing so during school? I think that the censorship of certain films, magazines, and especially of music should be strongly discussed, and more strict. We don't really have a lot of films in our school library, but I know there are some in the city library. Parents and adults don't want us to grow up so fast, yet they allow sex and crass movies to be on library shelves. If this is a big deal, I think they should be removed. I strongly believe in the fact that if this happens it will happen regardless of @ CAPS1 precautions. But that said, we can still take the necessary precautions to protect it from children too young to see them, like those under @ NUM1. It's not just the movies we need to worry about. @ ORGANIZATION1 is a magazine dedicated to giving its readers advice on sex, issues related to their sex life and the occasional "@ CAPS1 to wear this @ DATE1 !" articles. I will say I read this magazine, but it does not match my interests. However, some children today pay close attention to these topics. Again, it comes down to the problem of kids growing up too fast. I have noticed in my school only, that this is a growing problem. If magazines like this weren't on the shelves so we could see them every time we walk into a library, we might not be so excited about the idea. If we weren't initiated into it so early, we wouldn't be going behind our parents' backs by trying to do it. @ ORGANIZATION1 and other similar magazines should be removed from the shelves as soon as possible. Music is a global phenomenon. Suppose a child of around @ NUM2 listens to the new song @ CAPS2 '@ PERSON1. He is introduced to foul language, sexual behavior and criminal acts in the @ NUM3 minute period it takes to listen to the full song. Seriously, it only takes that long for a kid to be featured, and it's just one song out of thousands that exist. This music is available on many computers, especially in public municipal libraries. We're not allowed to act like that in school, and if we're going to spend @ NUM4 from our childhood / teenage years here, why are we listening to it ? If you walk into a library all you need to do is sign your name, the date and time you arrived to access a computer. After that, they can't tell you to get away with it, unless you are breaking the law or looking for something that is not suitable for your age. Music does not fall into this category. It should also be removed if language, sexual conduct and messages of criminal behavior are evaluated by adults. Personally, I love magazines, movies, and music. They are my three m and I live next to them. But not the ones who are going to get me in trouble, put the wrong messages in my head, or get me (subconsciously) involved in a criminal act. I always allow my mom or dad to read books, listen to music, and watch movies with me. If they're not happy with @ CAPS1, I won't do it behind their back. Censorship in libraries must be stricter. If it were stricter, it would prevent our young children from growing too fast and the teenagers from participating in criminal acts. Censorship in libraries is an ongoing problem and it needs to be fixed.
The diversity of the world makes it quite difficult to please everyone all the time. What I find appropriate, another @ MONTH1 finds obscene and volgur. What I like to read, or listen to, or watch, or any other way of consuming media that I indulge in, @ MOIS1 insults or disturbs someone else ; in fact, it probably is. It still doesn't remove what me or others like because it offends another person. A child walks through a grocery store, doesn't get what he wants and starts dropping the f-bomb. More than half the time, they have heard this language from their parents. If it's not their parents, then the media, right? Maybe, but this medium should not be hidden for the “just in case” a child hears it. If a parent or guardian does not want their child to hear such things, they should not allow them to listen. They control what goes in and what does not go into their home. Removing such things from the library would be like trying to prevent a child from seeing a naked body or hearing a curse. Whenever they bathe they need blinders and can never leave their homes because people don't always watch what they say in public. No, I don't feel like every type of movie, or book, etc., belongs in the library. There is a limit as to how something should be inappropriate or volgant and still be allowed in a public library. Novels which are so descriptive that the reader can see almost every aspect of procreation that takes place between the pages should have their own place, separate from the public library, just like films which really show every aspect. Although I like the idea, removing said books would be unfair. Denying access to those who find these books good for themselves would be a mistake. A wise author, Katherine Paterson once said, “ We can all think of a book that we hope none of our children or other children have pulled off the shelves. But if I have the right to take this book off the shelf - this job that I hate - then you have the exact same right and everyone else too. And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us. The veracity of this statement would not be difficult to prove. A Religious Family Who Believe @ PERSON2, a book that I find to be an innocent fantasy, is a series of books promoting witchcraft and Satanism, so they are removing them from the library. I am deleting the previously mentioned graphic romance novels. A mother who wants her child to be safe from what she considers the filth of the planet, takes away the books of drug addicts and abuse, and the books of war because they are full of death. And as this continues, eventually we find ourselves with the empty shelves of a forgotten building that no longer has a raison d'être. Graphic novels that I find inappropriate could be placed in an adult section, or higher than most children can reach. Protective parents can deny their own children the media they deem inappropriate, instead of the world. While not everything is suitable for everyone, it is not fair to censor something in the world. There are ways to keep things in parts and not in others. Nothing should be removed from the library because of its content. At most it should be placed in a less accessible way.
There are a lot of different people in this world, who have a lot of different opinions about books, music, movies, magazines, etc., @ CAPS1 because a person doesn't really look like horror movies , that doesn't mean that movie stores should remove horror movies from there shelves. as scary as the sound of @ MONTH1. there are a lot of people out there who are slasher movie freeks. scary movies live and blast. I love myself @ CAPS1 about everything. I will read any book or listen to any type of music, it actually broadens my taste for certain materials. I feel like everyone should try new things. Suppose when you were growing up your favorite books were @ CAPS2 The @ CAPS3. and you would like to share your childhood stories with your children. BUT @ CAPS4, bookstores have removed @ CAPS2 The @ CAPS3 from their shelves because a tiger and a pig could never be friends. It's absurd. a lot of people like a lot of different things. There is no reason to only sell what you like. otherwise your businesses will fail.
What is considered offensive? If we took books, music, movies and magazines that people find off the shelves, there would be nothing left. Everyone is different, which means they are all offended in different ways. By taking all of this off the shelf, we would be providing a smaller education for students all over the world. Things we learn in school, slavery, wars and some politics. Now, all of these things might offend a lot of people, but if we were to take them off the shelves of schools and libraries, kids would have no idea what the story is or what is going on in the world today. What about drugs and alcohol, many parents do not talk to their children about controlled substance use so without these sources they @ MONTH1 never know the harm they can do to the body. someone's body. Everyone takes something offensive, but not everyone takes the same offensive thing. So who can say what offends people and what doesn't? If so, shouldn't we remove all books, films, music and magazines from children's schools and libraries ? The adults take offense, so we would take away all their resources, including the newspaper. By removing what @ MONTH1 calls offensive @ MONTH1 is ushering us into the dark ages with no books, no local news, no movies, no nothing because no one can say what the whole world considers offensive. Everyone has the right to read and write whatever they want. No one can say what offends everyone. Someone @ MONTH1 gets offended by talking about their breed, another @ MONTH1 gets offended when talking about @ CAPS1 and someone @ MONTH1 gets offended even if you talk about their cute little kitten. Everyone looks at everything differently. So why try to control us all as one. All people think differently and they know what they want to read, hear and watch for themselves, they don't need someone to tell them.
Censorship should only be used for areas to which young children are exposed, such as schools and television programming aimed at young children. Things that are not intended for young children should not be censored. If you were to censor everything because some people find it offensive, we would never be able to come up with new ideas to improve our community. Censing books, films, magazines and music that are not intended for young people is a waste of time. If you were to remove a book from a shelf that explained @ CAPS2's @ CAPS1 because someone found it offensive, we would never make a breakthrough in technology. Cenosing things like books is just plain silly and ignorant. Studying material is our only way forward in science, and if we can't get the right books to study because they have been taken off the shelves due to their offensive nature, we will never compromise on technology. Parents who think books, movies, and magazines should be censored aren't really good parents. If they really agreed with those topics, then they shouldn't buy them the movies or books they find offensive. It seems that parents want to proclaim that they want to censor these articles because they find them offensive. But not all parents feel the same, some parents are open with their children about these topics and feel that their children are mature enough to handle things like these. As a child, I was not immune to these kinds of situations. I grew up without censorship. I watched movies and read books that were never censored, and I was mature enough to know what it was about. I see why parents want to censor these kids on topics like this, but they never take the time to talk to their kids about these topics and see if they're mature enough to handle it. Censorship is great for children's TV shows. But when you start to censor someone's ideas because you find them offensive and wrong, then you are ignorant. People here have free speech and have the right not to have their work censored because a small group finds it offensive. Censorship is a great tool, if used correctly
Censorship of the book? Should we censor books? It is a national problem concerning the contents of the books. It's a big deal. What one parent feels is very offensive, another @ MONTH1 thinks he has a necessary life lesson for their children to learn. If you ask me this, I would say "@ CAPS1 I think books should do it, but on a national, not a community level." @ CAPS2 I mean a book with references to nudity or other things of a volgur nature, not just because there is a bad word that a parent thinks is inappropriate for their child. I think there should be a national book rating system like there is in the film industry. So I believe it is the job of parents to regulate what their children read. If they think the book is vulgar or inappropriate but the system doesn't believe it, you need to prevent their children from reading it without taking it off the shelf. It is the job of parents to regulate their children's reading, not the content of the library. Like in Katherine Paterson's @ CAPS3 ', we can all think of a book that we hope none of our kids or children have pulled off the shelves. But if I had the right to take this book off the shelf - this job that I hate - then you have the exact same right and everyone else too. And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us. @ CAPS2 this I believe she means if we all took a book off the shelves for our children, there would be no books because what does not offend you @ MONTH1 will be very offensive to another parent. Parents should therefore leave it on the shelf and prevent their own children from reading it and let other parents worry about their own children. @ CAPS1 I believe in a government censorship program but to some extent. It is the job of parents to regulate their children's readings, but they do not need to regulate the content of the library.
No, I don't think that would be the right thing to do. Remove a book from the shelf just because one person or a small number of people think a book is offensive to them. It's not just one person to decide. Some people or certain people would like to vote or organize a meeting to remove a book or books from the shelf because it offends them. Just because a person finds this book or books offensive does not mean that they should have the right to throw the book away. There might be a lot of people who really like this book or these books, and they won't be able to appreciate them anymore. All because one person or a few others don't like the book. Yes, these are books that a lot of people don't like but still don't give a person to throw the book away, all because they don't like that book or that series of books. No one should have the right to take a book they don't like from a library and throw it away because they don't like it. It could be a smart little boy or girl who likes this book and because that person threw it out because they don't like it, now this little boy or girl won't be able to read his favorite book. That's why I don't think books that someone finds offensive should be taken from a library. Because there is always someone out there who loves this book that you might want to throw away. If you think the book is so offensive to you, just walk away from that area of the library and don't think about that book.
The media is a way for some people to get out and reach others. Whether it's a magazine, movie, etc., everyone will see it in one way or another. If this work is not considered acceptable from the point of view of many people, it should not be available to the public. Personally, I believe that if something is considered to be an offense and an offense, it should not be displayed. Millions of people will see it and I wouldn't want my child to watch it. Why would anyone else want the opposite? Children pay great attention to detail and something so negative could change the child's mindset. We all want to raise our children properly and allowing them access to negative material is unwarranted. It is not only children who are affected, adults too are affected by the media. Adults can get screwed too, trust me. I remember a time when there were books and magazines in my school that were taken off the shelves for the exact same reason. I believe what the librarians did was right. Some children in school should not watch or read unacceptable things. Some @ MONTH1 students have not matured enough and may take something from a different perspective than another student. I believe if something is taken off a shelf because it doesn't seem appropriate enough, I represent whoever did it. Nothing that has a negative effect on a person should be seen by an innocent child. There should be a positive effect on the child at all times so that he is brought up to the best of his ability
I think they should drop the books and take more stuff away from the kids now because they are getting worse like everyday I think they should move the @ NUM1 to @ NUM2 so at least they're old enough to read, hear or watch whatever they want, but they should review and self-check whatever they put in stores. They should also have different parts in a library so that the little ones don't reach the adult section like adult books which have stuff about sex, drugs or anything else that falls under that category. I have @ NUM3 little brothers, and they are @ NUM4, @ NUM5, @ NUM6. They know more things than my parents, and that's because now children learn much more easily. So I'm saying that we, like in @ LOCATION1, citizens have to be careful how we put things out there that the kids can get their hands on. When I was young, I didn't know as much as my little brothers do today, and that's because every day they come out with something else every day that can affect our children, our brothers or anybody. I also think schools should have a lesson on things kids go through in life today, like in elementary school, so that as they get older they already know what drugs are or what drugs are. sex life. Children also remember a lot more things when they grow up, so if we put them in their heads at a very young age, they will remember them. I'm not saying kids will stop doing what they're doing, but at least the percentage of the population will go down and parents will be much happier. I also think parents should stop lying to their kids about sex, making up stories so they don't know, they have to stop doing this because they will find out sooner or later, so why not now ? they would be more aware of real life the way it unfolds, so not all parents should be lying to kids about sex life. So that's my personal opinion on the situation. I wish that would change sooner or later before the world becomes a big mess.
Books are a part of everyone's life as soon as they learn to read. First our parents read us books to put us to sleep. Then our teachers read us books to teach us things or to keep us occupied. Then, when we get a little older, we are given the task of reading books for class. There's even reading in the workplace, whether it's receipts, orders, or recipes. Readings are something we cannot shy away from. This takes me to say that authors write books for an audience and write the book the best they can to get the attention of the audience. I don't believe that books, no matter if a person finds them offensive, should be removed from the shelf on which they were placed. I think there are things we can do if we don't want to read this particular book. There are also things parents can do to make sure the books their children read are appropriate and not offensive. There are also benefits to reading books that @ MONTH1 show something different than this person @ MONTH1 has experienced before. First, I think books shouldn't be taken out of libraries because some people think they are offensive. Everyone has an opinion, and just because someone doesn't like the book doesn't mean that the experience of reading that book should be taken away from someone else. If you find a book offensive, you can just stop reading it. Just because you don't like it doesn't mean someone else won't like it. It's just outside of the fact that humans have their own opinions. On a different note, I think children's books are a little different. Parents have the right and the responsibility to protect their children. I believe parents should take a proactive role in monitoring their children. For young children, I think parents should read the book first and judge whether they think their child should read it or not. Then, for young adults, I think parents might try to research some information about the book. The Internet is a great source for book reviews and ratings. Therefore, I believe that censorship of children's books is the responsibility of parents. Finally, I think books are different for everyone and can be interpreted differently. When I read a book, think about the diagram, imagine the characters and react to the events, I make my own opinion about the book. My friend, who also reads the same book, might have a completely different opinion of the book. But we both gained something by reading the book. In conclusion, I think books should be censored by parents and that's it. I think reading books is a very positive thing. So no one should have the right to tell people what they should and shouldn't read. In addition, books are topics that can be discussed and everyone can form their own opinion. In my opinion, every book should have its own place on a shelf.
I believe they should not be taken off the shelves if they are found to be offensive. Many people have their own tastes in what they love to read, write and do. Therefore, there should be a wide variety of these things on the shelves so that people can do what they like best. @ MONTH1 books and magazines are offensive, but they @ MONTH1 appeal to the reader as well. Personally, I love books on drugs, sex, and a lot of other inappropriate things. In fact, my favorite book is banned from my school library. If they removed all the inappropriate books from their library. What would I read? not everything can be just fishing parents all the time. It's not in real life, so why should we read a little fantasy world that we know isn't true? I know I wouldn't want to read this. Just like books and magazines, everyone has their own musical tastes. some like country, classical, metal and maybe even rock. If you took the offensive songs off the shelves, it would make people angry. It's like not playing a song on the radio that is offensive, and many songs played on the radio are degrading to women. if it can be played on the radio. Why can't he be in a library? he's going to be able to listen to that song on the radio anyway. Most of the movies these days are very gory or offensive in many ways. A lot of people are interested in these films. If you can watch this movie in a movie theater, why can't you pull it out of a library ? Some people go to see films that are shown at school so that they can watch them when they are away. What would they do if this movie was taken off the shelves? To fail? I know I would be angry if this happened to me. Keep offensive books, music, movies, and magazines on library shelves. People will eventually see them, hear them and watch them even if they are not in the library. Even if you take out offensive material, you will get it sooner or later no matter what you do.
When have you ever gone to a library and found a book so shocking that you were complaining or trying to get that book off the shelf ? Have you ever read a book halfway through and wondered why you are reading it? Why would you read a book that you know you won't like? If anyone has the right and the authority to remove books that disturb them from the shelves, then I have exactly the same right as they do. I thought everyone was treated equally. When I read I always read the spine of the book or what's called the story summary so I can see if I'm going to like it or not. If I know a book is going to offend me or a magazine or even a movie is going to offend me, I probably won't even bother to pay attention. Obviously, the author doesn't like censorship or she wouldn't argue about it. This is obviously something that bothers her and everyone has their own beliefs and disbeliefs. I respect people who stand up for themselves and find the most difficult ways out of difficult situations. I can say that I always go to libraries and read books because I am not a reader. But I can tell you that if I've ever been to a library and found a book on the shelf that offends me, it's probably going to offend someone else. So why would they even try to get away with being offensive to people. Everyone is entitled to their opinion. But I think if it's going to offend someone in particular, it's probably going to upset someone else. I'm not saying everyone is the same, but most people believe in things that other people believe in. People can have the same agreements and disagreements. I agree with @ PERSON1 because she is right. You would be amazed at the amount and the different things that people can be offended by. I have tons of film, book, music, and magazine experiences that have offended me. But I didn't let him pull me down or anything. For example, I stopped watching the movie, and I stopped reading the book that was bothering me. You cannot carry your emotions on your shoulders, but you can stand up for your rights and tell people what you believe. @ CAPS1 never tell anyone that you can't believe your opinions. If there are things offending you, @ CAPS1 don't let them bother you, just stop doing what you're doing and move on. Like I said, I have had a lot of experiences with offensive things that I have read and watched. A while ago I watched a movie in which a black man was locked up and killed in prison for being accused of something he didn't do. It was just because the weather existed and it was also because it was dark. This is the kind of stuff that really pisses me off. Because we are all the same. We @ MONTH1 are different and see it differently. But our bodies work the same and we all breathe the same air. I've always followed the saying: "@ CAPS1 never judge a book by its cover until you read it". So no matter what people @ MONTH1 think, I believe in one thing and that is to let people believe in things that they want to believe. @ CAPS1 never tells anyone how to think, act or feel. I agree with Katherine Paterson.
When I go to a library, @ MONTH1 finds things that offend me. But if something is offensive to me, the person next to me @ MONTH1 does n't think the same is offensive to them. When people try to put limits on what's offensive and what isn't, they can't. There is a wide variety of people out there who all have different opinions depending on their history. What I think is offensive @ MONTH1 be considered the best thing that has ever been printed, published or recorded and in the eyes of others. The major problem is that offensive does not have a fixed definition. I don't think you will ever find a definition that everyone can agree on. There must be limits to keep certain things away from certain age groups. For example, you wouldn't want a kindergarten child to be able to watch an @ CAPS1 movie. Some censorship needs to be done to protect people. But it all depends on common sense. We will never all agree on what is offensive, but if we use common sense, the @ MONTH1 problem will be solved.
Some people believe that offensive books, magazines, or music should be taken off library shelves. I believe that offensive books, music and media should not be taken off the shelves. It is a personal right to see certain things that are offensive if they choose to do so. Nor is it the right of others to decide what others can and cannot observe. If some offensive things were removed from library shelves like music, books, etc., people's knowledge would be limited to what the library or government would like them to know and that is not fair. It is someone's personal decision whether or not to watch or listen to or read offensive things. People shouldn't be protected by society and only know what they want to know. If libraries eliminated offensive media, people would be able to form their own opinions and ideas. In some cases, reading and knowing certain things that are offensive to certain people should be made known to the world. One case is how people should know about the holocaust in @ DATE1. I'm sure reading about the holocaust is very distressing for a lot of people, but no matter how disturbing and offensive this story is, people should know about it so that history does not repeat itself. Government and society do not have the right to decide what people accept. For example, what if all of a certain type of music was taken out of libraries, the Internet, and television ? it would slowly dissolve out of existence. Some things like reading about the era before racial equality, and things like slavery are very offensive for people to read. But these things need to be read and heard and passed down through history so that they are not forgotten. Knowledge of offensive things should not be taken away from people by libraries. Yes, offensive things shouldn't be celebrated or seen as good, but people should know it. People in the world cannot just know the good things or only what their society wants them to know, they also have to know the bad things and the offensive things that are happening and have happened as well.
Katherine Paterson said, “ If I have the right to take this book off the shelf, then you have the exact same right as well and everyone else too. 'In that quote I think she was trying to make it clear that if someone takes a book or magazine and reads it and then puts it back and maybe it's not the best book ever and they @ MONTH1 find it offensive, but someone else comes along and wants to read it and they @ MONTH1 don't find it offensive, so you have two different views on a book that @ MONTH1 is offensive to one person, but to another, @ MONTH1 is not. Different views really affect the way you censor books, due to the way people are so different there is a difference in what they think a book could affect what should happen to that book. I don't believe that books, movies, music, magazines, and other materials like these should be taken off the shelves if they are found to be offensive to someone. If they are found to be offensive to a bunch of different people then yes they should be deleted, but if it only bothers one or two people but there are other people who agree that it is not. offensive, so don't get rid of it just because of a couple people. Take a vote maybe to see how many people agree and disagree about keeping it or getting rid of it, then decide whether or not you should keep it or get rid of it out of that vote. I think it would be fairer and more satisfying to vote on whether or not it is fair to keep it or delete it. If someone has a memory of something they have read or remembers an experience and then someone else reads it and feels offended by something, it is not just for the other person to get rid of it. It is especially not fair to the person with the memories and experiences. So do n't delete the books just because a few people might find it offensive, vote to decide. Let more than a few people decide for the name of the book. More than a few people can impact a single book, and you never know what different views you @ MONTH1 find of different people on a single book. People need to be able to discuss their views on the book and then decide whether or not to keep it, so don't choose to get rid of it without multiple views on the book.
Censorship of the Library Everyone has their favorite book. But if it offended someone, should they be allowed to take it off? Offensive materials should not be removed from the shelves. If we removed books that offended even one person, there would be no books left. As Americans, we have the right to free speech. Authors use their freedom in their writing, just as musicians use their freedom to make music. But if we were to deny them the right to release their creations, we would deny them their basic rights as U.S. citizens. Personally, I hate rap. I don't even consider it to be music, since no one is actually singing. But I understand that a large percentage of our population likes to listen to it. Should I be allowed to take it off the shelves, leaving teenagers without their music, denying artists' free speech and ultimately leaving them unemployed? One of my favorite series is the @ PERSON2 series, by @ PERSON1. This is a young teenager who is learning to cope with all the hardships of growing up dependent on @ CAPS1, and it has helped me to do the same. But since this is a @ CAPS2 series, should it be taken off the shelves ? Should we deny other young girls the chance to read this life-changing series just because someone might find it offensive? While some wish they could eliminate certain materials that they find offensive, this is not fair to the authors, musicians, or fans of those works. However, those who find it offensive should be allowed to avoid it. Libraries need to make sure that they separate each topic distinctly, so that people can easily tell where they should and shouldn't avoid. Libraries are meant to be a resource for everyone, which means they should have material for everyone, no matter how offensive it might seem.
Censorship in the books is one of the main concerns of @ LOCATION1. If it was my job to take a book off the shelf I wouldn't, in my personal opinion I think we as @ CAPS1 should just read the issues and stop complaining. Yes, we have books that people seem to dislike, like “ @ ORGANIZATION1's @ CAPS2 ”, but the only reason it got taken from library and school shelves is because it uses the word “ nigger ”. And I think it's a bit silly that people overreact to that word when they themselves weren't even here to know its true meaning. Censorship in music. This is another big concern for the folks at @ LOCATION1. The lyrics used in most of the songs that I find "disturbing" or try to get people and young children to commit criminal and other illegal acts. Music like rap and the lyrics used in rap are what make kids do stupid things, the music is about sex, drug use and murder. I don't think I would go so far as to take it off the shelf, but I would have the vendors put them in a " can only percha if @ NUM1 " section. Most of the crimes we have today are blamed on music. From my observation on these topics, I've seen people read a book that uses deep language and be okay with it, they don't overreact so it shouldn't be taken off the shelves. In my opinion about rap music, of course in a way it should be taken off the shelves and never be sold again, but I've seen people listen to it and never smoke, never kill and never hurt another person. From my own experience, I listen to some of these gore obsessed bands and read deep language books and get over it, these things should be overlooked and forgotten. It's just a common thing, but there are a lot of things that should be taken off the shelves, I would, and it has to do with movies and magazines. Some movies have always been a problem for society, I have witnessed some movies showing just a little too much nudity which I think is not a good thing our young children should see, that whether in the theater or on television, these things should be taken out. My observation about magazines is that I personally told her that one of my best friends said, "I want to look that skinny and this girl is doing it in this magazine because I'm too fat. ". There are a lot of magazians that shouldn't be shown or read because he says skinny is better and so many girls and women starve themselves to look like the person on a magazian's cover, and it's ridiculous to see this happen, if it was my choice i would ban the use or view of these materials mainly because this is just a big peer pressure issue. I wouldn't ban all of the things I put in this article, just the things that I personally find disturbing or not to the public eye.
I don't think censorship is fair to our public libraries. In my opinion, it depends on what they say or what they show. It also depends on the age of the children or adults. People are different in many ways. It also depends on how they take it in meaning. If they take books, music, movies and magazines off the shelves because of their offensive, that wouldn't be a great idea because how could other people grab it and want to read it? in life, if they were taken off the shelves? Some people like to read this stuff and nothing else. I don't think people would be too happy. Plus, it's different cultures in those countries that read stuff like that. People would like to know more about different things. If people took books and things like that off the shelves, there would be next to nothing to read. Books for children and adults contain all kinds of things. Books and things like that that you can read can have more stuff than offensive stuff, sometimes they can have more information in those books than others. In my conclusion, censorship is not good in our public libraries because it takes the basics out of libraries and takes half of people's reading.
If the library is in a high school, we are all old enough to have seen or heard anything and everything offensive. In case we haven't, you cannot protect your children from offensive content. This @ CAPS1 hurts them in the long run. For example, when your boss goes to work and you or someone around you mess up an important task or task, he @ MONTH1 uses terms such as the word "@ CAPS2" or other vulgar terms to describe how angry he is. If you just heard those screaming at you for the first time, there is a chance that you have a breakdown or are inefficient for the job. Now, I'm not saying we should all “swear” everyday and speak in a vulgar tongue. I'm just saying the real world doesn't have a "clean" version. there's no mommy or daddy there to stand there and say, 'oh no that's not acceptable speech son'. If you answered a survey of everyday language in teens and young adults, almost @ PERCENT1 would say they use some form of foul language or inappropriate terms. We need to let our children and our teens know that it is wrong to say these things and they need to know what is acceptable in society and what is not. but taking them from the library and then pushing them into a world with inappropriate daily acts is not fair
Are we allowed to take books? Author Katherine Paterson makes a point by saying "if I have the right to take this book off the shelf then you also have the exact same right and everyone else too." And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us. @ CAPS1 says if everyone can just pull books off the shelf because they have something against it, we would hardly have any books left in our libraries. Everyone has their own opinions. There are so many things that affect our opinions. Our beliefs, our lifestyles, our way of thinking, our culture and the list goes on. I'm sure I could think of some books, movies, music, and magazines that I don't like and could do without. Does that mean I want to completely rid the world of these certain materials? I certainly wouldn't mind, but it would be extremely selfish. Even if something is totally inappropriate and offensive, it is still information. Maybe it shouldn't go to the toddler section of a library or store, but I don't think it should be removed altogether. The music especially. There is a wide range of music ranging from rap, rock, oldies, screamo, classical, country, alternative and the list goes on. I despise the country; I favor alternative and classical music. I know a lot of people who love him though. All the old people I know hate all rap. Most are quite offensive, but that's how it is. So no, I don't think anyone should have the right to take anything out of anywhere just because they personally find it offensive. We cannot hide from the world. I think people should be open to new things and understand that not everyone likes the same things. If we delete things that we don't care about, others will delete the ones you like and so on. So they ended up with nothing. Just like freedom of speech, we should have the freedom to read, listen and watch what we like
I believe censorship should be allowed when it comes to certain things but I don't think censorship belongs to public libraries. Books are written to stimulate the imagination of a person's mind and if they cannot read books that are the slightest bit offensive then they will never know what it is to open some of the most. great books never written until that person grew up. And there are several studies that show that books stimulate the human mind and taking those pounds off would be a big blow to these statistics. For example, a student was given a report on a piece of classical literature. So he / she goes to the public library to find a good book, but when that student gets it, he / she finds out that all the pieces of classical literature have been taken out of the library due to their being too offensive. What would this person do? If he / she gives up just because every piece of classical literature has been taken out of every library in the country, I say no! This is a problem because almost every great book ever written has at least a few parts where it is slightly offensive to that reader. From my personal experience, I can support this statement with books that I have read during my school career. For example, when I was in class @ NUM1 I was assigned a book report on @ PERSON1, so I went to our school library to search for this book and it was nowhere to be found. I asked the librarian where this book was and she said it was taken down because it was offensive to the black people to have the word negro printed on its pages. So I asked her if I could go to the public library to get the book and she said it had also been taken off her shelves. I didn't know what to do, I was completely confused and I didn't have a book to write my report on. So, finally, the teacher had to change the subject of the report because no student could find @ PERSON1. But if the state hadn't allowed these books to be taken off the shelves, we wouldn't have had this problem. Another example was when my friend @ PERSON2 wanted to know more about his culture and where his ancestors came from. But when he got to the library, he couldn't find any books in the Arab world. So he asked the librarian " where are all the books covering @ LOCATION3, @ LOCATION2 and @ LOCATION1 ?" " And the librarian said they had all been removed because after NUM2 @ @ CAPS1 regarded Arabs as people very offensive and that no book was left unchecked. I'm sure he found this comment very offensive, but there was nothing he could do about it because whites found Arabs offensive and unequal to the white race. These are just a few things that have happened before because people find some books offensive, which is why I think the government should leave all the books on the shelves and let people decide whether to take that book or leave it. to pass . Of course, people have free speech, but that shouldn't affect the books that belong to the shelf. This is why I think censorship should not be allowed to affect public libraries.
Censorship in Libraries @ CAPS1 has a lot of stuff on library shelves that you are concerned about @ MONTH1. You @ MONTH1 wonder why they don't take the bad stuff off the library shelves. On the shelves of the library it contains books, music, films and magazines. Some things are like the images it contains, the language it contains, and the type of advertisement. Some things I have experienced relate to the language it contains. I've seen books, magazines, music, and movies that are passwords. Also, some @ MONTH1 contain racist elements that you don't like. Another thing is that @ CAPS1 is bad persuasion, like bad things you hear or see and wonder what it would be like to do that stuff. Also another thing are the advertisements. Some things a magazine may contain relate to tobacco advertising, for example it's good for you to try. Other ads are alcohol ads like a photo of someone with a beer or a whiskey in their hand from @ CAPS1, and we think it's cool to try it, but it's not the case. The last thing that is really bad about advertising is drug advertising, such as a picture of a drug leaf or perfumes. It's bad to take drugs because it can ruin an entire career in high school and maybe college. The last thing are pictures and scenes. In movies, @ CAPS1 may be scenes that you don't approve of. In some magazines @ CAPS1 may contain images that you also do not approve of. So the things that I have seen are pictures and scenes in movies and magazines that contain inappropriate scenes and images. Some things are like the images it contains, the language it contains, and the @ CAPS1 ad type. On the shelves of the library it contains books, music, films and magazines. You @ MONTH1 wonder why they don't take the bad stuff off the library shelves. @ CAPS1 has a lot of stuff on the library shelves that you are concerned about @ MONTH1.
Books deemed offensive should not be removed from library shelves. Books tell fictional or non-fiction stories. Many books that @ MONTH1 have been found to be offensive are historical. These books could include topics such as wars, eras, people, etc. Everyone has the same right to read any book they want. They also have the right not to read the book at all. Books that are taken off the shelves of a library because a person or a group of people are offended makes the ability of someone who wants to read the book, to read the book. We as people should not be able to take this away from other people. They should be able to read whatever they want. If anyone wants to read a biography or story on @ CAPS1, they should be able to do so. The subject of @ CAPS1 and @ ORGANIZATION1 @ MONTH1 is found to be offensive because of what they represent. If we consider the subject as a purely historical reference and not as a story to be read for fun, there will never be any offense in these books. These stories have a big part in the story. If we don't learn from their mistakes, @ MONTH1 history will repeat itself. History is there to be studied, even though the topics may offend some people. Political correctness cannot always be respected when writing a story. As in À @ CAPS3 a @ CAPS4. This book poses many problems in terms of political correctness. These problems include ; the murder of an innocent man and the exposure of the flaws in our justice system, the use of the word “ nigger ” to describe the black characters and the racial inequality of @ LOCATION1 during @ DATE1. These issues would certainly be offensive to some readers, but this book is award winning and uses history as a guide. The situations in this novel are those that could be real. These are things we have to learn, so we don't repeat them. Another story that fits fairly well in this topic is @ CAPS5 @ NUM1. This novel is about a world where all books are burnt. No book is allowed to be read by the people. This book reveals the removal of offensive books to its extreme. It doesn't matter who you are or what you believe in, there will be some topics that you find shocking. If we remove every book that someone finds offensive, we won't have any more books on the shelves of any library. A library is not a library without its books. If we allow the books to start being taken off the shelves, we won't be able to stop it. One day, we'll end up like everyone else in @ CAPS5 @ NUM1. No story will be known but what is transmitted. No more stories will be there to entertain us, but those memorized. No books will exist and this world would be terrible without books. Books deemed offensive should not be removed from library shelves. The removal of these books takes away the freedom to read whatever you want. It reduces the chances that we have to learn and grow. Political correctness must not replace our own freedom, and as long as we keep our books on their shelves, it does not.
I believe libraries should have more censorship. Some books, magazines, and movies need to be deleted or grouped together by age. From my own experiences reading or seeing people reading these books, I think they should be removed as they influence violence, sexual activity and drug use. Young children should not be exposed to these things yet. First, I think books that contain violence should be deleted. I believe children are the easiest people to influence. I also believe that violence is the worst thing to be influenced by. Violence in books can influence murder. Fighting and killing is not good. No young child should be able to witness a lot of shooting and fighting. The book will make children think that it is the right thing to do if they are able to verify it. Being influenced by violence will make you commit crimes. Reading a book is not worth going to jail. Then I believe that all material of sexual activity should be removed from the libraries. Children should not be exposed to sexual activity until it is time for them to start learning it. For example, a young girl who reads that teenage pregnancy is not a problem. The reader will think that it is what she is supposed to do that is wrong. Books and magazines containing sexually explicit words should not be accessible to young children. These @ MONTH1 things influence kids to do things they shouldn't even be thinking of doing. You can at least sort them all in an adult section. Finally, drug use should not be published in children's books. children should not read or watch anything that talks positively about drugs. Unless it is about saying no to drugs and not using them, children should not read them at all. Drugs cause people to do things their common sense doesn't want them to do. Children should say no to drugs and books that influence the opposite. Coincidentally, that's why I think we need censorship in our libraries. we need censorship because of violence and drug use. Also because of sexual activity and many other things
Dear Diary and Staff, @ CAPS1 brought to my attention that @ CAPS1 is considered that most libraries in the @ MONTH1 community have some books removed and / or censored from the library. I find that unacceptable ; in my opinion, this is an attempt to mislead or perhaps hide past evidence of offensive readings from future generations. For example, one of my favorites is a book called "A @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 @ CAPS1", this book describes the passions of a child and the abuses he suffers on a daily basis. Books like this don't just educate @ CAPS1 also give the reader an open mind about how things could have been. Some @ MONTH1 topics include ; slavery, abuse, war and discrimination. These subjects are still part of the things that happen in today's society today. Censorship and suppression of these books is unnecessary; for the simple reason that at least three of the four are relevant. @ CAPS1 is extremely important for our generations to be aware of the hearts, issues and lessons in which these topics have arisen. Without affecting our generations of these issues, @ CAPS1 could cause a repeat of history, which we as a country are trying to prevent ! My opinion of the films is a little different, however. I believe that some films are correct ; but they must not contain obvious and intentional acts of discrimination and / or offensive material. Most movies these days, if they are offensive in a movie-related way, they are rated at least @ CAPS5 @ NUM1 or @ CAPS5 @ NUM2, allowing certain age groups to view material that @ MONTH1 is offensive or possibly discriminatory. They @ MONTH1 also need adult wetsuits to preview movie. So in my conclusion I would like you to take my opinion as a wise view of offensive / discriminatory issues. I just think the open content of @ ORGANIZATION1 is allowed at certain ages, depending on the content. Many observations should be made by parents / guardians if necessary. I appreatiate your time and understanding my letter! Thank you! Sincerely, @ PERSON1- @ ORGANIZATION1
Everyone today is offended on a daily basis. So going to a library and seeing offensive material on the shelves is no different from the rest of the day. However, there are those spirits, who have not been polluted and influenced by these offensive materials, who should have the right to keep their minds this way. One solution to the problem could be that we start rating books and magazines like we do movies. Material rated for adults is placed in an area of the liary while material rated lower is displayed to the public. The highest rated can be placed in an area that is not seen by the public every day and that is kept secret, thus protecting uninfluenced minds and people who want this material can still do whatever they want. Another solution might be to just get rid of the censored material. This, in my opinion and in my experience, corrupts both mind and soul, and makes man what he is not by nature. Men, who have nothing better to do than sit and read or watch things inside marriage, often accomplish nothing of great value in their lives. They are therefore a hindrance to society. But if they can't access the hardware, then they need to do something to fill that time. In that case, they can find a good classic to read or maybe pick up that dusty @ CAPS1 in the trade. This leaves the choice to the laboratories. They can leave their library however they want, they can put offensive material in a secluded room, or they can remove defined offensive material and keep the company on its feet, accomplishing great feats for the next generation to serve. Thus, the number of offenders decreases and perhaps the frequentation of the library increases.
Have you ever found or seen any books, music, movies, or magazines in a library that shock you? If so, would you have wanted to remove it from the shelf so that none of your children or anyone else who might have found it offensive could see it ? Well, I went to the library and saw some gifting things to me, and I also heard my family talking about it. So I am going to talk about what I have heard that my family has seen or found offensive books, music, movies and magazines. Also, I'll explain how I felt and what I wanted to do when I saw these things in a library that I was offering. The last thing I'm going to talk about is how I feel about censorship in libraries. First, I heard my sisters, mom, and mother-in-law tell me how they found books, music, movies, and magazines in a library that shocked them. Now I don't know exactly what they found offensive in books, magazines etc, but I do know what they thought about it and what they wanted to do. So one day my sisters, mom, and stepmom were talking about some books that she found shocking. They never said what the books were, but kept talking about how they felt and what they wished they had done. Now she told me and my family that she was very offended by their name and what they were doing. She also said that she would have really liked to remove books, music, movies, etc. shelves, so that others who may have found them offensive do not see them. But, they all also agreed that they really had no right to take them off the shelves. The reason they don't have this right is that there are a lot of people out there that they don't know if they find it offensive or not. People who don't find it offensive may want to read them. So, they've just agreed to look beyond them and ignore what's there if it offends them to people who don't find them offensive. Now from my perspective to find or see books, music, movies, magazines, etc. in a library that are or were offensive to me. There have been a few times when I walked into a library where I found a few books that were offensive to me. I really didn't like the subject and the name of the books, and I really would have liked to take them off the shelves and throw them away so that no one else who might have found them offensive would find or see them. What if there were other people who actually wanted to read these books? This is what I thought about when I was tempted to delete them. So I decided not to remove the books from the shelves, so that people who didn't find them offensive could read them, if they wanted to. I respected that there are other people who would like to read these books but at the same time I knew there were people who might find them offensive but I just thought they would just ignore the fact that they are there. So, let's move on to the last thing I'm going to talk about. Do I believe that certain materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should be removed from library shelves if they are found to be offensive ? Also my take on censorship in libraries. Well I think they should be removed so that they don't offend anyone who walks into this library. But, if people had the right to take books or anything offensive to them, then there would literally be no books left in the libraries. So there would be no point in having libraries or anyone writing books. So again, I don't think anyone should have the right to just remove books that are offensive to them. I believe if they find a book that is offensive to them then they should just ignore that it is there and respect the fact that there are a lot of people out there who would or would like to read these books. So I don't think there should be any censorship in libraries at all. It is no one's fault that people find books, music, movies, magazines, etc. offensive to them. So no, there should absolutely be no censorship in a library. So there I just explained my take on censorship in libraries and whether I believe people should have the right to take books off a shelf just because they found it offensive. As I said before, there should be no censorship in libraries. But yes, I understand that people find things offensive, but they should just ignore that they are there and respect that there are people out there who want or would like to read these books. Again, do you think people should be allowed to take a book off the shelf just because they find it offensive, and what do you think about censorship in libraries ?
Certain books, films, magazines, music, etc. should they be removed from the shelves if they are found to be offensive. Books, films, magazines, music are made to relay a message, express a point of view, or perhaps express an opinion, each of which has a different point of view. No, books, movies, magazines, music, etc., shouldn't just be pulled from shelves or stores. All of the things listed above are evaluated. Movies are rated from @ CAPS1 to @ CAPS2, Books are rated from child to adult, and the music, if self-explanatory, has a parenting advice sticker, so just follow the ratings. IF a four-year-old tried to buy two tickets to see a film rated @ CAPS2, the cinema would not sell the tickets to him because he is not yet an adult. People @ MONTH1 bring the point of maybe a kid picks up an adult book or magazine in a store and starts looking and reading it. The solution to this problem is to simply create a separate room in stores that sell these items and label the adults only section. Have cameras nearby, so if a youngster feels brave enough to tempt fate, they will either be caught or simply place a desk in front of the adults section and need some ID to enter. These are still books which are the expression of a person's dreams, hope, desires, fantasies and heart, they should not be denied there because a person deems it unsuitable. And most obvious if that offends you, don't read it. Just follow the scoring rules. Take the necessary precautions. If all of these rules are followed, businesses and libraries should have no problem keeping everyone safe and happy.
If I could get anything off the library shelves, I wouldn't. Would you prefer your children to learn from facts or to learn from their friends ? Censorship of books, magazines, films, etc. and what is on the shelves is primarily intended for fun or information. Granted, you wouldn't want a five-year-old reading a book made for adults, but with age children should learn things. You can't always control what children read unless you plan to accompany them everywhere, including college and their adult lives. Books provide more reliable facts and information than you can hear from people. If all the books on the shelves about drugs or alcohol were taken down, how would anyone write a report on these things. The books were created to provide people, especially children, with facts that no one else could share and it could help expand their vocabulary and knowledge. If someone were to find a book or an @ CAPS1 offensive, they don't need to look at it or even pick it up. Libraries may not always suit everyone's tastes, and something @ MONTH1 finds offensive is not offensive to others. Taking a single book off the shelves would cause the books to be removed from the shelves by others, and then no books would be left for anyone to read or wish to remove from the shelves. If you controlled what everyone reads, no one will be happy and their brain will not function properly. You would take one of their rights, one of the only things they are entitled to without someone else telling them they can't. What children read shapes their minds for their future. If you took their favorite series or genre off the shelves, they wouldn't read or listen to music or anything else because it's not enjoyable. Children start reading when they can enjoy what they are reading or listening to. So with that, I wouldn't take anything off the shelves because someone appeals to everything in one way or another. Controlling what a person reads doesn't get you or the other person anywhere, someone might end up being offended if you remove something you find offensive from the shelves, and you can't stop knowing that books can provide people if they read them. Somehow, something is providing information to people.
Hello, my name is @ PERSON1 I have a few things I would like to talk to you about. I've heard a lot of people say that libraries take a lot of things off their shelves, I think libraries all over the world have a lot of information in there and if we started taking information out of it, what good would it be? -he? by having them. I think everything in libraries is very important and who needs to know everyone wants this to happen. The only thing I do not really think that libraries have need are the movies because like almost all movies have a book that goes with or is almost the same. And continuing with all that is offensive, I think everyone should be mature about all the negative things people can say, no matter how hurtful they are. While I do think the more people read what people say about them the less they'll care because they're so used to it that they won't even know what they're talking about. If there was one thing I could tell the world, it would be not to be offended by what people tell you.
You have to admit that while you want your children to have the freedom, @ CAPS3 are all responsible enough to manage @ CAPS1. You could chat in their ears all day about “ @ CAPS1 is responsible for doing this and @ CAPS3 is responsible for doing it ”. and they'll go out and do @ CAPS1 anyway. Believe me, I am a teenager. I know. So there are a few things you need to take away from them in order to keep them from getting distracted by what matters @ CAPS2 during their teenage years. And that's school work. If school systems allowed offensive or inappropriate material to be on their shelves, I just know kids would find themselves ... well ... " distracted ." And when I say inappropriate, I don't mean just sexually, I mean for school. You would like to think that they might save @ CAPS1 for their departure, return home and work first, but like I said before, the kids are going to do whatever they want. And what they want to do is @ PERCENT1 of time @ CAPS3 schoolwork. They'd rather just sit down, open a magazine, and leave their eyes in awe of celebrities and new scandals. Schoolwork is a very important thing in the life of teenagers, and I think when they are in school they should stay focused on their homework and activities. If they wanted to have some free time to go read magazines they would have to do @ CAPS1 at home. Offensive books should @ CAPS3 be there only to distract the teenager from school. @ CAPS1 is unnecessary. But with public libraries, @ CAPS1 is a whole new story. I believe that nothing should be censored from a public library because people go there of their own accord. I know that I personally go there for research and for the sheer pleasure of reading, like many other people. @ CAPS1 is your choice if you are responsible enough to stay focused on work or be distracted because @ CAPS3 is only suitable for teens, but adults too. @ CAPS1 is unacceptable that there are only educational books because who knows why you are here ? The library is for people to go read, whether @ CAPS1 is just for the heck of @ CAPS1 or for school. @ CAPS3 everyone is responsible. Especially teens @ CAPS3. This is why I personally believe that offensive or inappropriate material should @ CAPS3 be allowed in school libraries, but allowed in public libraries. Although equal rights and freedoms are necessary, schoolwork is too important for children to be distracted from @ CAPS1. @ CAPS1 is the key to their future
Everyone has the same right to read, list and view different documents. Being censored shouldn't be anyone's choice but your own. Having someone else tell you what not to read is, in my opinion, very wrong to do. If we censored everything we do, we would have a city and a nation that @ DATE1 slowly. Any given word can offend a certain person. The people they offend are in my opinion the dead weight of our country which prevents us from fully expressing ourselves, the colorful words we use @ MONTH1 may be offensive to one person but perfectly fine to another. It all depends on the individual who likes or dislikes the word or the readings. In my observations of people who read it and don't like it because of its harsh and colorful words, most often these are people who don't fully express them and are even much more sensitive. I think it also goes against freedom of expression. We were given this right, so why wouldn't we use it ? Why would people want us to speak out? I have no idea why anyone would want to take books, music, movies and magazines away from us. If everything went by a man's rule of what to read and what not to read, we would lower the rating as country and @ DATE1. Therefore, I strongly advise against removing books from oneself. Most people agree with me not to be censored and only sensitive people whom they have offended will make their own choice not to take the book off on their own, not to listen to music and to take the magazine. the right is ours and this is how it should remain
Censorship. It's a word everyone has heard, but do people really know what it means or how it affects them? In the past, books have been censored by rulers and managers who thought the material was harmful. How could they say they knew what was best for their people? What gave them the right to decide what their people could and couldn't read? In today's society, we still face censorship issues. There are still people who believe that libraries should censor their books. Censorship is bad. Books, magazines, movies, music, etc. should not be taken off the shelves just because some people find them offensive. Everyone has different tastes, not only in food, but also in every other aspect of their life. No one has the right to say that one genre is better than another. Censorship is bad because it limits what people can read, watch and listen to. Censorship should not be allowed because it limits what people can read. Some people like mysteries, while others like to read romantic books. If we allow people to censor what we read, then how can we say that this is a book that everyone loves? If libraries censored all books that could offend someone else, then there would be no more books to read. For example, some religious books may offend people of other faiths, but that doesn't mean we should take them off the shelves. If we did this, we would have to remove all religious books so that no one would be offended. Then no one could find any books on his religion, and no one would benefit from them. Likewise, censorship limits what people can watch. If we took out every movie that had even a tiny bit that offended someone else, there wouldn't be any more movies in the world. Every movie will have something that someone will love and someone will hate. If we just focus on the person who hates it and we get rid of movies based on people who hate them, then people who love movies will suffer. People who love horror movies probably hate comedies. That doesn't mean we have to get rid of comedies just because there are people out there who hate them. It only means that people who don't like this type of movie don't have to watch them. Likewise, censorship prevents people from enjoying the kind of music they like. We can't censor music because everyone has different types and genres that they like. If we take out one genre of music, then we have to take out all genres of music. It's not fair to say that we can censor a genre of music because some people don't like it or find it offensive when there are people who really like to listen to that kind of music. It would be unfair to these people, and if we are unfair to them, we have to be unfair to everyone. People would be even more offended than before in this case. There will always be unhappy people in the world. We shouldn't censor books, movies, and music in libraries and other places just to try to make people happy. Censorship in libraries limits what people can enjoy. It drives people who would love censored articles crazy. We shouldn't come to this. We should allow people to choose what they like. If a person wants to read something, he should be allowed. If they want to watch a certain movie or listen to a certain song, why not let them do it? The small margin of people who dislike what those people like may simply avoid reading it, watching it, or listening to it. You can't take something away from people who love it just because someone is unhappy.
