I think some documents are offensive to some people, but that shouldn't give them the right to want to remove them from the shelves. No, I don't agree with taking them off the shelves because people could easily look at them and not read them. Some people @ MONTH1 think they are offensive, but they should know that they are not directed at them. Magazines are different because they have peoples' faces on the cover, which is not necessary. Some of these people have families and don't want them to see their faces on the cover of a magazine. The quote from Katherine Paterson talks about wanting to remove books from the shelves so that children aren't tempted to read them.      If so, I think it is not the right thing to do. Some of those books that people pull off the shelves could be the book that someone can use to identify with or even learn. Whether or not you want your kids to read it or not, they could always find it and ask why they haven't seen it before and parents wouldn't know what to say. Libraries are a resource for people who want to read and learn new things. If you grab a book from a shelf, it might just be the book someone really needs. Don't be that person to take away from a child's learning. You never know who is going to pick up what you have taken.       And if you take it off, they @ MONTH1 never find it. Some people believe that reading something can influence the way they act, but you can't blame it on the reading. It's like saying your favorite color is lime green because it's @ PERSON2's favorite color. This is not true and it is certainly not fair. What would you do if your parents hid a book or something from you? You would be mad at them and wonder why. It would make you want to read it. If they weren't hiding it and you found it, you might not want to read it because your parents would have let you see it and you wouldn't be interested. You have your own choice of what your children read, watch and listen to. Don't exclude them from what you read because you have been offended. Think about it, the music, movie, or book you're hiding in could be the answer to a lot of things. It might help them figure out which path they want to take, or perhaps which path they don't want to take. Either way, it would help them be successful in their life. So why not take the risk? It might even help you.
Censorship in the world we live in today is a very interesting concept. With the advent of social media, we now have thriving communities of people who want their voices heard, and people are listening. We are now able to tap into the enormous amount of knowledge of people all over the world, which allows us to see what is really going on in countries like @ LOCATION2, where the media is seen as a betrayal. What are we doing now that governments are starting to censor the internet? Let's start by examining an argument that has been talked about for a long time: the censorship of libraries. Today, it is almost a requirement for cities to have public libraries to be considered as real cities. Public libraries, and the funding they require, are nowhere to be found in @ ORGANIZATION1. However, they have taken a place in our neighborhoods which have made them indefinite sources of knowledge and culture. A public library @ MONTH1 be a source of ; historical city archives, children's books, novels, research papers, non-fiction books, fiction books, magazines and many other types of entertainment and knowledge. Public libraries are, even with the widespread use of the internet, important places for us, as city dwellers, to socialize and learn. Today @ MONTH1 Libraries contains books that were once on the “banned books” list, but that doesn't mean books aren't banned in libraries. Libraries are generally family institutions, and as publicly funded, they are held to uphold the moral and ethical standards of those who live in the area. This means that there is not a " national list of banned books ", but that there are many discrepancies across @ LOCATION1 in the banning of books. As culture increasingly shifts towards increasingly questionable materials, libraries are faced with a difficult decision; stick with the times and have more questionable and controversial reads, or lose yourself in the past and try to hold on to the senior generation to stay alive. The introduction of new, fresh and new literary materials to the library means that more people will return to the library, whether they are young adults or older people trying to get in touch with the world today. A major controversy of books in public libraries is the inclusion of sexual intimacy. As new generation germs, fed on music lyrics by names like; '@ ORGANIZATION2', or '@ ORGANIZATION3', we are entering a new era where younger and younger children are learning about sex. Today's writers have recognized this and have started including references to sexual intimacy, but not to detailed encounters. I believe that is good, because as we go through the generations, we are going to discover this education about sex; safe sex, birth control, prevention and testing @ CAPS1 are much more important than trying to keep children in the dark. Keeping these young adults involved with books and trying to continue their learning outside of school is a much bigger problem that we should be trying to solve instead of trying to create silly arguments against the new reading material in one. public library. Public libraries are the centerpiece of out-of-school learning in many communities, large and small. Knowing this, how could anyone really believe that it would be smart to stop including new books that would attract new customers ? Even as a business venture, it wouldn't make sense just to turn people down because you have a unique view of the future and refuse to listen to anyone's opinion of the future. So why is there a question about including new knowledge? Isn't it obvious that we as a nation need to show the world that we are not living in the past. That we are indeed the future of the world and that our young adults will receive the best education in the world not only by learning in schools, but by being the most active readers and by extension the learners of the world.
Do you think that some documents, such as books, music, movies, magazines, should be taken off the shelves if they are offensive ? My personal opinion is that they shouldn't be deleted. unless they're so inappropriate that children shouldn't be able to see. This is my opinion because if readers go to the library and find a book offensive to us, it might not be offensive to it and its standards. And if it's offensive to him, then what he's checking is that he obviously knows what he's getting into, then we shouldn't take books off the shelves if they're offensive, because offensive for one is not offensive to the other. well actually my opinion is half and half because if movies and libraries are inappropriate then adults should be the only ones buying them. This is my personal opinion, a lot of others @ MONTH1 have different opinions on this topic, but I just think everything should stay on the shelves. And movies sold to adults and adults only.
Libraries are a place that offers people of all ages the opportunity to read any book, watch any movie, or listen to music for free and for a certain period of time. As people get older they tend to start reading, watching, and listening to material that they would never let their children listen to. Since books are read in private and movies and music are shown in public, books should not be taken off the shelves and only very bad movies and music should leave the library. Books have always been a way for people to step away from their lives and enter their own world of stories. Normally when people read a book, they don't read it in groups, unless they are in a reading group discussing certain books. If anyone wanted to read an inappropriate book for their children, let them do it; it is not hurting the children that they have read inappropriate material, it will only hurt them if that child finds the book that should have been hidden in a better place. For example, @ PERSON1 read the book 'The @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2', which contained content inappropriate for a child, but not so bad as it would be obnoxious. @ PERSON1 will read the book in its head while finding it in the adult section of the library away from children ; this scenario is as it should be. However, if a bookcase places adult books near children's books, it needs to be redesigned to prevent children from accidentally entering the adult section. Books can be hidden from children if they are hidden well enough, but movies and music cannot be hidden in the same way. Movies and music are a great way to unwind after a long day, unless your kids are around. Keeping the kids out of the room is almost an impossible task, whether it's watching the movie or hearing the movie through your bedroom wall. Music can of course be listened to through headphones, but what happens when you leave an @ CAPS3 in the car and a child is sent to that car to wait for their parents to come in? Parents could tell their child to start the car for them and the music will play. Movies and music came from the library, a place where the child thinks there would never be something as shameful as what their parents watch and listen to, ruining their good thoughts of the library. Libraries should either get rid of any obnoxious content about movies and music, or if their main business is that and can't seem to be able to give it up, just place the content as far away from children as possible. As stated above, libraries should remove any content that may be exposed to children and destroy their innocent minds. Libraries are a place where kids can have fun choosing any book they want to read, not a place where parents can pick up items that could damage that child's brain.
Whispers and commentaries fill the room as people make their way into the library. Criticism of books and materials neatly stacked on the shelves is taken and treated badly by harsh people who think they are offensive. From my point of view, I totally agree that there is no right to discuss what should or should not be removed from libraries. Reflecting my own views with libraries shows the interest in the materials for people around the world. The reason I don't believe in this situation myself is the way it is referred to in Katherine Paterson's passage. He explained, "And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us." @ CAPS1 everyone around them has a unique part of themselves, and that is having a different take on something that someone else might have. This leads to taking a material or book that they are seeing, the wrong way round and being offensive about it. However, there may be someone else who doesn't see this exact same book, but instead sees something else that might offend them as well. To keep this observation from being so confusing, I'll be sharing my own experience that might help focus more on my argument. There was a time when I would go to the library and see books and especially magazines everywhere that had an impact on people of color. He described what it would be like if there was still slavery and not everyone was taught or treated equally. In this situation, it could go both ways on how people of color look and feel about it. Maybe the people are relieved and interested, knowing that they are free now. On the flip side, however, many people of color might find themselves in an awkward position, having no passion for elevating equality in the present world, or even in the future. Many might want to forget what happened, instead of books and magazines still publishing articles and stories about it. Again, this argument could go either way, meaning that one less book would be commercially available, or many would be newly stacked on top of each other. When people think of materials, they most likely think of something that symbolizes an event, a period, or a symbol itself. It could also have an impact on censorship in libraries. How people want to integrate the things they are a part of can actually be found in the library. However, someone who thinks there is no right for this to be shown will remove the material. This tends to cause people who thought it was fair not to find the interest they wanted to receive. Another argument people might have is that libraries are a public place, right ? Well, that should reduce or maybe even add more appeal to what they can and cannot share in their readings, documents, and movies. People might think they have the right to discuss or withdraw the offending actions. Not so fast though, because people can prove that they can deliver anything too. Well, instead of picking and choosing, I think it should all be left alone and people should only go to the section of interest that they are looking for and leave the other materials out of sight. My experience and observations on this argument explained why I and all of you should think about censorship views in the proper way in libraries. Not to say that this will control all the problems, but it will help to remove all the material that could have a big role in the future process of seconding children, teachers and, of course, each and everyone.
I think some books, music, movies, magazines, etc. should not be removed from the shelves. I say this because what @ MONTH1 is offensive to one person @ MONTH1 is hardly offensive to another. There are many types of books, movies, and even music that have a story, it's @ MONTH1 to be offensive, but for a certain race or culture, that's history. Whether @ MONTH1 is historical or even informative for one person will be offensive to the other and vice versa. If everyone had the chance to go to the largest library created and pick up something that @ MONTH1 would be offensive to them, I think the library would have little or no books. Katherine said: "And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us." which means that if parents or teenagers took " offensive " material from the shelves, there would be nothing left. A lot of things are offensive because of religious beliefs, but not everyone has the same religion or even religion at all. Just as religion should not be taught in public schools, censorship should not be allowed in public libraries. If the censorship has taken place in public libraries, I'm sure there will be protests and maybe riots because of this censorship. People said @ PERSON2 was a bad man, well if we take books and movies off the shelves showing what he did I think history is more likely to repeat itself. A lot has been bad in the history we read today like gangs if we don't read the bad they do or see the movies to show what it would be like if you were a member of a gang, would there be an increase in gang activity and membership? that's why I think we shouldn't take away books, magazines, movies, etc. shelves
I think libraries should provide the public with all kinds of books, magazines, music, and movies, even if they are deemed offensive. First, to support my position, we have to take into consideration that each person is different, and therefore reads and prefers different types of books and magazines. The same applies for watching movies and listening to music. Second, what @ MONTH1 seems " offensive " to one person @ MONTH1 is fine for another, so the term " offensive " is ambiguous in this case. There is no need for an angry public or strikes. Finally, I believe people have a free choice when choosing what types of books and magazines to read, types of movies to watch, and types of music to listen to. After all, it is for their own benefit, entertainment, and learning. Thus, libraries should not remove anything offensive from their shelves that is deemed offensive. First, we have to take into consideration that each person is different and therefore prefers different types of material provided by a library. For example, one person @ MONTH1 enjoys reading philosophical books and the other @ MONTH1 enjoys reading romantic comedy books. If philosophical books were to be taken off the shelves by those in charge of the library, then the person who loves philosophy will have nothing to read. Yes, there are magazines and films to watch on philosophy, but they are experienced and learned differently than reading the book from @ ORGANIZATION2 or @ CAPS1 from @ ORGANIZATION3. I had an experience similar to this with my friend. She preferred horror movies, and I preferred the historical ones. The horror movie she was looking for wasn't in the library, and later it turned out that the library didn't have any kind of horror movie because they weren't popular in this city. . My friend was not happy. The library had historical films, but I ended up watching them on my own. Thus, libraries should not have to remove any type of material that might offend the public. Second, the term " offensive " in this case is ambiguous, which means it has multiple meanings. What @ MONTH1 seems “ offensive ” to one person @ MONTH1 does not seem offensive to another. An example : a magazine cover @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 @ MONTH1 is offensive to a child because of the picture and the words " adults " to the child. However, that same @ MONTH1 blanket is interesting for a young adult because he @ MONTH1 enjoys surfing, tanning or @ CAPS2. Offensive is only used in the first part, but not in the second, and the same material has been used. So, should we delete this magazine? I do not think so. The solution is for the child to look at @ CAPS4, @ ORGANIZATION1 or @ CAPS5 magazines. The library should provide a section for @ ORGANIZATION1 so that they can read the appropriate material. Finally, I believe that people have a free choice when choosing which books to read, what kind of movies to watch, and what types of music to listen to. They should be allowed to do so because of their differences and their definition of “ offensive ”. People shouldn't be forced to read the same type of book, watch the same type of movies, or listen to the same type of music. They should have the choice to choose the material provided by the library that matches their personality. After all, the materials they see, read, or listen to are for their own benefit, learning, and entertainment. The main goal is for them to be happy with what the library has to offer. In conclusion, I believe that libraries should not remove any material that is deemed offensive from their shelves. This is due to different people, the ambiguous term for " offensive ", the for the sake of human development. Libraries are used for studying, learning and entertainment in a quiet and peaceful place. They should not discourage people from stopping learning about the world, as this would lead to a bigger and more serious global problem: lack of education.
“We can all think of a book that we hope none of our children or other children have taken off the shelves. But if I have the right to take this book off the shelf - this job that I hate - then you have the exact same right and everyone else too. And then we have no more books on the shelves. ' (Paterson) Katherine Paterson thinks that if she can grab a book off the shelves, she doesn't like anyone who can. It should be the right way, but I don't agree. I don't think people should be able to take a book off the shelves just because they find it offensive. They don't have to take the book. I don't believe there should be censorship in libraries. If people find a book offensive, they don't need to look at it or check it. Other people might appreciate this book. Loving a book is an opinion. For example, if someone doesn't like your outfit, you're probably not going to burn it or throw it away because that's just one person's opinion. This is the way it is with movies, books, music and magazines. Everyone likes something different, so their books should be different. When you don't like a book, I think the only time it would be right for you to take that book off the shelf would be if it was in your house. Then you can take that book off the shelf and throw it away or whatever you want to do with that book. If the whole town votes to get rid of a book and ninety-five percent vote to get rid of that book, I think that would be good. You can't just think of yourself when it comes to public matters, you have to think of the whole community. I read an article about banning '@ PERSON2' in schools, I didn't think that would be a good idea. '@ PERSON2' was one of the most chosen books by high school students. If parents didn't like their children reading it, they should have told them not to read it. I don't think it's fair for parents to go to school and say they didn't like this book and take it off the shelf. It's not fair to other readers who like to read '@ PERSON2 @ PERSON2'. Which book to read depends on your opinion so you don't have to read a book you don't like. People all like different books, so it's not fair that they can't read the book they like just because other people don't like the book. What if someone doesn't like a book you like? Would they just be able to pull it off the shelf
Do you believe that certain documents, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should be taken off the shelves if they are found to be offensive ? No, I don't think so. Simply because if a person is offended by a book and / or materials in a library, someone else will argue because they like the thing that has been moved for that person's beliefs and values. I believe if you don't like what's in the library you go to, don't go back, or just keep to yourself at least don't make a scene. There is a lot of rife racism in books, songs, and magazines, but no one takes it away. You don't listen to it or you don't read it. If you want to protest something that is not in your beliefs or something that offends you, then go for it. It's good to defend yourself. I remember when I was around @ NUM1 I went to a hotel in @ LOCATION1 with family @ CAPS4 and a family friend. And the @ CAPS4 guy the dad invited to come over was @ PERSON1. He's not racist but he jokes about the way people dress and he gets out of hand at times with @ CAPS6's comments about racist names but we condone him. So we will be checking in at the hotel and the check-in and check-out person at the counter was @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2. We pay our room without problem and we wait patiently for @ PERSON1 to get up and ask for a room. @ CAPS4 dad asked him what he was doing, because he was just standing there looking at the person behind the counter. @ PERSON1 looks at us and smiles, then takes a brochure out of the @ CAPS6 shoulder bag and hands it to the girl behind the counter. @ CAPS3 I have no idea what the brochure said or what kind of pictures it contained, but when he handed it to her she dropped it, looked at him with tears in her eyes and flipped it over and then walked back and got this man. As this rather tall man walks around the counter towards @ PERSON1 @ CAPS4, the father enters the picture. @ CAPS4 dad starts talking to the guy but he doesn't seem to notice @ CAPS4 dad because he was so focused on @ PERSON1. @ PERSON1 said: '@ CAPS3 look, I was joking with the girl, she must learn to play a joke.' @ CAPS4 mom takes me with my @ CAPS4 brothers to our room and tries to bring @ CAPS4 dad with us instead, he promises us he will be right away. A good half hour later, @ CAPS4's dad comes through the door with @ PERSON1 up close. I asked them what was on the paper he gave to the lady, and @ CAPS4's dad said it was an AIDS brochure he got from a rest area. I looked @ PERSON1 and I said: '@ CAPS5 did you give this to him?' @ CAPS6's response was okay @ CAPS7, a lot of people have AIDS, but it's kind of a side joke about "blacks" and AIDS. So I didn't really pay attention to him anymore and talked to @ CAPS4's dad. @ CAPS4 dad said the reason @ CAPS5 was so upset was because his mother had passed away from AIDS just over a year ago. Which of course @ PERSON1 never knew all that. But I'm sure he learned the lesson @ CAPS6. He should have left her alone. So you see these things are a problem but no one has taken us away. We stayed there all weekend. Sure, she and @ PERSON1 exchanged hateful looks, but we looked past that, and she moved on with her life. I still don't think you should have to delete something just because someone else doesn't like it
Do I think documents, such as books, music, movies, and magazines should be removed from the book shelf if they are found to be offensive ? Yeah, I do that because why keep it there if it's offensive to young kids and others. If it has nothing to do with learning, then it shouldn't be there. These are things that children should read, so if they want to put material designed for adults, they should put it in a separate section of the children's section. They shouldn't have music or movies with violent elements because kids these days have a lot of violence just the way it is. So I think you should put books, music, movies, and magazines on the shelves only if they contain learning elements and things that would persuade them to do so in their life.
There are different types of books, films, magazines, and tape recorders in libraries. Books can be fiction or non-fiction. However, books or any other item may be offensive to people, but to others it is just a book to read. Therefore, libraries should not remove books or other items from shelves. Who chooses the books, films, magazines and tape recorders ? The answer is the library patrons. The authors of the books or articles did not. The authors gave the decision to choose between books or objects. No one can blame the perpetrators. In addition, there are different types and types of writers or artists. Writers and artists have taken their time to complete a novel or series to read or hear. People shouldn't take it seriously about books or other sources as it can be non-fiction and fiction. My next example that libraries shouldn't remove items from the shelf is that it might offend someone but not others. For example, slavery may offend a person of color, but for others it is only a historical event. People need to know what happened in the past with historical events. People should read the introduction before reading the book to find out whether they like it or not. Hence, people should not try to delete it. If a child reads a book and his parents let him or her, it is the parents' fault. This is the fault because the parents let their child check the articles. Also, if a person has a problem with books or any other source, then complain, but libraries shouldn't take it off the shelf. Like I said before, one person might not like the book or some other source, but another person might like it. Libraries allow people to consult books or other sources, not remove books or other sources from shelves.
Why is censorship important in libraries? Why should we care if there is any censorship at all? I am here to share with you today my views and opinions on censorship at the library. When you walk into a library I guess you would expect a public space where you can read books and browse through them, but what happens when you browse through those books and find something offensive ? How do you act and what should you do? In my opinion, censorship is good but is only used when needed. Censorship prevents children and young adults from viewing things that are only adult eyes, like horror books, offensive music, and in most cases, pornography. Censorship in the library is an important role because anyone can go to a library and pick up any book, but when you have an adults only section for books, movies, music, etc. bad things. For example, if twelve-year-old @ PERSON1 walks into a library and finds a video game with large amounts of violence, he can check it out and play the game without his parents knowing about the incident. With censorship, we eliminate such problems. Now, like I said before, censorship is okay when needed because censorship can get carried away too. In reality, it's the parents' fault that explains why kids do things like let kids listen to music with big swears or full access to a personal computer. These kinds of things create problems for parents as well as for those around them. When I say censorship is ok when it's needed, I mean people are censoring important information on account of an event that happened in the past. Another example, if you are in ninth grade and you walk into a library for a movie @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 but this is to illustrate the student is blocked for a source and needs to access a computer. Now that you have my opinions and beliefs, you can better understand what I mean. Censorship is a good thing, but it can also be a bad thing. I believe that if censorship is properly controlled, it can become a powerful tool in any library, school, and even at home. Censorship gets out of hand sometimes, but we maintain that we can use it for a lot of things and have a great community as well as a country. In essence, the censorship is acceptable in its breadth and you should also believe it just because if you think long enough you can see what I see as well.
Some of the most interesting books I have ever read are offensive in one way or another. I have even read some excellent books that offend me. If we didn't have books and stories that offend us, then we would never really find out what offends us. This is why I don't think any books, magazines, music or anything of that nature that @ MONTH1 is found to be in any way offensive should be taken off the shelves. If you think about it, almost any book can be offensive or hurt your feelings. It just depends on what you think of what has been written. Something that is offensive to a person or a group of people @ MONTH1 should not be deemed offensive by another person or a group of people. If we removed all the books from the shelves that someone said offended them, then there would be no more books. Writing is something you do when you want to express how you feel or tell a story about yourself or someone else. Some @ MONTH1 authors do this in a very offensive way. Others @ MONTH1 are trying to figure out what they think about a person or a certain idea. Either way, you might always find something in the handwriting to be offensive. In conclusion, I think books that are found to be offensive or hurtful should be left on the shelves because if we took them all out there wouldn't be a very wide selection of books left.
Many places display and sell offensive material. It is found almost everywhere. A lot of people try to protect their kids from it, but the truth is, if kids really want to watch it, they're going to find a way. So I don't think all offensive material should be taken off the shelves, but sometimes things can offend more than one person in which case they should be removed @ MONTH1. Take the music for example, there are @ MONTH1 explicit lyrics in the songs, but that doesn't make them terrible or worth taking off the shelves. Music is everywhere and if someone tells you that you can't listen to it in a few words, they will find a way to listen to it. @ MONTH1 movies are different. For some you have to be a certain age and that's because of the offensive material. But some people are still going to see it knowing that there will be offensive material in there, but they are going to see it and then complain about how offensive it was. Movies should not be taken off the shelves as it is your choice whether or not you want to watch them and if you choose not to, there will always be someone who chooses to watch them. The @ MONTH1 books are the only exception. A lot of people read books and a lot of people enjoy it, but a lot of people find the books offensive. Now, with music and movies, people know they're not real, just talk or act. But some books are written by people with the actual beliefs they are writing about. that is why some books can be taken off the shelves, because if a person believes something, it will not be difficult to convince someone else. There is a big difference between choosing not to watch or listening to something and being told that you cannot watch something. All things that show explicit material have some type of disclaimer and whether you choose to keep reading or listening it's up to you.
In my opinion, censorship in libraries is not a good idea. Nowadays, the library has a lot of offensive language in its books, so if someone were to remove all the books like that from the library, the library wouldn't even have so many books in it. Music is the same way that all music these days can contain offensive words, it's just something that people have to get over these days. I think library censorship is not a good idea. Some parents might not like the idea of their libraries having offensive language in books, music, movies, and magazines. If the parent doesn't want their kids not to read these books, they have to choose their children's book, but I think taking all the offending books off the shelves isn't very smart. Some people like to read and listen to this kind of music. Some of the best books and music these days have bad stuff like drugs, language, sex, gangs, and more, but sometimes books like this can teach you how to prevent that from happening. So if you take those books off the shelves and you are not able to listen to this music, maybe your child could do some of these things. They really wouldn't know the side effects and the bad things that could come with it. Some of the best books and music have offensive content and why wouldn't you let your kid read them because of a few choice words. I know some of this content can be bad for people, but sometimes it can teach you a tremendous lifetime. If there are any books that you don't want to read on your own, don't read them. I think it would be unfair to take away anything that has bad language or maybe racism just because you think it's not good for your child to read. It's not fair for people who @ MONTH1 enjoy these books not to have the luxury of reading these books anymore because some parents have gone crazy about a book. Some of the old books have a lot of racism in them, and you read some @ MONTH1 in a school for a class. These @ MONTH1 books also contain foul language. Take away what these books from us @ MONTH1 take away are education, and we will not be able to learn from these books as we should. So I think the censorship in the library is just a horrible idea. This can take away lessons we could learn and are the education we need to be successful in life.
Censorship in libraries is very controversial. Many people believe it is the right thing to do while many others strongly disagree with it. Censorship should not happen in libraries for several reasons. Everyone has freedom of expression in @ LOCATION1 and when books are taken off the shelves because they are considered offensive, you take away that right. Authors have the right to express themselves and the right to have their works also recognized by the public. Censorship is acceptable under certain circumstances, but what is censored should not be decided by the government. First of all, freedom of speech is very important to the people at @ LOCATION1. If this freedom were to be taken away, it would certainly not go unnoticed. When books, music, films and magazines are censored, the author's freedom of expression is diminished. For example, what if an atheist wrote a book that said @ CAPS1 was not real? Many @ CAPS2 would like to remove this book from the shelves of all libraries. Just because a group of people don't like the subject, message, or theme of a book doesn't mean they have to pull out of a library. A library is a place where all books have a chance to be read, not a place where people can choose what they want because of their beliefs. Second, authors have the right to express their thoughts and to have their works recognized by the public as well. Of course, there will be books that are more popular than others, but at the same time there will also be books that will be overlooked not because of the quality of the writing but because of the subject that the author has chosen. to treat. There is no reason for an entire community to ignore an author's work just because a large group of people disagree with what they are saying. In that little group of people who weren't trying to get rid of this book, you would find a number of people who would read the book. Just because a majority does not like the subject of the book does not mean that the minority should have the book withdrawn. The author has the right to what he has written and must have the possibility of having his work recognized. Finally, censorship can also be a good thing in certain circumstances. It just depends on how the censorship is used. For example, many parents do not want their children to read, listen to, or watch certain things. The child's parents should be able to decide what a child can read, listen to or watch, not a large group of people. Many parents have different standards and what some parents find acceptable for their children @ MONTH1 scares others. Thus, there could never be a standard set for what is acceptable and not acceptable without creating a great amount of controversy. Once that child becomes an adult, he has full rights to decide what he wants from a library. However, there should be some limitations. For example, a person must be seventeen years of age or older to rent a movie rated " @ CAPS3 ". This is the same age a person must be to enter a movie rated '@ CAPS3' without parental supervision. Some of the age limits throughout society should be set in libraries, but other than that the decisions should be left to the person. Censorship in libraries will always change. Sometimes it will be in effect while at other times it will not. The folks at @ LOCATION1 have freedom of expression and removing books from libraries partially takes away that right. The author should have the right to have his book also recognized by the public and kept on the shelves. Censorship should be decided by the person themselves and should not be decided for them. Parents should have a say in what their children read and should not have this decision made by others
Have you ever been looking for a book to find it in all the local stores ? Well, I wasn't unlucky enough to be in this situation, but I could only imagine the sheer distress of wanting but not finding this book controversial. Personally, I think a young adult should be able to read any book or newspaper article they want. Just because a book is found to be offensive or disturbing to most is not a reason to ban the book completely from store and library shelves, because if there is @ CAPS5 someone who could benefit from reading of this book, then she should at least have a chance to get that information. One of the most important things to remember when considering this topic is that no matter what the source is or what it conveys, there will always be someone who thinks the book is just a chart of hits. close to home so that he can stand up. In other cases, however, there are books that are not suitable for young children or the faint of heart , such as the " The @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 " series of books in which people are thrown into an arena and forced into a fight. for their own good. Lives. Most people over the age of twelve can handle almost any publicly available “ offensive source ”, but there are some cases that @ CAPS5 adults cannot handle, such as the famous book @ PERSON1 wrote while incarcerated called “ "@ CAPS3 @ CAPS4. ' @ CAPS5 in these extreme cases most adults can read. Now that my point has been said and you know my take is that it varies from person to person if they can handle a book, I'm asking if you feel the same as I do. My main reason for this conclusion is that if someone thinks a book is too offensive, they should just avoid that book. We live in @ LOCATION1 the land of the free, I think we can argue a bit about a book or a magazine. I hope that in the future, as a nation, we can overcome these little setbacks caused by overreacting to something offensive. I believe that one day we will see that no books will come off the shelves, so that our children @ MONTH1 acquire the knowledge contained in these fragile pages of paper.
I thank that all books and movies and more shouldn't be censored because people have the right to not see what they don't want or don't see. They need to learn from books so people can learn from history and the @ CAPS1 @ NUM1 war will happen again. Libraries are free to read what you want and to research. In newspapers and magazines people don't like what is going on in @ CAPS1 or people whether it's bad or not, because no how it can't happen to them some people thank people don't read look at something but do they have to say what can they own dishes there
I can think of several books that I would not want one of my children to take and read. As soon as I saw what I was going to write about this one, I flashed in my head like lighting. The book chosen by @ CAPS1 is called '@ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4.' The book '@ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4' is about a young girl who grew up without a father. His mother never wanted to talk about him because she knew it would only make things worse. The girl grew up dreaming of being daddy's little girl. That's all she wanted out of life. She sat down and thought it was just a little too much to ask for. After a few years, she had finally had the courage to go hunting for the father. She went there on her own, leaving her mother behind. Her mother always told herself that her father wasn't cooking anything good. That she would be better off without him there. But, she went hunting for her father by faith in the Lord. After saying many prayers to the Lord, she finally thought about it. She comes from @ MOIS1 knew what this hunt was going to take. So she went to see her @ CAPS9, hoping that she @ MONTH1 just had the answers. That she needed to resolve her grief and her pain. That she could just walk @ CAPS4 knowing that somewhere in the world her father would be waiting for her. It was just before the sun started to set, when she noticed an old little southern bell. Sitting on the porch in a wooden rocking chair. She walked over to her @ CAPS9 and kissed her forehead, tears in her eyes. Her @ CAPS9 said "now honey why do you gotta cry". @ CAPS8, with a lump in her throat, she asked "do you know where @ MONTH1 finds my dad ?" @ CAPS9 replied yes ! Dear, @ CAPS2 is lying in bed. It was then that her face began to glow. She went to the old cottage to find her father lying on the bed writing to her. She was nervous, but with the help of her @ CAPS9, she sat down and spoke with her dad. Her father told her that she wrote him a letter every day. That's @ NUM1 letters per year. She told her father that I had never received a letter from you in all my life. It was then that she realized that @ MONTH1 was the reason her mother had never let her check mail. After @ NUM2 years have passed, she has finally found her father. The truth was her dad @ CAPS3 walked out of his daughter's life because mom didn't want him to be a part of her life. She did whatever it took to keep them apart, even if it meant going against the orders of the law. The father explained that her mother needed her to take care of her because she was a drug addict at the time. At the time, there was nothing @ CAPS2 could do to take daughter @ CAPS4 from her mother. I chose this book because when I was young my father did the same to me. @ CAPS2 left me and I never had the chance to know my family. The pain of growing up without mom or dad is tuff. You cry a lot of tears and try to fill the holes in your heart. Sometimes the bleeding always seems to find its way. After reading the book I always wondered why they called her her. They called her her because she took the blame for her father who walked out of her life. Many children grow up without a mom or dad. There is now a higher percentage of single parent families than before. Just like in the book, most children are blamed for the absence of a parent. If I could take this book off the shelf then I would because no child needs to remember the pain they've been through. Would you do the same if you were taking care of your child ? All these kids want is to know that they are loved and that someone cares about them. If you want to have this type of books, there must be a form that parents need to fill out to give permission. If they're over age, that's fine. They're at an age where they should be able to handle it, than going through those feelings on their own.
Do you think that certain documents, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., are offensive ? Support your position with compelling arguments drawn from your own experience, observations and / or readings. I think if it's a book you don't think you have, if it's not for an age group, don't buy it. Some libraries have books that are not at all suitable for children, they have sections for adults and children to consult books. Some libraries need book monitors to guide and set up certain types of books. The library is a place with all types of books, so you should go to your own section and check your type of book. When I first went to the library I didn't know which book to buy, so the librarian should do my section showing me my age group. At that time, I was reading books suitable for my age, magazines that didn't interest me too much, I just wanted to read a whole book. In conclusion, whenever you need a good book or check out your section, make sure the book is right for you and feed your mind with knowledge.
Censorship In a library, there is a plethora of books to choose from. Books ranging from children to difficult adults. It's good to know that you have a lot of options and the freedom to choose which book you want to read. Censorship is the censorship of a piece of material so that it is not legally or publicly available. If a book were censored for its content, it would call into question other books or media that relate to it. I believe that if books, magazines, movies, etc. were censored in a library, the material would not stand a chance of being exposed to people. Some people write books and songs to express themselves or to earn money. If a book is removed from a library, other libraries will have to remove it as well, and other libraries will not purchase it. Some people just want to express their ideas and share their message with other people. Censorship somehow stops the flow of what people are learning. Another part of censorship is knowing where to draw the line of what is offensive enough to be censored. If a book is pulled from the library for its content, people will be asking why it was pulled. It makes people wonder what other books are offensive as well. The reason why a book is deleted can be related to another book and can also lead to the deletion of that one. Since censorship is probably mostly opinion, there's no clear line between what can stay on the shelf and what can't. With censorship, you only deprive people of freedom of the press. If a publisher accepts a medium only to be censored later, it may mean that we need new publishers, or that they are also interested in bringing what people have to say to the world known. The censorship limit is very stubborn and should not be dictated by one group. When a book is taken down, it only challenges others. These are my beliefs about censorship in the library
A library is a place to go when you need seclusion and peace to research or read. There is no reason other than someone's opinion why certain materials should be removed from libraries. We the people have the right to read what others have composed through their thoughts and ideas. Some @ MONTH1 materail would be offensive to different people, but to others who might use this @ MONTH1 materail for research or reading pleasure, would not be fair. If certain records were deleted due to someone's action with respect to a personal or religious opinion, then those records would no longer be available to those who needed to have that information. Did anyone give any thought when asking for some offensive material to be removed ? If people did, they would realize that someone had to go to great lengths to get this information out to the world. How do you think this author would feel? You've just seen their best work taken off the shelves because you think it's offensive. How would you feel if some at your best complained that libraries can't put this on their shelves because it's offensive. There have been certain documents that I have listened to or read that I think might be offensive to some people, but it is the media that writes society as we read it. Some of these people @ MONTH1 have certain religions that say they can't read or listen to certain things. Maybe not even look at some materials but others it could be a part of life. We cannot just remove documents from library shelves. This material is the blood of our society. If you cut off the blood flow bad things will happen after that. For anyone reading this, remember that what we produce as media is who we are, what we do, and what we live for.
Why the @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 censorship ? In our day to day life, we come across many things that can be offended. Some of these things we might not even realize, but they are there. Not everyone wants kids to jump into the wrong things from the start, but we know it will happen eventually. We just need to teach our kids what @ CAPS1 is good for and what @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 is. This also applies to literary articles. We need to have confidence in our children that they will do what @ CAPS1 does correctly. I think when they are old enough they should be able to read books and listen to music which might be offensive. I think we shouldn't get rid of all the offensive material in libraries. These days @ CAPS1 has a lot of hard work in music, movies, and books. If we start to get rid of all the offensive material, a lot of people will inherently be offended. The people who worked on the film or wrote this book put a lot of time and effort into the play. They spent countless hours working with others just to get the article published or trying to get someone to film their idea for a movie. I think it would be wrong to dismiss pieces of great literature because behind all of them is @ CAPS1 someone who put a lot of effort into this material. In every book you pick up today, you can go through it and find offensive language or offensive gestures in it. The @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5 @ CAPS1 is a very detailed book and contains a lot of interesting facts, but many people find it offensive because it says that @ PERSON2 had a wife and children. This book doesn't tell you what to believe or what really happened, it's @ CAPS1 just a story full of conspiracy theories. You can still believe whatever you want and read this book. A movie that could be considered offensive just by the title @ CAPS1 @ CAPS6 @ CAPS7 Can't @ CAPS8. Lots of people hear this title and @ MONTH1 doesn't want to watch it, thinking it will discriminate against @ CAPS6, but instead @ CAPS1 is a really good movie about a group of people playing basketball. Lots of things have offensive language, but that doesn't mean we can't act like adults, read these books, and realize these are just stories. They don't tell you what to believe and what not to believe. In our country today, we have many different ethnic groups, and many people think of it differently. In our society, we are given the right to have our own opinion on things, and we can like whatever we want. Even though literature can be offensive, some people enjoy reading books like this. If I looked in the library I might find a book with offensive material, but the book could still be a really good book. Even though @ CAPS1 disparaging me, I might still like the book. There is always the @ CAPS1 controversy in our society, and almost everyone loves it. Why get rid of those pounds when people still appreciate them everyday. As Katherine Paterson said, if she's allowed to take a book off the shelf, then everyone else does. If we let everyone take the books off the shelves, there won't be any more. We cannot control everything people do. Removing offensive books from the library won't stop people from reading them, but it will decrease library usage and people will slowly stop reading. If they don't like the books in the library, they'll have no problem not reading at all. I think censorship in our libraries would be an idea @ CAPS2, and I think we definitely shouldn't remove all offensive material in libraries
Books, books and more books. There are so many of these back-bound papers filled with everything from @ CAPS1 life basics, to stories that capture the minds of loyal readers and take them to worlds far and far. If we were to take all the books in the world and align them perfectly, we would be able to create a bridge of knowledge and information far enough away to circle the moon twice and vice versa. The problem is that with all this @ CAPS1 and this knowledge, there are young minds who are not yet ready to absorb it all. There is no bad @ CAPS1. There are only people who are not yet ready for the @ CAPS1 that they are about to get. So, should we censor these materials which open doors to new mentalities and feelings such as books, music, magazines and films ? This answer is yes. First of all, there is a certain degree of modesty and curiosity that should be preserved in children. Children must be thirsty for knowledge to become great learners and intelligent minds. If the @ CAPS1 given to them doesn't come in the chronological order of importance in which it should, it will poison their minds and turn them into something they weren't ready to become yet. Second, @ CAPS1 introduced to children too early can harm them physically. Children are born with the instinct to repeat what they observe. This is a primary instinct that humans will have forever and is essential for living life. Take films for example. If a child watches movies that involve sexual themes and actions, it can be very harmful to them physically. If a child experiences these things too soon, he will just want to repeat what he has seen. So what's next? The answer to this question is easy. There will be more teenage mothers than are needed. Finally, premature @ CAPS1 can be mentally damaging. Take music for example. Music is an even greater gateway to mental damage than movies. It is simply the result of bad censorship. Many think that music is not as bad as movies because you can't see anything visually, but they are wrong. The music is even worse because children can imagine what they want based on what is said in the lyrics. There must be stricter restrictions on music. Restrictions such as the purchase age should be increased. This is pretty much the only way to block explicit content. In conclusion, there should be better censorship restrictions on certain materials. But I don't believe that materials that @ MONTH1 are harmful or offensive should be removed in their entirety. Quite simply because adults have the right to see these documents. Libraries around the world must improve their restrictions, even their laws, to stop poisoning the minds of our young people. We, the people as a whole, need to come together to make this happen. After all, children are the future of our world
No, I don't believe there are any materials that need to be removed. I believe that people should be able to have freedom of expression. I also think that if anyone has something in mind, they should be able to say it. I always tell people to think what you say and to say what you think. Now, if her young children get magazines and movies with inappropriate material, then yes they should be censored or they should not be placed in places where younger ones can reach them.
Honestly, I don't think anything offensive should be taken out of libraries, kids don't really know what these offensive things mean. The library is the only good place to find information or to find a book they like. If you take things that @ MONTH1 seem offensive to people ; people are going to have a hard time finding facts or whatever they need. People use offensive things all the time, but not everyone intends to insult anyone in any way. The library does not intentionally insult people. The library just gives us facts about what we need to know about a person or something like that. Some people just don't know how to be mature when it comes to things like that and if they can't be mature about things like that then they don't need to be in the library. I would understand if the intention was to insult someone but it wasn't, then why should magazines, movies, books, music be taken out of the library. It is just not fair to other people when they are trying to get information. Slavery is an offensive thing to people of color because people of color call themselves names that I will not say in this essay. Most people have matured over the years on what has happened in the past. Honestly I think people will be okay they don't need to warp because they see something offensive, they just need to know it wasn't done intentionally
I firmly believe that books containing offensive material should be removed from the library. You also don't agree to say something and something your child has found in the library says so. and if you were to talk to your kids about not smoking and how it is bad for them and could potentially kill them, would you like your kid to say i can smoke because all the characters in the book smoke ? No, it is not fair, it is simply wrong. They should not allow these kinds of books, music, movies or magazines in the library. In high school our parents told us that we shouldn't smoke, do drugs, or anything like that. Sometimes it can be hard to believe the things your parents told you about and how harmful they are to you and your body and would lead to a difficult life later on. The movie we're watching today is about the use of drugs, how cool they are, and how they had fun driving a stolen car. it's wrong to talk about them that way because it makes teens think they can do it and that nothing bad is going to happen. The media does a bad job of showing teens that it is not fair to do the things they see on television. The library set a bad example by allowing these kinds of books to sit on the shelves and think that people can read them and not offend them. I was reading a book that was about how they think it's okay to act racistically against other people, say mean things, and treat them with a bad name. I really took that offensive because I wouldn't want someone to insult me and say bad things about me because they think it's okay to say things like that and act that way. If the books say all of these things and the readers really believe them, then we might have a problem in our hands because some people would take offense and cause a big problem on a little book and some readers might think it is. well and even cause a big problem between people who take it offensive and those who don't take it offensive. There are people who think it is normal for these kinds of books to be in the library and others who think it is wrong and offensive. My personal point of view is that I think it's not good to have these kinds of books in the library. We tell people how wrong it is to do bad things and how much we hate certain things that are offensive to us, but it says in the book that it is normal for these things to happen or that it is just use that foul language. I just think it's wrong to say that stuff in the movies. music, books or magazines can be in the library while being alone among the people themselves.
what do I think of all this? Is it for me that I really don't care because that's like who I am. And it's up to parents if they want to take books off the shelves if they think certain material like books, music, movies, and magazines should be taken off the shelves. Plus, I don't think a book can ever really hurt anyone. I mean, it's just a book that doesn't really matter. Then I say this because I wouldn't be really offending things like this argument. And also if there are some things that the kids shouldn't know, then they should put them in the adult section and not somewhere where they can easily find them. They shouldn't put things you think kids should never know in the kids section. Question of fat, I don't know why they should remove stuff like a movie. Because if they try to block them, the kids see that they are really stupid to do so. Because there are movies that kids can watch. And some parents won't let their kids watch @ CAPS1 @ NUM1 movies and other movies they weren't meant to see at their age. Unless their parents allow it. And the same goes with music. I don't know if they have bad music in the library. I don't see any rap stuff in the library like raps @ CAPS2 and other stuff like that. So here is my thoughts on those arguments
yes i think they should take the fencing books off the shelf because not many people will read the books so they will probably be misinterpreted. And if the books were mean, they would think it was fair.
Censorship is a big controversy in modern society due to the number of opinions conveyed by all the new media in the modern world. When a person has an opinion, they tend to want to share it with the world or to defend it against those who oppose their opinion. Some people don't always like what is said or take offense at the way it is presented, which causes the government, or any authority, to remove or replace those words, photos, words or films from an audience. selected, like children. , or the general public. It is censorship and it has sparked a lot of debate about what is acceptable in society's media. I think the censorship is bad. This violates the peoples' right of free expression @ CAPS1. When a person has an opinion, he has the right to express it as he wishes. The authorities should in no way be involved in what someone writes, sings, creates, etc. Censorship takes away the integrity and purity of a human's thoughts. Who should say what can and cannot be said? Are we just letting the government tell us what we can say and what is illegal? Do we stop expressing ourselves the way we want because it's not appropriate? No. We as a people must be free to say whatever we want in our stories and songs, as well as in movies and other media. If a person does not like what he sees, he can turn away from it or he has the right to denounce it in his own way; but they do not have the right to oppress. They should respond, get their message across, and try to gain support, not control. Censorship is not good for any society. People want to say what they want and they have a right to do so. Censorship is not a solution to discrimination or anger, it is only fuel. If parents don't like something and don't want their children to experience it, then don't take it away from them, then they should tell them why it is ' wrong ' and give them their opinion and reasons. for the child @ MONTH1 to decide what they believe in themselves. An opinion is the right of every human being and it belongs to him, not to the authorities.
Have you ever walked into the library hoping to find a good book and picked up a very rude and inappropriate article ? Were you disappointed at what the kids could easily find, or did you just put it back on the shelf just thinking it wasn't your style of book ? In this essay, I would like to discuss both views on these censored books and why I think they should be censored. All over the world people are very different. In color, race, size, shape and personality, there isn't one person on the planet who is exactly like the other, so why would they all have the same interest in reading or music? Some @ MONTH1 enjoy a romantic romance that makes your heart beat while @ CAPS1 prefer the thrill of a horror story. Either way, everyone has their own opinion on what makes a good book. The same arises in the question of whether or not censored articles should be allowed in a public library. A lot of @ MONTH1 say yes, people have a right to choose what they @ MONTH1 or @ MONTH1 don't watch or listen to : "If you don't like the style in which the article is presented, don't take it. " @ CAPS1 @ MONTH1 says no, "The library is meant to be a safe haven where they don't have to worry about children seeing and hearing things they shouldn't." In my opinion, I think the parent figure is correct, although I can also understand the opposite opinion. As for the opposite opinion, I can understand why you @ MONTH1 think censored items are acceptable in libraries. If it is a personal choice of how the author writes the book and always makes a great story, I think the book is fine as long as it is not within the reach of a child. . Many people have different ideas of what censorship means and there could be the consequence of losing many pounds, but there are always consequences to every choice, good or bad. In my personal experience, I took my ten year old sister to the library to watch a movie and some books. She is very learned and understands things quickly. Also, when she found a book she found interesting @ MONTH1. The book turned out to be full of swear words and curses. Think about it, what would you say to your child who just learned a few curses from a place you thought was a safe environment ? To me, it's ridiculous having to search every book, cd, movie or magazine for profanity to make sure it's safe for my sister to read ! Children these days have changed dramatically in their attitudes, language and reactions to things and I think a lot of the why is because of what they assimilate through the materials of the world. If the books and the music they read and listen to is offensive and rude, what else would they know but to follow the lines of something " cooler " than them. Therefore, I believe that there should not be any censored books in a library and parents should have the right to request that they be removed. When I sit down and realize what I would like my kids to read and listen to, I wonder why people might even risk the fact that their child might be negatively influenced by this. Why tempt them to be someone who reflects blasphemy and offense when they could be so much more? Parents should do all they can to make their children the best possible person and believe they have the right to protect their children from not reaching their full potential. So in the end the books should be censored!
Some books are not suitable for children. They could create an adult section that includes books that are not censored. These books should not be read aloud by children under @ NUM1 unless their parents or guardians allow them to do so. Some adults don't care what children read, but the library should. I read books at school which were adult books at school. Back in elementary school, I remember looking at a lot of books, but I don't think they were adult books. Some children like to read adult books. It helps their reading skills, but the content of the book does not suit them. Creating a section for adults would help prevent children from reading adult material. I think it should take place in all libraries around the world.
I think as long as the book isn't offensive or bad people should keep reading it. If it's offensive, I think they shouldn't read it at all because it wouldn't be good to read such a thing. I also think if there is bad music it should be taken off the shelves. Parents or teachers wouldn't want children to find out bad words to say
I do believe that some documents should not be in public libraries or in places where young people can see them. Things, such as pornographic material, should not be exposed in the open air where children can see it. I think we would all believe the same when we say kids don't need to see these things. Personally, I've been to a movie rental store and seen movies that my parents wouldn't want me to see. Such material should be stored out of sight and requested if desired. I also have a religious point of view on all of this. I know it is a sin to watch things like porn and therefore the people in charge of the store or library should respect me and my religion. @ PERSON1 in @ CAPS1 says if eating meat trips his brother up, he won't. We have to look the same in life. If something is causing harm to someone else, we shouldn't be doing it. This is a problem that we face every day, and the reason I use pornographic material is that it is everywhere. If I stand in the queue for @ ORGANIZATION1, I see celebrity magazines and find it very offensive ! I will say, however, that if you are old enough to live on your own, you can watch whatever you want. I just find it unbearable to publish these materials if viewers who don't want to see them have to see them.
Do you believe that there are materials in the library that should be removed from the shelves if they are found to be offensive ? I believe that some materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should not be taken off the shelves if they are found to be offensive. Some of my reasoning is very logical and if you were a reader I'm sure you would like to read something real and very interesting. Libraries are all made up of anything you can think of books. Libraries are really for learning and not to offend anyone in any way. The reason I think they shouldn't be deleted is because everyone is equal and not everyone likes to read the same books. There should be some offensive books because I think there are just a lot of kids out there who wouldn't like to pick up a book and have it original and not offensive about them in some way or another. . Books are created to read and have interest, to laugh, to enjoy. Some students at my school I spoke with told me that when they are having a bad day they turn on their music and it helps them because it makes them feel a lot better and the day becomes easier for them. They say they don't need to be depressed or think of something that drove them crazy that day. Well, from my experience with books I can tell you things and sometimes when I was feeling down I grabbed a book. The first time I realized that books are really useful and I'm talking about magazines, music and movies too. Well, to be honest, I'm not a big reader. I love listening to music because sometimes the songs can be about you and make you feel like you are not alone. It also helps you learn to deal with some things that you could never have handled before because it makes you feel relaxed. Just how some of my friends have said they feel relaxed when they read a book. So what I mean is you know and I know that there is music that is very offensive and some books that are. Is it driving us crazy that they are doing this? No it's not, because it really helps us. It helps us by showing us away from our stressful daily life and sometimes you learn from books and songs how other people deal with stress. So you learn a lot of things other than feeling offensive about books or music. As you can see I'm a huge music fan and there were a lot of songs that were offensive but it didn't bother me much. Hope I gave you some kind of shock that music and books shouldn't be removed if they are offensive. It's just that music is amazing for books too, we all need our space sometimes and those two things are just there for us, either to help us learn or to make us feel relaxed and calm. Thank you for reading this and I hope I have convinced you enough with my reasoning. Remember that music and books are a lot of fun and if you've never given them a chance, you should try them out someday. This is the end of my conclusion
No, I don't think books are offensive in libraries. Movies are a different kind of story if your kid is under the age of eighteen, they shouldn't rent a movie rated @ CAPS1 unless their parents approve of it. This is one of the reasons our public library should not have rated @ CAPS1 movies. While I was in our public library one afternoon looking at the selection of movies, trying to decide which movie to choose. There was a little boy, at the age of nine or ten it sounded good to me, but he had two films in hand. They looked really good, it was an action movie, so I asked the boy if I could see the movie real fast. He said yes, so I took it from him and looked at the note because from the headline photo it looked bloody. I noticed it was a @ CAPS1 rated movie, and I told the boy you know it was a @ CAPS1 rated movie and he said yes, I was surprised his parents let him watch movies. movies like this, if I was his age, I never could. My second reason why our public library should get rid of all kinds of swimwear magazines like @ CAPS5 and / or @ CAPS6 magazines. One day I was looking at the magazine rack and noticed magazines like @ CAPS5, swimwear magazines and many more. Do you think your children should not have seen such magazines in our library for the public to see? If a little girl went to the magazine rack and saw this magazine, she would either want to look at it or act like she hadn't even noticed it. At her age she wants someone to admire and if she sees a model on or in the magazine she might want to look like her, this is how eating disorders begin. This is the reason why libraries should get rid of any kind of magazines in this category. This is the reason why I think our local library should get rid of movies and / or magazines classified @ CAPS1 like @ CAPS5 and @ CAPS6. If you agree with me, contact your library and tell them what I told you today. @ MONTH1 we have ended the censorship in our libraries.
There is a type of limit that @ MONTH1 prevents readers from collecting knowledge about certain things in books. This is called censorship. However @ CAPS3 that you @ MONTH1 did not know is that it is thought in every school and every public library. @ CAPS3 would you do if you saw your child reading a book with scary descriptions that are horrific or adult-like for their own good ? This is the question that plagues them every year with new shipments of books. While yes, it sounds terrifying, it is not fair to take books off the shelf for several reasons ; The law of Congress allows us to have freedom of the press, freedom of thought, and the fact that children must learn all they can to be the best they can be. The first of the arguments that can be made is freedom of the press. This law was promulgated in @ CAPS1 of @ CAPS2 and is still in force today. If a person wants to write a book that is not for children, they do so @ MONTH1 without penalties. Children @ MONTH1 read it yes, but that shouldn't be blamed on the author. If so, that person would never receive royalties for their story and no money to support themselves. It's hard to get mad at your kids for learning something wrong, but it's not fair to blame the writer. When it comes to @ CAPS3's arguments about censorship, freedom of thought is on the minds of most people. This is another law that says citizens are allowed to think @ CAPS3 that they want anything. Just like the freedom of the press, an individual can take this adult book and read it. It doesn't matter how old they are. If they are put off by this then by all means let go, however, if they enjoy the reading and the more unique wording than in children's novels, let them keep learning. A child can absorb a lot of things and recall them at times when adults sometimes cannot remember. It's not scientifically proven, but when you're around kids all the time, you notice it. Just like a baby's mind is a sponge, it continues to gather all the information it can possibly get during its pre-teen years. When they're allowed to read any book and not sit in front of a TV screen all day, they learn more. Now someone can come over and say, '@ CAPS3 if the book is a fantasy?'. It is no different. The scenario is not that @ CAPS3 teaches them, it is the words and the way they are used that constitute knowledge. An educated man can sometimes be bound by words when, as if someone who had not done well in school or college read a lot, he was able to use words with great ease. This isn't always the case, but wouldn't you like your own child to look smart when speaking at important events? Overall, it seems like a big waste when censoring books for the public. There can be great things in these books that not everyone can reap. Taking them off the shelf could mean you're hampering someone's ability to learn a new word or grammatical law. If one parent could remove a book from a shelf, another could and soon you would be out of books. It would be a scary day if that happened. Because it would not be something that would go well in our history. Since humanity wrote we have become smarter, removing books from all the shelves would bring us back to primitive beings. So keep books on the shelves even if children are not supposed to read them. Not only because they can learn so much more with a book as a resource, but because the two Acts of Congress say it should be
Some books in the libraries have offended some people. But other people want to read this book. No one has the right to say that this book offended me, so libraries should remove it. If a book offends someone who doesn't understand me, everyone will be offended by that book. My opinion is that they shouldn't delete this book, because some people like to read this book. If anyone does not like this book and this book has offended him, he should not read this book and read what he likes. but do not say that this book should be withdrawn. I think everyone likes different books. The same goes for libraries, but whatever people like to read it.
If everyone in the world could pick up a book, movie, music, etc. constantly because they think it's offensive, is there still something we can enjoy ? Personally, I think if people could do it they would, but is anything that anyone else finds offensive really offensive to you ? No it might not, so does that give that person the right to remove it from the shelf permanently so that no one else can read it ? I don't think anyone has the right to take this item off the shelf because of their own opinion on it. If anyone could do this, would there ever be a uniqueness in people ? I don't think there would be. Just because you think the music someone is listening to is offensive doesn't mean they think the same. Thus, it should not be taken away from this person if they like to listen to it. On the other hand, I understand that some people might listen to music or read books that have offensive language and they wouldn't want children to hear or read that, but that doesn't mean that the music or the book should be removed from the shelf. Ask yourself if you would react the same way to someone using offensive language, what should we do then ? You can just take that person out of the world. So, I guess the point I'm trying to make clear is that just because you think it's offensive and don't like it doesn't mean everyone thinks it. To end my article, I want you to think about what offends you @ MONTH1 and not the same for others.
The content of books in libraries varies in many ways. Some are children's books, some are adult books, and some are in between. Libraries have books that pique the interest of a reader. Not all books are made for a particular age group or gender. This should not mean that a library has to be separated because of the content of the novel, magazines, music or movies. A library is meant to be for anyone who enjoys reading a variety of material, not just a few, as some people don't like the text or meaning of that book, song, or movie. At the library, in our small town, the variations of reading, music and films are distributed. There is a children's section, which has all the books we all grew up with, in half of the building. Also an adults-only section for more important novel topics that teens and young children may not be interested in or that their parents would like them to read. Another good thing is that they have books for people in between like me with teenage books that pique our interest. With the ideas people write about today, we cannot control what comes to mind. Some of the best books that have come out probably have the deepest meanings that some audiences don't prefer to listen to. But that's the great thing is that people have the freedom to go get a book, or magazine, or even @ CAPS1 that they like. When the freedom of what you read is taken away, the reader will stop reading. Don't school admissions want kids to read to improve their test scores? If you take away what they like to read, doesn't that mean they'll stop reading? Doesn't that mean that test scores will go down, either ? In my experience, the topics I've read have been more developed than my mom would like, but the point is, people will read what they want. People don't like to be told no in my personal experience. Deleting topics that are well liked even with words or content from what they read is not fair to readers. I think they shouldn't censor books, music, movies, magazines etc as that would mean libraries would disappear
If something offensive is found in the library, should it be removed from the shelves ? Some people might look at this question and instantly say yes. Others might think nothing of the article and move on. I disagree with those who think the article should be deleted. Instead, I think the item shouldn't be taken down and left on the shelves. As a child, I always went to the children's section of the library to find a book. I avoided the " adult " area. So if my mom found an offensive item on the shelves, she would make sure I didn't see it. I believe that if the parent looks at what their child sees, they won't worry that they see something offensive. However, let's say an adult sees this object and thinks it needs to be removed. She / he has the right to remove this item, but what if, for someone else, this item was exactly what they were looking for ? The world we live in contains many offensive things that we see every day like newspapers, @ CAPS1 programs, billboards, etc. interests of people. That's why we have a bit of everything in our libraries. If there is an offensive book or a bad @ CAPS2 and someone doesn't like it and feels the need to delete it, it's @ CAPS3 but then they don't think about what others might like. I've always heard the saying, "If everyone liked the same thing it would be a boring world." I find this to be quite true. If everyone liked the same thing, let anyone entering the library remove an offensive item. However, if that happens, writers won't want to continue writing books, and singers won't want their @ CAPS4 there if they find out that someone keeps deleting their work. On a related note, people won't want to go to the library if they know they won't find what they want because someone took it out. I disagree with those who think the article should be deleted because for someone this book could be perfect. I think the book or magazine or @ CAPS2 should stay on the shelf for someone who intends to read it. If a person walks by and thinks the book is offensive, they must realize that for someone else it might not be and go away. I'm sure people would find my choice of books offensive or bad and would like to take them off the shelves. However, I would stop going to the library if that happened. That's why I think the books should stay where there is
Censorship, or the removal of material deemed inappropriate or offensive, has been used as a means of controlling the thoughts and feelings of people for many centuries. @ CAPS1 used it in @ CAPS2 colonies during @ CAPS2 @ CAPS4 to keep colonists loyal to the crown. The @ CAPS5 used censorship not only during @ CAPS6 @ CAPS7 @ CAPS8 as a propaganda brand, but also during @ CAPS7 @ CAPS8 @ CAPS11 under the leadership of @ CAPS12. Censorship is still used in @ LOCATION1 today, as a way to "protect the children". The @ ORGANIZATION1 tells the @ CAPS2 audience what we can and cannot watch on TV and what we can and cannot listen to on the radio. Other organizations tell us what books we can and can't read, what video games we can and can't play, and what items we can and can't buy. Such organizations, I believe, are pushing @ LOCATION1 @ LOCATION1 and other freedom-loving nations to the brink of totalitarianism. As Katherine Paterson put it, “If I have the right to take this book off the shelf - this job that I hate - then you have the exact same right as well and everyone else too. If a person has the right to control what we buy, what we listen to and what we see, then how come we don't have the right to control the same things for them? Where to draw the line? Ultimately, all books, movies, magazines, music, and video games would be considered offensive and inappropriate. Culture would slowly wither and die, and our lives would become dull and essentially useless, for lack of a better term. I recently read a book called '@ CAPS14', by @ PERSON2, on two periods in a boy's life: his childhood with his family in the @ LOCATION2 tribe, and his life after death. from his mother in the capital @ CAPS15 from @ LOCATION3. @ PERSON2's work includes passages that are less than angelic and, had strict censorship been in place, these passages would have rendered the book unpublished. The work of @ PERSON2 has given me not only myself, but a multitude of other people as well, a glimpse into the life @ CAPS16 faces in the changing landscape of their @ CAPS7, and it certainly did. made it realize once again that I have a life rich in family, friends and comfort. All in all, censorship is a horrible disease that slowly infects and consumes every part of our life. If you can censor something that you find offensive, then why wouldn't I do the same? Some censorship is good, and a fact of life. But we have to ask ourselves, where to draw the line? Where is the line between security and the pure and simple police state? Censorship is just a fancy term for @ CAPS17's blatant disregard, as freedom of speech is guaranteed for all @ CAPS2 citizens. As a famous colonial revolutionary once said: “@ CAPS19 me freedom, or @ CAPS19 me death!” If the censorship continues to grow and our libraries are emptied more and more, then I will take death on freedom, because freedom with censorship is not freedom at all.
If a book, music, movies, magazines, etc. should be offensive to someone, don't even bother looking at the material. Even though it may interest you, in the end you will find out that it is offensive to you and then take it the other way around. No material from books, music, films or magazines should be removed from the material because the authors, directors and music authors made it their creation. No one has the same point of view as everyone, each person is different in their own way. So why is it so bad when they've offended you if it wasn't on purpose? Each individual has their own opinion on each material. It may be offensive to someone else, but to another person it may not even affect their perspective on what they have read, seen or heard. Others @ MONTH1 must realize that even though it is written, it is not directed to the person reading it, if they have taken it the wrong way. Even if you're just making an observation, walk away and don't let him get the better of you. Don't let anyone tell you differently from your own opinion. Censorship in libraries isn't just for you, it's for everyone around you. If you don't like a book in the library or even think it's inappropriate, then walk away and put it down. Anything in the library shouldn't be deleted, just because you don't like it doesn't mean someone else will find it interesting. If you find anything offensive in the material, maybe you should think about ways to argue to prove the authors wrong. You just have to be strong and take whatever comes your way, and you have to be ready for it. I go to the library every now and then, and most of the time I'm just looking for something to read and find something interesting and take it. Once I start reading it, and if I feel that the type of material is directed at me and I find it offensive, I just leave it and put it down. I don't take it the wrong way because I know it's not serious business, because there wasn't my name in the book. So why should I get mad about this if it's not about me? I don't take any type of material that I look at negatively because I know someone else's opinion and not mine. If anyone takes it badly, they should look at other things on the topic and give their own opinion on the topic. Everyone should know that your own opinion matters more than anything or anyone else. The smallest things shouldn't happen to anyone, especially if it doesn't matter. It doesn't change what you think of the subject. The way you feel about it shouldn't affect the way others see it.
I myself believe that censorship in libraries should not be out loud. If there was to be censorship it would have to come from a child's parents or if you are not a child you don't need to be censored. By censoring something as small as books, movies, etc., I think it will give people the wrong idea of what is really going on. Just because something isn't censored doesn't mean it needs to be taken out of context. Think of it like this if you are walking on a street it will not be censorship, people will say bad words, show bad habits and even go so far as to see death or more. Being a kid who was really never censored including books, I learned a lot but felt like I went to a library to get a book and if censored or taken off the shelf , I will show a fake world. Again, if life cannot be censored, then we shouldn't accept anything else. A book, movie, or whatever @ MONTH1 censored could also determine how much someone might learn. People go to libraries to learn hard facts with proff and escape and depending on the subject they are researching. These are just some of the many reasons I think library censorship shouldn't be out loud. The consort must be chosen by who you are not by other people. At the end of the day, we @ MONTH1 never know what's best until we try.
No, because the writer explains how the story really unfolded. If your child asks you for the word, tell him it's not a good word to say, you can take the book back and get him a new one. Tell him / her kids come home from school and say a password and you asked him where they learned it from. And they said the professor said so. You can tell the teacher that you would not want him to read this book. Cousing is a way to better explain the story to them, I guess.
Library @ CAPS1 : @ CAPS2 or bad ? It is a very rare occasion that I go to the library, I am a typical guy, I love sports, video games and hanging out with my friends. When I'm not at school, I try to stay away from anything that reminds me of it, like libraries. Those very rare occasions when I go to the library, for a summer reading book for school, I usually browse to see what they have on the shelves. Some of the things I see in libraries catch my eye, and not because it looks like an @ CAPS2 book, but because it's shocking what they even allow to put on the shelves. On the shelves I've been through I've seen romance novels and they're not as bad as I would have thought, at first they grab my attention with the titles because they're usually out of the ordinary. I think these books are not inappropriate for young adults, but young children and tweens should not read them. So as long as there is a separation between the kids section and the adult section, I think it's just okay to have romance novels and any other graphic novels on the shelves, because this are types of literature. Now magazines can be taken both ways. Gossip magazines can be entertaining, but they can also be very offensive. The problem with most articles written in magazines is people's opinions and they can speak very negatively about certain people or things. I think it's up to the library to make a decision on this, but if anyone complains about it, I think the library should be kind enough to take it off the shelf. These are also magazines that show models in swimsuits and clothes, and I think if the guys or girls are naked at all in the magazine, they should either be in a back room and ask people to see, or they shouldn't be. in the library at all. I saw parents walk into a library and their son asked them why this magazine had a half naked woman on it and I just felt like it was very irresponsible for the library to leave these magazines out for the kids to see them and then bug the parents there all day on what they saw at the library. Music and movies are not that hard to control because they fall into the wrong hands. Nowadays @ CAPS3 music cases have stickers indicating parental advice. Movies are the same way, they have ratings. If the librarian sees a @ NUM1 year old child trying to watch a movie rated @ CAPS4, she should be fired, as there is clearly no reason for her to do so. Apologies can't come into play here, because if you look at the note and then look at the person, you can usually see if the movie is appropriate for them or not. Now @ CAPS5 movies shouldn't be in libraries at all, libraries are meant to be a place to get something cool to read or listen to. Pornography in a library is like having strippers in school, it just isn't ethical. In conclusion, I think library censorship is a @ CAPS2 thing to have. If libraries organize things right and make sure kids aren't in areas they shouldn't be, everything should be fine.
I see no reason to take books off the shelves. If someone doesn't like a book, they don't have to read it. Books are meant to entertain or educate people. There are books that speak badly about black people, but they still have to be there for people to know. Libraries are there to make money, that's all. Whether they make money, they can sell whatever they want. If I had a library I would sell just about anything I could. people will: watch, listen, read anything. So why not sell it or rent it. It's an honest way to make money.
'@ CAPS1, @ CAPS1, @ CAPS1 I love @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5 and I can't lie, when a girl walks in with a tiny little junk and a round thing on your face you get jumped up.' The song @ CAPS2 itself portrays a rather provocative tone towards women and men. While '@ CAPS3 a'las what sorrows can be seen there' tells us that love can be found anywhere. Now watch the two lyrics closely, eventually you will see a connection between the two. The rap song @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5 is about one man who finds love in the great glutius maximi while the other says love can be seen anywhere and everywhere. To say that music, magazines, books and more should be banned is to say that throwing an @ CAPS6 flag on the ground is absolutely correct. Well, it isn't ; banning books, music, etc. is like praising someone's imagination and creativity. It's like the @ DATE1 book, where @ CAPS4 @ CAPS8 looks, and we're only basing ourselves on what we're allowed to read, and even think about. Taking away movies and books is not allowing people to learn from their past. Take @ CAPS9 @ CAPS10 @ CAPS11 for example, although this movie is rather bloody and morbid, it still tells us about the horrors of the time during @ CAPS12 @ CAPS13 @ NUM1 and that the past is never something that should be abandoned. Always remember the past to learn from it. If this movie had been censored or deleted, personally I would never have heard of the tough times @ CAPS13 and what it can do for a person's soul and emotions. A book, a magazine, a movie, etc. are all gateways to new worlds, where children can use their imagination and justify their personality. I can say that the books and the songs have saved lives. The other day a friend of mine was on the verge of suicide and was almost on the verge of pulling the trigger when I told him what he was doing was wrong. I was @ NUM2 at the time, and I ran to my ipod to find a song "@ CAPS14 to @ CAPS15 a @ CAPS16" by the @ CAPS17. Basically I read the lyrics to him and he ended up putting the idea of suicide aside. Although yes, there are songs and books like The @ CAPS18 and @ CAPS19 that @ MONTH1 made people do crazy things or even kill. We see even more good being done and shown through reading and writing. Because these are all ways of expressing oneself. A song can @ CAPS15 a @ CAPS16 as much as it can take one. Even then, we can say that letting the imagination run wild is better than letting the imagination get censored. If a book is seen as something unwanted or taken away, it will cause more harm as much as it is desired, it would be craved because it is something unattainable.
The world today in @ LOCATION1 is hardly free. Everything we see, hear and read is censored. Is it good or bad? For the most part, it's okay. Adults, adolescents and young children should all have access to only certain types of movies, music, books, magazines, radio stations, etc. I don't think they should be deleted, but I think these documents should have limited access. Some material is a little hard to hide from children and teenagers, but I think what is hidden from children is up to the parents of the children to say whether or not the children can watch or watch or listen to anything @ MONTH1 whatever. that is. considered offensive to some people. Certain documents are and should continue to be censored, but to a certain extent. If a person were to watch a @ CAPS1- @ CAPS2 or even an unrated movie in a movie theater, that person would have to be @ NUM1 years or older. It's the law, and I think it's a good thing. Parents should also definitely be the censors of what children watch, see, hear or read. Children for the most part don't know any better. Children are curious little beings. If there is something that a parent has in the house that the child has never seen before, that child will immediately wonder what this material is. If it was a magazine, they could look at it. I believe there is a certain age to be allowed to watch these things because there is a lot of material in this world that is only intended for adults. These documents need to be kept open to the public, otherwise all the people who don't find them bad would be broke because people are fighting for what they believe in and it costs money, especially if people want to take their opinion on why. they should be able to see or hear whatever they want because they are adults and are mature enough to participate in these activities. People who stand up for what they believe in would need a lawyer. Lawyers have to be paid or they won't work for you. There are a lot of people in the world who know what they think is right and wrong. It's all in the way these people are brought up and were themselves raised as children. If people think something is wrong, then they don't need to read, listen, watch, or watch the things they find offensive. These activities are reserved for people who have no problem seeing or hearing these documents, therefore, these documents should be censored, but only to a certain extent. If everything that even one person found offensive in this world was removed, then what about all the other people who did not find these materials offensive ? What about adults who find it easy to see or hear these things? Not all people in this world have the same opinion. In conclusion, not everything should be censored. The material that children see and hear belongs to parents. People will fight for their freedom to see and hear what they want because people know what they want and will get it the way they should. It's @ LOCATION2, let's not be too strict on this.
How many of you have ever heard offensive language? Did you see something that you think no other child should see? I will guess a lot. Almost everyone in the world has heard, said, or seen something that they shouldn't have. Most hear swear words before they can even walk. If you can't stop kids from hearing or seeing anything offensive, why would you try modifying what they read in libraries. After all, it's a public place where everyone can go and read in peace. Almost everyone in the world has said or done something wrong, but they are learning from it. It allows them to mature and grow. Children learn new words all their lives and are bound to meet some that should not be said. Yet most will see and see what will happen and learn from it. If you take things like that out of the books they read, then how will they learn? The books that children read vary. Younger ones won't know what swear words are until they get older. Books older children read @ MONTH1 contain words to convey a serious part of the story, or a tragic moment in the characters' lives. Some @ MONTH1 even recount what happens when the characters say a bad word and what happens to them if they say it. Authors usually vary their vocabulary in the stories they write. If they write about @ DATE1, why would they try to clean up the grammar that was spoken from that point on. Try to change what the reader might be thinking at the time. Leave library books on the shelves, no matter what is in them. Children always see and hear something strange, no matter how hard their parents try. Books use words to show important parts of a story and our story. Books must remain in the libraries where they are located
Censorship of @ CAPS1 from @ CAPS2 " We can all think of a book that we hope none of our children or other children have taken off the shelves." But if I have the right to take this book off the shelf - this job that I hate - then you have the exact same right and everyone else too. And then we don't have any more books on the shelves for any of us, ”is a quote from author Katherine Paterson. She says there are some books that most people would find a little graphic or shocking, but we can't take these books off the shelf because eventually there would be no more books to read. I agree with her in the sense that we cannot remove certain books from the shelves of our library. We can't take them off the shelves because that would be taboo in many ways. This would be stepping into hot water because people would violate the press freedom of the authors, who would decide what material is good or bad, and how far it is too far in censorship. These are just a few of the many reasons it is wrong. To take certain books off the shelves would be against our constitution. The @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 gives all citizens @ CAPS5 the freedom of the press. This means that they can write whatever they want without having to worry about the opinions of the government or the citizens. If we start removing certain books from library shelves because they @ MONTH1 contain some controversial material, we are violating their natural right. Which brings me to my next point: if we allow censorship, who should be responsible? So many people want to include their opinions on what is right and what is wrong. So who are we supposed to believe? On person @ MONTH1 thinks something is out of place, but the person standing next to her would think it's ordinary. This is what makes this country great. We are a mixture of many different ideas that work together for a common goal. If the government assigned someone to censor books, magazines or music, there would be an uproar. How can a person tell if something is wrong? What if someone was allowed to censor things, what would be included? How far is it? It is a difficult question to ask. If we were to allow one person to judge things, what would be included? Would the judgment stop at books, films and music alone? Or would it extend to the judgment of clothes and lifestyles? If we apply this system of censorship, our life will become a great judgment. Self-expression would go out the window because people were afraid of being judged " inappropriate ". Our world would become a puzzle of trying to fit in and not be noticed, rather than stand out and move the human race forward. There will always be people who disagree with things. They find it inappropriate or offensive. What we need to understand is that everyone sees things in different ways. As people we have to learn to accept something that is out of the ordinary and try to understand where others are coming from. If we could do this our world would be a much better place
I believe that everyone has the right to choose which book should be prohibited for their children, but not for the public. Everyone has their own belief in what he or she reads or has the right to watch, so the library is perfect as it is. We cannot read books that we find offensive because of our beliefs because someone else might want to come and read about a certain religion or a certain topic. If we went through all the books and created a library with only the books we wanted, we would be in great debt because then we would be forced to build libraries for everyone instead of one that allows all of us to enjoy our favorite books. at the same place. So if we have a problem with a book or movie, the library should just steer our kids away from that article and let them know why they shouldn't be submitted to this article.
A very wise man in life @ CAPS1 once said : " The only way to escape the temptation is to remove the temptation all together. " @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, @ PERSON2 as he grew up had bad influences all around him. @ CAPS4 went to a dilapidated school, lived in a neighborhood torn by crime, had a drunk for a @ CAPS2, had no mother to help him and had an older brother who often beat him and hurt him emotionally and physically. As @ CAPS4 grew there were temptations to do the wrong thing morally all around him. @ CAPS4 had no example of how to behave, but @ CAPS4 stayed away from @ CAPS3, tobacco, drugs, guns, prostitutes, violence and fighting, and even something as "minor" as pornography. As I grew up with @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 as a hard working individual and my mom @ CAPS1 is helping me with my homework and preparing for college, the truth shows how times have changed . Just before I was born, @ CAPS1's parents left the old criminal district and the city for that matter. We moved to the suburbs where crime is rarer and most of the time just bad guys. @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 once said to me: 'I'm afraid of how times have changed. When I was a kid you didn't hear about avian language in songs and music, but nowadays songs seem to be all about sex, drugs, murder and even rape ! At this rate, I'm afraid of what your kids are going to see, son. @ CAPS4 had a valid point. Nowadays, young people can even go to the public library and buy books on illegal drugs and movies with sex scenes and music that talk about killing law enforcement officers. What about the world when an eight year old @ MONTH1 walks into a public library and checks out a book about cocaine ? The worst part is that they can just read these books while browsing, they don't need to check the book. A quote from author Katherine Paterson said, “We can all think of a book that we hope none of our children or other children have pulled off the shelves. I believe that instead of hoping they don't take the book off the shelf, we should just take the book off the shelf and @ CAPS5 have the book there at all. Public libraries are marked as safe places where children and adults can go if they feel threatened or in danger. Well what if @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 as a parent feels threatened that there are evils in the world and they have become so accepted by today's society that they even find themselves in the public library ? So what ? Public libraries and other public resources should be checked and supervised as to what they allow to enter their doors. A parent SHOULD @ CAPS5 hope their child doesn't pick up a book on an inappropriate topic in public, but should know that @ CAPS5 is. Parents should be able to relax and rest while making sure their child is free from the filth of immoral things
When I was in seventh grade my assignment was to read every @ PERSON1 book I could get my hands on. Some of the material in his books turned out to be a bit too daring for most college kids and some parents apparently deemed it inappropriate and our librarian made the decision not to carry it to the school library. I was devastated, there was no way my mom would agree to buy me the odd twenty books @ PERSON1 had written and I didn't have enough money on my meager allowance and various lemonade stands for them. buy it myself. At the time, this censorship, which prohibited my favorite books from displaying their covers in our school library, bothered me greatly. I couldn't understand why the parents of some people @ MOIS1 consider certain topics in his books to be too mature for our age group. However, I am changing my mind. Now I can understand why our school library @ MONTH1 is not so fond of carrying books with racy looks. That's why I think in school libraries some books should be censored or marked as mature. In public libraries, however, these books should not be censored. Books should be censored in school libraries because some children @ MONTH1 are too immature to cover the topic in the pages of the book. Most parents want their kids to stay as innocent as possible for as long as possible and I can respect that idea. Having advanced books would also make school look bad as not all parents would agree with the idea and some would complain that their children were reading something they had no intention of discovering during many years. Not all censorship has to do with sex. Another type of graphic novel that is often censored is the violent type. The real-time war story that portrays the horrors of the struggle for one's country and is juxtaposed with the thought that was valiant and something to applaud in the people back home. Some of these stories can get very graphic to convey that war isn't quite pretty and dandy, and it appears to be. These type of stories are important for our culture to avoid any misconceptions that we have @ MONTH1 or to try to prevent them from an early age by shocking the reader. War shouldn't be seen as fun and exciting and young people @ CAPS1 should know that when they reach the age to enlist in the military, they don't get into it by mistake. . In these cases, these violent stories are important to our young people and I think they should not be censored in the library. A @ MONTH1 raises the question of these books possibly invoking violence. I am not advocating that books with unnecessary violence be put on the shelves. I believe violent books that help convey an important must-see point should be displayed by school libraries. Public libraries are a whole different story. They have different sections for children's literature and adult literature. In school libraries, the majority if not all of the library is devoted to children or adolescents. While in the public library it is exactly the opposite (except in the case of a public children's library). Most public libraries mainly have adult books and a small section of children's books. In this type of framework, it would be good to allow any type of book in the adult section, marked mature. The topic doesn't really matter, but the purpose of public libraries is to educate our citizens and if what they want to read is violent or sexually explicit, so be it, as long as they read and use government funded resources. provided for them. If the library was privately owned, the owner could decide to put the books he wanted and censor the books he wanted. The purpose of libraries is to educate the citizens of this country and try to improve them and help them to make clear and informed decisions based on their prior knowledge. If the books are censored, some messages might not get through and the @ MONTH1 disinformation might drift away. We have to prevent this in any way we can
In my opinion, they shouldn't censor the books. They should be read the way the author intended @ CAPS4 to be read. I understand the censorship of songs and movies, however, so that they @ MONTH1 are shown on the radio and in theaters. Books that are contradictory right now have big messages and shouldn't be taken off the shelves because everyone should be reading them. They were written in this language because @ CAPS4 is the way people spoke back then. These books are classics and should not be changed or taken off the shelves. In the book 'To @ CAPS1 a @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3' by @ PERSON1 they use a lot of bad language, but this is how they spoke at the time and the author tries to convey a great message to the readers. @ CAPS4 should not be changed @ CAPS4 is understandable that they change songs and remove the bad language so that they can be played on the radio. When an artist writes a song, they know that @ CAPS4 cannot be broadcast on the radio if @ CAPS4 has bad language or graphics. I don't think they mind changing a few words in their song so that @ CAPS4 can be played on the radio for everyone to hear. The song '@ CAPS5 You' from @ ORGANIZATION1, they replaced the word @ CAPS6 with '@ CAPS5'. When he wrote this song he knew @ CAPS4 couldn't be on the radio, so he changed a word, and @ CAPS4 is still a good song. Movies are pretty much the same as songs, they can't show a movie in theaters if @ CAPS4 is too graphic. They @ MONTH1 delete some scenes or change a few words, but that doesn't change the movie. These scenes or words can be put back into the movie once @ CAPS4 is sold in stores. I understand and respect everyone's opinion on this issue, I am only expressing my own. If these authors, or artists, wanted their work to be different, they would have done it from @ CAPS4.
Books are books, as well as magazines, music, movies, etc., so one purpose, right ? To read them well, that's what I thought. Even though books, magazines, and even some movies may offend some people, that doesn't mean they should be taken off the shelves. I don't think they should be taken off the shelves. Because if someone like you wrote it, someone like you will probably be even more willing to read it. While sometimes books and magazines are inappropriate and @ MONTH1 offends some people, that doesn't mean they should remove them completely, as sometimes people need to read things that they are not completely up to. easy. Because reading things that you don't fully know can sometimes help you learn not to do those bad things. It also helps prevent some children from not smoking and using drugs if they hear or watch these things from experience. Books and magazines that offend people only tell them what they don't want to hear. Even if you @ MONTH1 don't want to hear about it, drugs and sexual content will still be in our children's environment to see or experience. Putting a drug book or magazine in libraries is not going to encourage children or people to try drugs. These are the people who cannot control themselves when they walk around it or see it or even hear about it. This is called self-control and some people have it and some don't. Reading a book on drugs will only prevent such things from happening. So I think libraries should just leave the books on the shelves. If some people don't want to see it in their local libraries, they don't need to pick up the book, magazine, or watch the movie. These books, magazines, and movies only help us become stronger people. They also help us as a community to try to stay clean. These books are very important for the community to read so that they never tend to do these bad things. This is why I believe that books that offend some people should not be taken out of libraries. Libraries themselves just need to move books and magazines to another section of the library if they don't want to accidentally see or read something that might offend them. It might help people to avoid such things. Libraries just need to keep books, magazines, and movies on the shelves. Just as they are today in our local library
Usually when you walk into a library there are books, magazines, movies, and CDs everywhere. Most of the library items are suitable for children, but some are intended for adults and teens. Many people struggle with whether there are items in the library that are offensive to religion, have offensive language, or contain adult material. In this country we have a freedom of speech and a freedom of religion that allows us to choose things that we deem to be correct in certain situations like this. Certainly, there are books that are very offensive to certain types and religions of different people. Have you ever seen or heard of a film that is both educational and offensive ? In my opinion, people should have the right to censor what the library provides to their student or child to some extent. If a book or magazine or anything @ MONTH1 is offensive to someone, I think they should be able to choose whether their student or child can view that article. People shouldn't take this censorship capacity out of control. I believe our generation is very different from the past because most of the things we face are things that are most likely offensive to a certain religion and / or type of person. Which in a way undermines the censorship of everyone who chooses to participate. I believe that a person or authority figure at this time should be able to take a book off the shelf if and only if they ask the library and approve it. People have the right to do whatever they want, but depriving other people of their chance to read a book or watch a movie goes a bit with this privilege of censorship. I think when someone feels that an item in the library is offensive they should sign a piece of paper stating why they think it should be removed from the library and the people you think it is offensive to . In doing so, I think that only this element should be taken away from this group of people. All in all, I believe library censorship is a spectacular idea because of all the bad things in the world coming out of books, movies, and CDs. People have the right to make a difference if they believe they are wrong. They should jump at the chance if they get to a point where they can turn things around for the better ! Do you think censorship in libraries is a good idea? I do this because it gives people the opportunity to change and make things better for themselves if they think something is offensive.
I think censorship shouldn't matter in a library due to the fact that some of these books, magazines, music, and movies are enjoyed by different people everywhere. If you don't like something said or seen in some of the materials, then don't read, watch, or listen to any of them. People have different tastes in what they like to listen to, watch or read. Some people may like rap music, but others may like rock music. People who like rock music might not like rap because of some of the languages used in the songs. This is why some people listen to other types of music and don't listen to the type of music that they find offensive. I like rock and metal just because rap is a little offensive. I have had a lot of family members who have said that I shouldn't listen to such music because of the language. Some people say that reading certain things is a preference, but what if you are sitting in a doctor's office and would like to read a magazine that is just a passing time. If you start browsing the magazine and find something you don't like or offend, keep turning the pages or put the magazine down. You have to think to yourself that there are other people out there who like or are interested in something that you might find offensive. The best thing you can do is put it down and think to yourself that it's not directed at you. Magazines can have all kinds of stuff hidden beyond the pages, but sometimes you have to look at the cover to see what is written in the magazine. Sometimes this can help you decide whether or not to read it. Movies are always fun to watch, whatever the occasion. Some people like certain movies such as action, comedy, romance, or drama. Some people might not like the action due to the fact that there is violence in almost all of these movies. Some might dislike comedy because of the crass humor. There are many types of movies out there and it's not the producers' fault that we don't like it. People make different movies because not everyone is the same. Some people might be offended by the content of a movie and what you might do to help is just read the movies before you see them. I think censorship shouldn't matter in a library due to the fact that some of these books, magazines, music, and movies are enjoyed by different people everywhere.
Censorship of books Books, music, movies, magazines, etc. should they be removed from the shelves if they are found to be offensive? Yes, because some things need to be taken off the shelves, for example a lot of things that don't need to be seen in public. Personally I think censoring certain things is good because there are certain books that shouldn't be seen, music that either has swear words about drugs or other things, movies that kids shouldn't. see as the '@ CAPS1' or '@ NUM1' 'that has either blood or nudity or something on that line, and magazines now magazines there are many kinds of magazines like for example adults, kids , cooking, cleaning, things of the house, stuff for dogs or cats and stuff for the outdoors. But censoring things that might be “ offensive ” I can't understand how the books can be offensive because some books are about history or something that happened to them. Like for example let's just say a colored kid come in and read a book about 'slavery @ CAPS2' that kid over there is going to get offensive about it and then that kid is going to say 'You owe me something because my anscetores were slaves' No you were wrong kid because you either read the book wrong or you just didn't get it. I have done this a few times, either I got offended about it and started to be very angry about it, or I just threw it in the trash because I got angry because I became offensive about it. Don't get me wrong, I love to read, but like I said before there are some things that should never be read or never found. But as for me, getting offensive about some books, movies, music or magazines @ CAPS13 I don't read magazines so I can't be offensive about it but the books, movies and music that I take very offensively because like if I read, let's just say the '@ CAPS3 @ CAPS4', then I watch the @ CAPS13 movies. I take it offensively because nothing matches the books or this person hasn't directed it well. For books like I said, I like to read books, don't get me wrong, but I take them very offensively because like something the character did or something that I wish I hadn't. having done something like that or a character dies and it reminds me of a close friend of mine or a teacher something on that line, either I cry or I stop reading the period of the book. Music now I could spend all day in it because, for example, I loved rap with a passion, but now rap is just getting horrible because the rapper is talking about either killing someone or doing drugs, or " sex ", it's like saying " horrible " it's something that has to go away for a long time. But there are many other types besides rap. There are @ CAPS5, @ CAPS6, @ CAPS7 @ CAPS8, punk, @ CAPS1 & @ CAPS10, etc. People who censor things like tv shows like for example @ CAPS11 @ CAPS12 seriously, there is nothing wrong with this show, some people censor because adults think it is bad @ CAPS13 people there n There is nothing wrong with this show. I've been watching it since I was five and there was nothing wrong then, so why would there be anything wrong now. All there is is a grown man acts like a child it's like you're gonna tell your husband or wife or kids' @ CAPS13 @ CAPS14 I'm sorry but I owe you censor because you're a bad person. ' I'm not saying I would censor it, I'm just saying maybe we people should just take the time to go through some of these shows before we censor them. @ PERSON1
libraries have tons of books, CDs, movies, and magazines to read. they have all kinds for people who are interested in certain things. and some might be offensive to some people ... let me tell you what I think! Most people like the things that interest them and some like other things. There are certain things for people of certain ages to look out for, there are sections for kids, section for teens, and section for adults. there might be things that people find offensive. but that doesn't mean they should remove @ CAPS4 from the shelf, they should @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 enter @ CAPS4. that simple. and that's all there is at @ CAPS4..and that's what I think of library products like that. and what people should do in order not to receive things that offend them ... '@ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4' !
Personally, I like books, movies, music, etc., without censorship. Sheltering young people is not too bright because they will become curious about things and sometimes they don't tell us that they find out for themselves. Most of the media and books have stuff uncensored for a lot of different reasons and I think it's going well. Yes there are young people who take things too seriously but it is because the parents are not there to explain. I'm not saying go show a four year old a movie rated '@ CAPS1', but clear something up. Music is everywhere, it's a little hard to protect your kid from music anyway because it's everywhere. You should be there to watch what you are listening to, but sooner or later they will hear it, as much as letting them hear it around you or someone else giving them bad advice. Some parents complain so much about this topic because they don't want to be there all the time to explain everything, but then why have a child if you can't take on that responsibility. Books aren't that different, if a book has certain things that parents don't want their kids to read, then take it away from them. But most books with this stuff don't have pictures, so they should imagine it and if they don't know what we're talking about, they won't be able to think of anything wrong anyway. I'm not going to be a neglectful parent, but I don't think protecting children from the real world, the media, and books is a good idea, very unwise. The kids will someday learn swearing, drinking and stuff like drugs, it's up to the parents to be there and teach the kid right and wrong if they have a question from anywhere. something they heard, watched or read. People worry too much about censorship and making sure everything is clean, but not all media and books are clean, it never was until some people got lazy and didn't want to. not be there for their child @ PERCENT1. When I was young, my parents didn't protect me or prevent me from reading what I wanted to read, and everything went well. I don't drink or do drugs, because my parents were there if I had a question about something I didn't understand in a book or in the media. It's not the media or the literature, it's the parents, and if they can't be there to explain, then why did they become parents. And as with magazines, if a parent is really worried about some around their kids then don't let them buy them, it's up to you. Don't you want your child to come out and live their own life when they become an adult ? So don't protect them from everything. Let them discover things when they ask a question. If they read something in a book and don't understand it, you can tell them whether it is right or wrong or let them find the wrong way - it's up to you. If they see something on @ CAPS2, explain it to them, don't panic or prevent them from knowing what's going on in the real world. It's your choice to make on all of this, but if you shelter them too long, they'll never have a good life. Sheltering @ MONTH1 doesn't seem so bad now, but wait until they get old and start their lives, they won't know what to do or how to talk to people properly. I have seen with my own eyes how protecting children from media and books can affect certain things in a human being's life. Censoring is not good, the only way to find out more about real life these days is through the media and books. Not giving in to all of this will help people see what the world needs to work on. So don't censor everything and let the next generation know what the previous generation did wrong.
In our world today, there is a way to find everything you could possibly want under one roof. People call these buildings libraries. Libraries keep almost all books ever written and offer them free to the public. If you can't find what you're looking for in a book, they also have plenty of other resources available: movies, music, magazines, and the internet. I'm not here to say that we should bundle any offensive material because everything is offensive to someone. There is always someone in the world who would say they are offended just to make a point or to get attention in our world today, even if they don't even care about the topic in question. The internet can get you just about anything that you would ever want to go. Yes, libraries have internet blocks for websites which are very outrageously offensive, but people have learned how to bypass the blocks. Libraries are set up where all children's materials are in one location, all adolescent materials are in another location, and all adult materials are in another room. When I was young I loved going to libraries and having fun and reading but the only thing I never did was go to the adult room and I think a lot of other kids feel the same thing. In fact, I have never seen a child in the adult section of a library. Movies and music have ratings and if the rating is higher than what the child should watch then the child cannot check the movie or music without a parent's signature. This ensures that children cannot view bad or offensive material without parental consent. Our libraries are configured perfectly as they are and I think we shouldn't try to change the libraries in any way. Movies and music are rated and children cannot view offensive content. The materials in a library are organized by age group and children generally do not venture outside their area of interest. Last but not least, if we removed anything offensive in libraries, then we would know that there are no more libraries in our communities.
Dear journal @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, or to whom this article @ MONTH1 is about. I became aware of the problem we are facing today in our media. Information and the way people seek it have evolved and continue to change at a rapid rate. The technology and new information is so vast that it is extremely difficult to censor. Two weeks ago I took my niece @ NUM1 an @ CAPS3 to our local public library to find her a book. Once the automatic doors to the library opened, she rushed straight to the cinema section. I couldn't help but laugh, because I knew that was why she really wanted to go to the library. When I asked @ CAPS3 what movie she was watching, she turned the cover over unreservedly and said '@ CAPS5 @ CAPS6'. "I can't let my young niece watch @ CAPS5 @ CAPS6," I thought silently. Then I realized how easy it is for a child to access adult information. I agree with @ PERSON1's statement to some extent. I believe that if we started to suppress certain information completely, we would be left in the dark. But when we leave our children, the future of the world, revered to adult news, they are greatly affected, teens @ CAPS9 and violent video games, or explicit magazines. For example, my niece can check out any book in the library, books like @ CAPS10 @ CAPS11 famous book titled '@ CAPS12 @ CAPS13' which means my fight in German. My @ NUM1 year old niece can read very well and is very impressionable, as are many young children. Public media need to be more closely monitored, including public libraries, retail stores, the Internet and @ CAPS14. I think books should be censored for their content, much like movies. This makes the responsible distributor and the consumer more aware of the content and its effect.
That saying, Katherine Paterson, said, "We can all think of a book that we hope none of our children or other children have taken off the shelves." I do not agree with this statement. I think it is the government's choice whether these items should be removed from libraries or not. So we will need legal grounds to remove certain books from the shelf. Some people think we should take books off the shelves that teach children about our history. People don't have the right to take children away. In the statement made by Katherine, she supports this very idea; take away the right of our children to learn the history of the United States. Children have the right to learn our own history and some people want to take it away. So what will our future generation look like? Some kids may not even know who @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 is or how we got here on this continent. Parents also don't want us to read anything in books that have foul language or anything to do with nudity. I see what these parents are trying to do. They are trying to protect their children, but the point is that people are going to have to go through this in life and if they are not introduced at a younger age, what will they do when they are older. Some children who have been taken away from this right will have no idea what to do when they get older, and the foul language in the texts of these books puts their voice in the books. We don't want future generations to be blind to all of this because it's the real world. When I was in fifth grade, I really enjoyed reading. I really liked adventure books like the boxcar kids and books like that. I once went to the library and picked out a book about a haunted house. The librarian wouldn't let me check the book because there were some texts in the book that didn't suit me. It kind of crushed my reading mind and I really never wanted to go read a book on my own again. So adults who want to take these books off the shelves might prevent our generation from learning and if we don't learn then our next generation won't want to read or learn anything. These are just a few of the reasons why we shouldn't deprive ourselves of books, magazines, movies, and music. There are more people who have reason to do so, so if you want to take this away from us right now, be prepared for an argument because you will be fighting for that right. So you adults who want to take this book off the shelf, you better have good legal reasons to take it off the shelf.
Censorship is a delicate concept. It is a word that can ban music from stores, books from shelves, and movies from theaters. Katherine Paterson, an author, said if all reading or listening material was removed, nothing would be left. I totally agree with this statement. If someone finds an aspect of a job offensive, that does not allow the job to be prohibited or discarded. I believe that offensive material should not be removed for the following reasons : it removes the feelings of the author, nothing will be left on the shelves, and there is no line defining what is or is not offensive. Now I understand that there are a large number of people who are against my position. I assure them that I understand these feelings. Some audiences think that removing offensive material is good because it protects the ears of those who can't handle the verb or context. Others @ MONTH1 feel that the sensitive audience @ MONTH1 is not comfortable with text. In addition, many people believe that exposing people to violent, risky and dangerous behavior will cause the same behavior in young children. While these are all valid opinions, they aren't enough to automatically think it's okay to throw it off the shelves. Contrary to the opinions of others, I believe that one of the reasons the @ CAPS6 material should be kept on the shelves, because if it is not on the shelves, the thoughts and feelings of the writer will be suppressed. For example, the book " TO @ CAPS1 to @ CAPS2 " has been banned for a long time. Harper's book @ CAPS3, @ MONTH1 had some slurs that @ MONTH1 found offensive today. However, this is how people spoke at the time. Who are we to blame the folks at @ DATE1 and @ DATE2 for the way these words articulate? By banning " À @ CAPS1 a @ CAPS2 " during the time it was banned, generations have been robbed of the powerful and magnificent meaning of the whole book. It meant that you can't punish the innocent because they didn't do anything wrong. The same goes for the book @ CAPS6. @ CAPS6 one of the reasons I think this should stay on the shelves. Second, literary and musical works should stay on the shelves because, as Katherine Paterson said, if everyone takes a book away, “ ... then we don't have any books on the shelves for any of them. us ”. @ CAPS6 is very true. Many books have been on the prohibited book list. For example, there is 'AT @ CAPS1 a @ CAPS2', '@ CAPS9 in @ CAPS10,' '@ PERSON2' and others. Which book will then be removed from the shelves? Once society is rid of all literature, the next step will be music. Watch singer / songwriter @ PERSON3. He made music with a very sexual theme. When people bought his records at @ DATE3, they had to be covered or placed in brown paper bags. They @ MONTH1 are considered censorship, but it is one step away from being banned. His record company refused to produce music under his name because of the outrageous lyrics. Because of this, @ PERSON3 changed its name to an unpronounceable symbol. What's next? Finally, my last reason why offensive material shouldn't be removed is who should say if something is offensive or not ? A @ MONTH1 novel or song will appeal to @ NUM1 people, but should it be deleted from the record store or library because of one person ? I do not think so. There are a lot of words and concepts that have not been socially accepted over the centuries. However, these same dreadful concepts have become accepted if not a rare habit. If @ CAPS6's “ offensive material ” has time, it will become harmless in years to come. For all the reasons I have stated, I am not in favor of taking anything off the shelves because something finds it unacceptable or even offensive. If everything is deleted because of an opinion, the world of the arts will be no more. Then we the people will ask what is left of us. We will be nothing more than a mass of narrow-minded and ignorant individuals who know nothing about books, music, magazines, movies, etc. Now I'm asking you the question @ CAPS6 : if everything was considered offensive material, what would be left?
Everyone is different and unique in the world and they have their own unique opinions. Which brings us to the censorship argument on anything, because what some people find offensive, others @ MONS1 are not. The censorship I'm talking about relates specifically to censorship in libraries. There are three main reasons why libraries shouldn't be censored. The first reason is that the books were written so that they could be seen by the public. The next reason is that people have the right to make their own decisions. The last reason is that parents can limit what their own children read. Censorship of libraries is an absurd idea because a few people shouldn't make the choice for everyone. The number one reason why libraries shouldn't be censored is that books were written to be read by the public. A library is a public place where people are expected to obtain the books of their choice. If a few people start censoring books, it will trigger a chain reaction. After the censorship of so many different books, there will be fewer books to enjoy. All censored books were meant to be enjoyed. If the books are censored some people @ MONTH1 never even have the chance to see these books and they won't be able to learn from them. Books deserve to be enjoyed as they were meant to be enjoyed and if they are censored that chance is lost. The next reason is that people have the right to make their own decisions. If someone doesn't like a book, they don't have to read it. They don't have the right to go and censor this book, because they don't like it. Another person @ MONTH1 is enjoying this book and many others @ MONTH1 are liking it too. People should be able to choose the books they want and others shouldn't be telling them what they can and can't read. They have to let others make the decision to get their books. People can't stop others from reading a book that they enjoy. They should let others think for themselves and let them read what they want. The last reason is that parents can limit what their children read. If parents don't want their children to read something, they can tell their children that they are not allowed to read it. Others should not be able to censor a book because it is inappropriate for children. The child's parents can protect them if they find the book offensive to their children. Everyone should care about what they like and let others enjoy what they want. Let parents set the limits for their children and it makes their life easier. It also makes the books enjoyable for everyone if they aren't censored just for kids. Parents worry about their children, and adults can worry about themselves. Censorship of libraries is absolutely wrong and it is also unfair. Someone shouldn't be able to say, “I don't like this book, so censor it. I will remind you of the three reasons why this is true. First, the books were written to be appreciated by the public. People also have the right to choose what they want. Finally, parents can set limits on what their own children read. Books should be left uncensored so that they can be enjoyed by anyone who wants to read them. Everyone should let books be loved by everyone and they shouldn't take away a book to love by censoring it.
Some people ask : " Books @ CAPS1 should be censored in libraries ? " @ CAPS2 are always parents who think that libraries have inappropriate books for their children, so they were against the library and tell them to censor or remove books. I believe in order for a library to censor or delete books, magazines, movies, music, etc., it depends on @ CAPS1 the subject of these things. It is also the job of parents to monitor @ CAPS1 as their children are reading, listening or watching. @ CAPS2 is no reason for a library to censor and remove books because one or two parents complain it's inappropriate, when the parent can just take their children away from the book or movie and move on thing. It is not the job of libraries to watch children and make sure they don't read, listen or watch anything bad. It is the job of parents. Katherine Paterson, an author, also had a good point. She said if she has the right to take books off the shelves, then everyone has the right. If everyone starts taking books from the shelves, we are out of books. Everyone has a different take on books. @ CAPS1 one person thinks it's bad, another @ MONTH1 doesn't. It also goes the other way around : @ CAPS1 one person thinks it's good, another @ MONTH1 thinks it's bad. When it comes to movies, @ CAPS2 are some that should be censored, such as movies containing extreme violence or gore. I remember going to the library as a kid and wanted to watch a @ CAPS3 movie. I couldn't verify it because I wasn't at least @ NUM1. I thought it was ridiculous because it was just a @ CAPS3 movie, and it was harmless. With magazines and music, it also depends on the subject of those. Some magazines contain images and articles that are inappropriate for young children, and these are the things that should be kept away from children. They don't necessarily need to be censored or removed, they are just kept in another section for teens and adults. But the music is a problem. Much of music these days can be very inappropriate, especially rap music. Music that sends negative messages and has a lot of swear words in the lyrics should be censored, in my opinion. It has no place in a library environment where young children roam and are influenced by it. In conclusion, books, music, movies and magazines should or should not be censored or removed depending on the topic. It just depends on what @ CAPS1 the topic is about and how inappropriate it is. @ CAPS1 one parent thinks it's bad, another @ MONTH1 doesn't. Overall, I think books, music, movies, and magazines shouldn't be censored. Parents can simply decide @ CAPS1 that they want their children to read, watch or listen
Today I will talk about some materials, such as books, music, movies, and magazines. Should they be removed from the shelf if they are found to be offensive ? In today's world, it's hard to please every living soul. Everyone is going to disagree on something in their life. Life as we know it, everyone lives it in a different way and in a different place, but everyone has read a book, listened to music, and even read a magazine at a time. People @ MONTH1 approach it differently from others. Therefore, I personally don't think they should remove any items from the library that you can learn anything from, unless it's something like porn, then they should definitely remove them. My conclusion is that you can't please everyone. I think you shouldn't take things out of the library that can help a student learn.
In a local library, you can find hundreds of books, all of different subjects, different styles, and different stories. Not everyone likes the same type of story to read, not everyone likes the same style of music, and not everyone enjoys the same fashion in a magazine or the same articles written in the magazine. No one is the same, we all have different tastes and interests. Some people @ MONTH1 find certain books disturbing and inappropriate, which the book should not be allowed to be on library shelves. It is only some people, what one person finds disturbing and disgusting, another person may find it interesting. No one person is the same, so not all books will be eye-catching and interesting to everyone. If one person finds a book unsuitable, yet another finds it interesting and suggests this book to his friends, is he who disapproves of the reading material as ineligible to his community allowed to take the book from the shelf, not allowing no one else to read it. Everyone should have the same opportunity to read the book that another has found inappropriate. People should be allowed to read the material and topics they like to read. But when it comes to a nude magazine, all about sex and nudity, it should only be available in adult stores. A kid in the library might be wondering on the grown-up side and picking up the magazine and seeing all these women, this mom doesn't want her kid to be able to pick up a magazine or a porn video when she takes the kid to the library. You must be eighteen or older to view or purchase these magazines, so only keep these magazines in adult stores where children cannot see them. Now some books @ MONTH1 have a nude image in the text but it could be to show how to do a breast exam, to educate women about breast cancer and to help prevent the seriousness of this issue, to properly educate them. people in our society on the matter. The disease books @ MONTH1 have nude photos of should be allowed, they educate the community and save lives. Although no voice or opinion should be heard in relation to others, we were all created equal, we should all be heard. Books are the same way, they were all created equal so that men, women, boys and girls were allowed to read and find adventure, excitement, grief and anger. We all have different reading, music and fashion desires. In today's world, in our society, and in our community, there are different perspectives on what children should read or be allowed to choose from on their local library shelves. The books were created by different people, who don't share the same points of view, who see life in a different way, whose voices are not all the same. The book has a bad word in the text, that does not mean that the book is an abomination and that it will poison the community. This book could be one of the best books a child or adult has read in their life. Everyone has different views, tastes, interests, wants and needs. No one shares the same thirst for reading. We should all have the option of reading or not reading what another person finds inappropriate. The author also deserves to be heard and not dismissed because some people consider his material to be ineligible for the shelves of their local library. Freedom of speech, freedom of happiness should be involved with the pursuit of finding a book that feeds a person's hunger. Whether every voice is heard, whether every word is read, no matter how small, small, or how many inappropriate contexts are included. That each read as it pleases and that each one marries in what he reads
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3: @ CAPS4 I am @ PERSON1 and heard that there has been a discussion about different things in libraries. And I would like to let you know what I think of the big picture. There are a lot of things like books, music, movies, magazines etc. that people find inappropriate. Many people have different opinions from others. Everyone has a different point of view and sees things differently. Especially when it comes to what's appropriate for kids. I believe if a child comes home with a book, movies, etc. and her parents don't approve, the parent should go tell the librarian why she thinks it is not appropriate. The librarian should listen to the parent, then take a look at it for herself and see what she thinks about it. And if she finds it inappropriate, she has the right to take it off the shelf. If the parent comes in and explains to the librarian why something is not appropriate and the librarian thinks everything is fine, maybe she just needs to put the book, movie, etc. in another area of the library. For example, if a toddler finds a book and the parent says it is inappropriate, the librarian might remove that book from the toddler section and perhaps put it in an older kids area. I have actually had experience with this. In my old school, adults always complained about books they didn't think were appropriate. When the librarian told us, we were upset because we girls loved to read these books. The librarian at the time thought they were appropriate and really didn't want to take them out of the library. So she had a great idea. She took these books, the ones people were complaining about, and put them on their own special shelf behind her desk. If you wanted one of these books, you had to tell your parents about it or bring a note that you were allowed to read the book. It was a really good idea, because if your parents wouldn't allow you to read them, you weren't tempted to get one, and you wouldn't even see them. And people who were authorized and wanted to read them still could without any problems. Another idea I have is if you see a younger kid reading books, movies, etc. older people, go talk to them about why they're there and tell them it's not their age. Try to direct them towards their age group and try to find them a book, a movie, etc. that interests them @ MONTH1. I think everyone has different opinions, but just because one person complains doesn't mean they have to mess it up for everyone. Just because one person doesn't like it doesn't mean everyone likes them too. I think the censorship should be in libraries somewhat, but not to the extreme. There should be a lot of different topics in the libraries for everyone to enjoy things there. There should be action, adventure, humor, love, etc. Talk to people and see what they like. And just because a person is complaining, don't take it off right away because another person might like it. Thanks for taking the time to read my review, and hope I helped
I think libraries in general shouldn't take music, movies, or magazines. Because you never know what's going on at home and they just want to get away and relax at the library to read. I think they shouldn't take books off the shelves just for a reason because people like to go to the library. And if they don't have these things, then what's the point in going. not removing these things is that they will not make a profit. when people go to the library and they don't see these things they're going to wonder what they want to happen. I think it shouldn't be the children's fault that all the books are gone. It should be the fault of the owners and the people who work in the library that they made them remove the books from the shelves. I also think that when children go to the library, they will ask their parents or someone. Where are the books because they want to read and also where are the books so that they can consult them. But people would still want to get the books from the library to check them out. I think people shouldn't be taking books off the shelves for a while. specific reason and that reason is that people and kids would go like a weekend to read if they don't have any of these things at home. . So removing all of that would be sad because if no one had nowhere to go and they felt lonely and wanted to go to the library and read. but all my talk about it is one that didn't find any books, music or magazines on the shelves. But I also think that if they did in the real world. So it would be terrible and a crisis for people. I think they shouldn't be doing this because people like to read, listen to music, etc. I also think they shouldn't be doing this because people love to relax. that they might have and they just want to go. I also think they might not do it anyway because they know people like their don'ts. One of the things I like is that when I go to the library, is nice and calm and we can listen to our ipod or our player @ NUM1 something like that. Some people love to go there so that they can see friends there and communicate with them to access the computer. My reason is that they shouldn't be doing that is that they can lose everything like their jobs etc.
Are you offended when you read a book and your eyes meet a swear word? Do you mind hearing them with your own ears? No matter how hard you try, you can't avoid the harsh language of today's society. Have you ever walked into your library and started reading a book but decided to put it back on a shelf because of the language of the book ? Many books in libraries today have offensive language. Sometimes this gives character to the book and makes the story more real to the reader, but in other cases reader @ MONTH1 will be offended. In my opinion, if you don't like the language of the book, put it back on the shelf. The author wrote the book the way he or she wanted it to be written, not the way you would like to see it. Some @ MONTH1 materials are inappropriate for young readers. The reader's level of maturity definitely makes a difference when it comes to censorship. For example, I'm sure many parents have a problem with the movie 'The @ CAPS1' for its use of alcohol and drugs. Many people find this film funny and entertaining. Should this movie be taken off the shelves for using alcohol and drugs ? These words and actions that we are trying to censor are not going to go away. We see and hear them in everyday life, wherever you are @ MONTH1. So if you don't like the language of the book, choose a different one
I think if some material is offensive, it should be taken off the shelves, depending on how offensive it is. If they're offensive out of rickets or prejudice, I think they shouldn't be on the shelves. In addition, if it is offensive to women or men, it should be removed from the shelves. People should be able to read and listen to things without being offended. I think if it's offensive to different races then yes it should be taken off the shelves. I think this because, kids can read this and then they would think it's right to be racing against other races. I think children and others should be able to read and listen to things without it offending others. In addition, they should be able to do this and not learn to be offensive to others. People who read these things that are offensive might cause problems with others. It could also cause problems for libraries, with people not wanting to come back due to having offensive material. Then with people who do not want to be there then the bookstores will not have enough service and they will have to close. I also believe that if masterial is offensive to women / men then it should be taken off the shelves. Magazines that feature women and men can be offensive because a lot of people think of them as garbage. It makes a bad impression on some people. It's rude to be there. It doesn't get some very good thoughts in the minds of some people. I believe if the material being read or listened to is offensive then it should be taken off the shelves. It can cause a lot of problems with others. It could cause us to lose libraries if others choose not to go. Things shouldn't be left out if they are offensive in any way.
There are people who think that something should be taken off the shelves or not even made. But it's their decision and not everyone should listen to it or just try to do it. I think things that are offensive should and shouldn't be deleted. They should because it might offend someone and it shouldn't be because people can read it or see it or even listen to it if it's music and then find out more about it and then they might not do the same things. So people have a choice of what should and should not be banned, but they also have a choice of whether to read it or not. They may not want their kids to read it, but their kids will always hear the same things elsewhere. I think they shouldn't be taken out because no matter what they do or say there will always be things in the world that people think are offensive and you can't stop it all. I listen to a lot of music when I drive to school and it's mostly rap music. Yeah, most of it is offensive to girls and stuff, but it's just music, it doesn't mean it's real or anything. People have the choice of not listening to it or not reading about it. If they think it's offensive to them or someone else or just not like that, they have a right to avoid it and not look at it. People just want to change everything and make sure that things are perfect and that there is nothing wrong with the world. But no matter what you try to do, something bad will be waiting for you. You just have to know how to avoid it. Avoiding the things you don't like would be a lot easier than taking all the time it takes to try and get something off the shelf. You should keep it on the shelf for people who really want to read it or just want to read it to see what it is about. When I read or listen to something that is offensive and I don't like it. I'll just turn it off or stop reading it. Don't try to get it banned as it takes too long. People just shouldn't worry about what is said or written and try to get it banned because another book will come out again and it will be the same. So as you can see I think the written material should stay as it is and people can choose whether they want to read it or not. If they do it and they think it's offensive, it's their fault to read it when they know it's going to offend them. And for the people who don't read it, they do it because they know it's going to offend them. So not reading something you don't like will be better in the end because then nothing will be banned and maybe nothing else will be done in the banning process. So nothing should be banned and just keep it and everything will always be the same. We might not want our kids to read something bad, but someday they will, so why not just do it and be done.
Censorship in libraries could be useful so that children and young people don't see what their parents don't want them to see. In the children's section they have children's books. In the adult section they have adult books. These sections are there to prevent children from reading or seeing things that @ MONTH1 is what their parents don't want them to see. But then again, a parent could bring their children to these sections so that they can find their books without leaving their child unattended. Removing books from the library altogether because they are offensive is not a good thing. It takes away some literature that people might like to read. But it also makes people who want it censored tense. I am an avid reader, so I have been to libraries a few times, but have never seen material so bad that I thought it should be removed. If so, they should just create an alternate section for books, music, movies, and magazines that some people believe should be placed there. For example, some albums containing offensive language or material have “ @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 ” stickers . These stickers are simple enough to see that you can put them in the alternate section of a library. People who like and want to listen to this can easily go to this section and choose it. Books always have reviews so people can tell if they're too @ CAPS1 or not. Library staff could put these books in the alternative section. Movies always have ratings, so staff can put anything rated @ CAPS4 or higher on those shelves. Now, I have never seen a bad magazine in a library before. I'm sure they would never have magazines like '@ CAPS5' or '@ ORGANIZATION1' there. People wouldn't need to worry about magazines in my experience. This is my solution. Create an alternate section for all offensive material in the library instead of removing it completely. It takes away a lot of literature for people who like this material. You couldn't take away movie classics like " @ CAPS6 " or " @ CAPS7 ". These movies were placed on the top of the best movie lists. Yes they are rated @ CAPS4 but no, that doesn't take away from the fact that they are great movies. Do not remove the material. Just create a new section for it.
There are thousands of libraries around the world. All of which are filled with many books, magazines, music, movies, etc. for people of all ages to get. Some people think that the materials in a library should be censored while others think that everything should be allowed to be there. I don't think the materials in a library should be deleted or censored because the materials would shrink, people would choose what to view, and the materials would help with research. Materials in libraries should not be censored as materials allowed in libraries would decrease. Everyone has different opinions on what they think is appropriate or not. If one person decided that a book was inappropriate and removed it from the shelf, another person would also have the right to remove another book that they deemed inappropriate from the shelf. However, since everyone has different beliefs about what is appropriate and what is not, the pounds would drop off quickly. The same would apply to other library items such as magazines, movies, etc. Another reason is that everyone has their own choice of what they want to watch in a library. A fifty-year-old man wouldn't have the same interests as a thirteen-year-old girl, so if certain materials were removed there wouldn't be as much choice. If there is a small variety to choose from due to document censorship, the number of people using the library would decrease, which would cause the library to close due to the lack of people using it. Finally, the materials in a library should not be censored, because every item can help with some kind of research. A high school kid might go to the library to look for a book to help look up things for a report in one of their classes, or an older woman might go to the library looking for a cookbook for look for something new to make for her next home cooked meal. Both people would need a library item to help them with their research, but if certain library items were deleted, they might not be able to find anything to help them. The materials in a library should not be censored because the materials would shrink, people would choose what to view, and the materials would help with research. Some people think that removing items from a library should be allowed, but I totally disagree. There are many different materials today in libraries around the world for people of all ages to get in touch with, and this is how it should stay.
In my opinion, I don't really think there are any items that should be removed from the library. I think this is because a lot of people have different interests in a lot of the things that they like to do. In my opinion, I never take anything out of a library because I know there are a lot of people with many interests. At the same time, I understand that there are some items that should be taken out of the library because they might not be suitable for children. If we removed certain items from the library, people would go crazy. I think no item should be taken out of the library because a lot of people are interested in a lot of things. There are many ways to organize the library by sections so that some books or topics are in one area and others in another. We can also make sure that no minor child can enter an area reserved for adults. If we didn't take anything out of the library, we would have a lot of people coming. On the other hand, if we deleted a certain type of books, people would go crazy and not come to the library. If this happens, a smaller number of people will come. In my opinion, nothing should be removed from the library because there are many people who have many interesting topics in the library. If we remove a certain item from the library, we would lose a certain number of people. That is why we should not take anything out of the library to avoid the decrease in the number of people coming to the library. Like I said, a lot of people have a lot of interests in a lot of things and they deserve to benefit from it in the library.
Books mean a lot to people who love to read. Books have pictures, or they @ MONTH1 are even poem books. Some books shouldn't be on library shelves. They have offensive language and not so good pictures. They @ MONTH1 are learning books but little kids don't need to see that. I think books should be taken off the shelves if they are found to be offensive. Libraries need to improve their standards of what should be in the library and what should not. Books, movies, music, etc. must be in a certain section of the library where small children cannot go or reach. A library is a family place, not an entertainment area for adults. On @ DATE1, I went to the library with my brother to pick out a book for him. @ CAPS2 is only six about to be seven. He told me he wanted to buy a dinosaur book, but I told him to buy one about space and aliens . @ CAPS2 was very fond of reading. He read to our mother every night before going to bed. We were walking down the street @ CAPS1 when a lightning bolt came through the trees. “ Ekkkk ! " Said @ CAPS2 as he ran around me. We walk into the library and the old lady at the front desk says, “There's a huge storm coming. We somehow ignore it and continue our work choosing our books for @ CAPS2. @ CAPS2 and I go up the stairs to the kids section. @ CAPS2 looks around and he says' hey kayla what is this and he takes a naughty magaizine. I rush to snatch it out of his hands and he's scared. He asks 'but what sissy is that?' I don't answer. I tell him to pick a book and come over. He grabs one and we're about to have it checked out and the lights go out. It was completely dark. '@ CAPS3 keep calm.' said a man. The back-up lights come on and we all go into the lobby. We sit there for twenty minutes and the lights come back on. Everything is back to normal and we will check. We go up front and I return the wrong magazine @ CAPS2 found. The lady asked me why I was bringing it to her and I had to tell her the bad news, that he was in the children's section. She said 'oh my god!' @ CAPS2 put her books on the counter and we checked. We walked through the front doors and were on our way back.
Should public libraries censor some of the books, films and music they display? In my opinion, they shouldn't have to. As people, we have the right to learn, read, and expand our minds in any way that we think is appropriate for us. There are three main reasons why I think “ offensive ” writing, movies and music should be allowed in public libraries. One of the reasons they shouldn't be doing this is because people have written and spoken throughout history; therefore, there are too many parts that we would have to get rid of in order to eliminate them all. The second reason is that people have different opinions about what is “offensive” and what is not. The third reason that will be explained is that people will be exposed to whatever you are trying to hide, if not through the art of music, movies, or books, then through the real world we live in. Throughout history, mankind has written things down to document experiences, events, and ideas that have occurred throughout history. With these experiences come profanity, sexuality, death, and many situations that the public eye might consider “offensive”. If you were to try to delete these songs, one would destroy a lot of history for you, and two there are way too many books, movies, and music tracks you would have to get rid of. In almost all art forms, there is a point to something negative. If you were to remove them, you would end up with very few, if any, pounds. The second reason is that people have different opinions about what is bad and what is not. For example, I was on a group trip with all the other students in the group, and along the way, we made a movie. We ended up having to shut down the movie because one parent found it inappropriate. Although this parent didn't like it, other parents were upset that we turned it off because they saw nothing wrong with it. The same rules apply to books and music. It all depends on personal opinions as to whether it is " offensive " or not. The third reason is that people will experience all of the things you are trying to hide. If you take it out of the library, you'll hear about it on the news, on the radio, in a restaurant, in schools, just about anywhere. Taking the pieces out of the library will be useless in the long run. For example, people want to release a book called " The @ CAPS1 of @ ORGANIZATION1 " because it uses the word " nigger " in the story over and over. There are a lot of people who think that it is not suitable enough to be taught in school. On top of that, they want to get rid of all the books that say "nigger" and replace them with books that say "slave" instead. In my opinion, that would be a stupid thing to do, as it takes away the authenticity and effectiveness of the book. In the book, when they use the word, it's very powerful and thought-provoking. If you replace it with " slave, " that statement or passage loses its power over its readers. In conclusion, I firmly believe that libraries should not have to remove “ offensive ” books, music or films . If that happened, we would be removing some of our history and knowledge. With that, if we do, how will we know which books to release, if everyone has a different opinion on what is “ offensive ” and what is not. Finally, if we do, it won't solve anything. People in today's society will always be mean, always do sexual things, people will always use harsh language, and people will always be subjected to “ offensive ” actions . This is the society we live in and people will have to accept this fact. That's why I think we need to keep all the “ offensive ” pieces that we have, that way people reading them could be ready for the real world once they touch them.
Katherine Paterson once said, “ We can all think of a book that we hope none of our children or other children have taken off the shelves. But if I have the right to take this book off the shelf - this job that I hate - then everyone else does too. And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us. Katherine has a good idea of the idea of censorship in libraries. Most books have ideas and topics that are offensive to one person or another. I believe that books that have something offensive about them should not be censored. An idea that is offensive to one person @ MONTH1 is not offensive to another, and vice versa. Someone who is pro-life on the controversial issue of abortion @ MONTH1 thinks a book about a teenage girl having an abortion is offensive and contrary to their beliefs. In truth, the author was just trying to convey how the teenager feels and what happens when you go through something like this. Katherine Paterson put it right when she mentioned that no books would be left on the shelves. If every person felt threatened or offended by a single book, libraries should close because there would be no books left. Books on the topic of religion should also be censored, because people of different religions. The @ CAPS1 @ MONTH1 would be offensive to someone of the @ CAPS2 religion, and because of this, the @ CAPS1 could not be sold. If that happened, there would be an ongoing battle over it. Books should not be censored because an idea that is offensive to one, @ MONTH1 is not to another. If books were censored, literature would have an immediate downfall. When authors write books, they give us their whole heart. If someone thinks their book is offensive and is censored, the author of the book would be even more offended. Their life's work could fit in one book and just because a bunch of people don't like it, it's taken off the shelves. I don't know about you but I'd rather read a book with an interesting and perhaps controversial subject matter than a book that seems to be going nowhere. If the censorship in libraries has really happened, many authors @ MONTH1 say they forget it and are no longer right. It is very difficult to write a book that everyone likes. Also, the attraction for literature was going to take hold. People aren't drawn to books that don't have a quality topic that interests them. Literature would have an immediate downfall if books were censored. If books were censored, the quality of learning would not be the same. Books are learning tools and taking them away would be detrimental to education. Some teens, including me @ MONTH1, find some of the material they read, even at school, offensive or touchy. I admit that reading books for the class can be a bit boring sometimes, but it will help us in the future. These books have meaning, which is why they are chosen by teachers for students to read. Something offensive like a curse won't stop someone from figuring out the meaning of the book. The quality of learning would not be the same if books were censored. A book can be offensive, yes, but a book is not going to ruin someone's life. An important thing to remember is that picking up a book from a shelf, or not playing music because of some harmful words, is like denying the creativity and compassion of an author or artist. A book that is offensive to one, @ MONTH1 is not to another. If books were censored, literature would experience an immediate drop and the quality of learning would not be the same. For all these reasons, censorship in libraries should not be allowed.
Recently, the growing problem of censorship in libraries has caught my attention. It is unfortunate in the extreme. People have the right to safe knowledge, and library censorship is a direct violation of this right. Libraries are meant to be a place of learning and they should stay that way. History is filled with both glorious and inglorious moments. We are not always proud of what we want to do or what is happening, but these events remain whether we choose to acknowledge it or not. To think that turning a blind eye to less than clean will make it go away is not only unrealistic, but also completely ignoring the facts. I realize that there are things kids shouldn't see or hear and I'm not suggesting that we expose them to these things. I'm just saying that trying to hide them from what we consider unclean is neither fair nor a good idea in general. We cannot house our children forever and sooner or later they will learn things that we wish they had not learned. It's inevitable. Life does not try to hide its darker side from us at all, and hiding it from our children will only serve to cripple them. Are there things children need to be protected? Yes, for a while, but it is the role of the individual parent to protect their child. Protect the children, but don't do it at the expense of everyone else. Why should the opinions of one bother everyone else? Those who claim to know what people should see and what they shouldn't see are out of touch. Those who are prudish enough to believe that people need to be protected for their natural, formal, or their own desires have no more right, and perhaps even less than everyone else, to interfere with it. individual decision-making. People have the right to make their own choices about what they believe, but not the right to impose those opinions on others. This @ MONTH1 essay makes no difference, but it said what needed to be said and therefore served its purpose. Once this task is completed, I can end up with a clear conscience.
I believe if you hear or read anything offensive, there are many reasons they should stay. I think everyone should know the history of the world which means racism or offense. I feel like if you are reading a book or listening to music and hear something offensive to you, just turn it off. You don't have to listen to it or read it, it's your choice. Libraries should keep records because the people of the world should know what it feels like to be offended. I certainly don't like the feeling of being offended, but it's something that people go through life with. There are @ MONTH1 people who probably disagree with me this is just my option. You @ MONTH1 go to some libraries around the world that do not allow certain people to enter because of their opinions on the selection of materials offered by the library. I once overheard a woman in a library recounting how she went to the police about someone writing things offensive to their religion on the internet @ CAPS1 was happening to the person, but this is the made her go to the police. She could have handled the situation on her own, just comforting the person about it. I feel like the minute she started reading it, she should have turned away or left the website. It was his decision to keep reading it. I don't see why she should go to the police, if that was just the person's opinion. Libraries should keep records because maybe someone wants to know what it means to be offensive or to be offended. Libraries should not have to hide this topic from anyone. People are offensive because they were shaved or just born that way. Some people just have to face these people. They might not like it or @ MONTH1 doing something towards them in their life, but they have to live with them. Ultimately, whether they like it or not, libraries should keep certain materials out of the way, even if they are offensive to people. Libraries shouldn't just change their methods for some people who don't like documents. There are a lot of people around the world who want to know more about the subject. These people should not be arrested by those who do not like the subject. It's just outside of life
Are there certain items such as books, magazines, movies, etc. to be removed from library shelves if these @ MONTH1 items are offensive to others ? There are many possible answers to this question, but I think if someone dislikes a certain book or finds it offensive, they shouldn't be allowed to take it off the shelf. I believe that he / she should not be able to take it off the market because if that person finds it offensive, there are others who would not find it offensive. For example, @ PERSON1 may want to read a book on abortion, but @ CAPS1 is against and offended by that book or topic. If this book is taken off the shelf, it restricts other people, such as @ PERSON1, who would like to know more or read about that specific topic. Another reason I think some books, magazines, music, or movies shouldn't be taken off the shelves is that if a book is offensive to some people, another book @ MONTH1 will be offensive to others as well. So if there are people who find certain books offensive and then are taken away; there will be a small amount of books for other students to read. Even though some @ MONTH1 books offend people, I think the book or magazine should not be removed from the bookcase or shelf. I believe that if someone does not like a certain book, magazine, movie, music, etc., that person should not have the right to take that book or any other material away from them. They shouldn't be taken out because other people might want to read this book, and secondly, it would leave a lot less books for other people to read and know about.
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, I disagree with removing material from the library. Personally, I don't think it's the libraries' fault if someone is offended by books, movies, music or magazines etc. If they didn't like the book or movie, it was their fault that they chose it in the first place. Children under thirteen shouldn't be able to watch movies that are not for them, they shouldn't be seeing those bad movies or those horror movies at such a young age. I want libraries to think about it; because it's not fair for adults or older kids. Fun movies entertain children daily; some children even quote movies and make other children laugh. I know for a fact that we teenagers watch funny movies to turn our tough day into a better one, or so I do. There are films that are so funny that I could quote a line from them. Nowadays, music is very important for teenagers. It always pleases me. I love music without it, I don't really know where I would be in this world. I like a lot of different kinds of music, most of them are a lot of fun to listen to. I'm not a big rock fan, you wouldn't see me picking this up in the library. We teenagers love music, we use music for just about everything. We dance on it, sing on it, we train on it, and most of all we enjoy it. Books are always important, even though I don't like to read, I still like to read books that interest me. For example, you wouldn't see me reading a scary book because it would just remind me of the movie and I would have nightmares. The books that interest me the most are fiction books. My two favorite books are A @ CAPS1 To @ CAPS2 and The @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4. These two books are from the author @ PERSON1. I love all of his books but these are the best. Please rethink your decision to get rid of bad music, books, and movies. @ CAPS2 it's not the libraries' fault, it's the people who borrow them. If they don't like him, they should never have brought him home in the first place. I say we let it go, and let the people be happy
There are many books out there that are not suitable for children or teens, although they can still be viewed in the library. They can take them home, read it, and discover things that shouldn't be discovered at their age. Children watch @ NUM1 rated movies and @ CAPS1 and unedited @ CAPS2 movies and they learn a lot of bad things or words that they shouldn't be using at their age. Libraries are supposed to make sure you are @ NUM2 years old before watching a rated @ CAPS1 movie. In addition, you must be of a certain age to purchase @ CAPS2 and games for older teens. You would have to be a certain age to watch or buy a movie or anything that has vulgar language. Today's children are not as mature as they used to be. Things are very different today. My opinion is that teens should be a certain age to rent or buy things that are bad, but I read books that weren't really that good for my age either. Guess that's how mature you are and ready to take on vulgar things. It should be your parents' decision to see if you are ready or not. My final conclusion is that it depends on how mature you are and whether you think you are ready. Stores and libraries should set limits on books and ages. Although some people will not agree. There should be limits for teens and age privileges and they should respect them enough not to make them
Many people base their actions on their own opinions. What @ MONTH1 seems to be justified in their mind, because of their beliefs, might cause an uproar in others. An example: media censorship. It happens every day, in every place. Someone can take it upon themselves to, in their mind, "improve the room for viewing @ CAPS8". In reality, however, they really ruin the media experience for everyone and even hamper our constitutional rights: @ CAPS1 du @ CAPS2. First of all, the books in the library. Whenever I go to the library and pick up books, there is always a book with the " bad parts " marked on it. Someone had found these words offensive and decided that no one should have to see or read them. For me, it was irritating. I don't always like those words either, but tagging them is awkward for the page and for me ruins the author's voice and writing style, thus altering what I get out of the book. Some marked words are not always offensive to others either. Simply put, if you find the book offensive, don't read it. Others @ MONTH1 like it, whether they share your point of view or @ CAPS7. People also take the liberty of simply removing entire media from the shelves just because they find it offensive. If everyone deleted something they didn't like or found offensive, there would be nothing left in the world for anyone to enjoy. We, as citizens of @ LOCATION1, have the right to make our own choices, and our choices @ CAPS7 should be limited by the opinions of certain people. This means that if I want to read or see something, it has to be available to me, so I learn @ MONTH1 and broaden my views, even if it makes someone else uncomfortable. With almost every form of questionable media coming out, people are haranguing the producers and saying the play should never have been made. Wrong. Producers and writers can publish whatever they want. It's called @ CAPS1 from @ CAPS2, and it's a right that is guaranteed to us, as @ CAPS5 citizens, under @ CAPS6. Most importantly, if plays like this are produced, people read them. Clear and simple. You could @ CAPS7, but maybe a neighbor, or even a relative, @ MONTH1 @ CAPS7 will be offended and might read it. Supply and demand. If everyone found it offensive, no one would buy or read it, and because of that, it wouldn't be produced again. You will get your way. But no. Some people read it and it is produced. Again, if you don't like it, don't read it. People should @ CAPS7 take it upon themselves to censor what others can and cannot do, see or read. If anyone wants to read a story that contains "bad words", so be it. Others should @ CAPS7 spoil the experience by tagging the words. @ CAPS7 is only rude and ruins the reader's experience, but it also destroys someone else's property. If anyone wants to see something that is against a certain religion, so be it. They have the right and no one can take it away from them right away. In my opinion, censorship in libraries, whether by government or other civilians, should @ CAPS7 be allowed. We citizens have the right to make our own choices and in @ CAPS8 libraries, @ CAPS8 should be allowed to read or watch whatever they want. Choice is one of the principles of the constitution, and it must be protected, @ CAPS7 limited
Many libraries contain books, movies, music, and magazines that may be considered offensive. All of these libraries, however, have some reason to have these books. Whether these reasons are for education or recreation, libraries have reasons for them. Thus, libraries which have " offensive " books should be allowed to keep them because they are not offensive to everyone and could be of benefit to the reader. Those books that are considered offensive to some people @ MONTH1 will not be to others. For example, @ PERSON2, which is from @ CAPS1, walks into a library and finds a book on @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3, and it reads that @ CAPS1 is full of a group of people who mistreated their slaves. @ PERSON2 gets an offended @ CAPS5 by this. Then @ CAPS5 @ PERSON3, which is a @ CAPS6 @ CAPS7, take the same book and read everything about @ CAPS1 and how they treated their slaves. @ CAPS5 @ PERSON3 thinks the same book @ PERSON2 hated is a great book. As the example shows, the people of @ LOCATION2 are very diverse, but what comes with that diversity is a lot of opposing views among its citizens. A library doesn't want to appeal to one race, it wants to appeal to all of them, the only way to do that is to accidentally offend some people in the process. The citizens of @ LOCATION1 need to understand more that their race is not the only one here. If a book offends a person, that person just shouldn't be reading it. However, these books, which many @ MONTH1 find offensive, could also be of benefit to its readers. Some of these books might be of use to people who choose to read them. Going back to the @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 reference, @ PERSON2 was reading her manual @ LOCATION3 @ CAPS11, and she read the horrible acts @ CAPS1 had done regarding their slaves and the fact that they had lost the @ CAPS3 to @ ORGANIZATION1, and she got offended because her side lost. Then @ CAPS5 @ PERSON4, who is in the same class as @ PERSON2, was reading his history textbook and getting more and more thrilled as he continued to read. He found that children across the country were learning what had happened to his ancestors and that @ ORGANIZATION1 had defeated @ CAPS1. @ PERSON3 was as happy as he could be with this book, while @ PERSON2 couldn't be more unhappy. If this book were out of the library, how would students across the country learn @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 ? They wouldn't. Libraries cannot just throw books away because they offend someone. As Katherine Paterson said, if we all picked up a stack of books that offend us and got rid of them, then there wouldn't be any more books for any of us to read because other nations would be. offended by books that appeal to one, and so on. So libraries need to keep the books they have and get even more books. This nation needs as many books as it can get because they are all extremely useful to those they turn to. We just need to remember that not all books appeal to us and not be offended by those who don't.
Censorship in books, in my opinion, is overrated. Everywhere you hear about offensive or degrading books, music, magazines and movies, does that mean they should be taken off the shelves of our public libraries or bookstores? I say no because future generations need to know about the material, it @ MONTH1 is not always offensive, and public libraries do not have the right to tell us what we can and cannot read. Some say that our future generations will be greatly short of knowledge, or will become naive because of this lack of knowledge. I say it's because of the censorship in the libraries. Katherine Paterson once said, “ We can all think of a book that we hope none of our children or other children have taken off the shelves. But if I have the right to take this book off the shelf - this job that I hate - then you have the exact same right and everyone else too. And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us. So if they take books off the shelves because they find them offensive, then there will be so many books gone, that the kids won't have a wider view like so many people are lucky enough to have today. 'hui. Everyone has a different opinion on everything, including what is offensive and what is not. If a person considers a book to be offensive, that doesn't necessarily mean someone else will see it as well. I have heard that teachers do not let students see @ CAPS1 photos because they think it is offensive. Not everyone agrees with this. The @ CAPS1 is a big part of the story and it's considered offensive, it's not the only thing in the story that's bad. If they start to delete large parts of the story, it will be lost and long forgotten. Finally, I think libraries shouldn't be able to tell us what we can and can't read. We have the right to choose what we want to read, if we think it's bad and we shouldn't read it, then we won't read it. But that doesn't mean they should take the book down because someone finds it offensive. Someone else might want to read it. I think people are mature enough to choose what to read, and when it comes to children, their parents can choose for them. With so many different opinions it's hard to decide what to do about censorship, I think if it's offensive maybe they should have a special section for explicit media and reading. Maybe then the people wouldn't be offended by it. Just because one person doesn't like it that another doesn't either.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3, my name is @ PERSON1 and I think everyone has the right to have their own opinion. People @ MONTH1 don't want kids to look at certain things, but they need to keep them where kids can't find them. Children all over the world hear bad language, see fights, and even see people being shot. There are a lot more bad things in life than the movies, books, and music that children listen to, watch or read. I think the world is sometimes more dangerous than anything else. Adults @ MONTH1 want children to grow up differently from others, so they need to tell them not to listen and watch the wrong things on TV. But, if there are kids out there who want to know more about things that are going on that aren't the best, then people should let them be. It wouldn't be fair if people, movies, or things had to change just because other people didn't like it. Why should others change just for those who don't like it. Some materials are bad but can only be purchased at the age of eighteen. That's why people should be okay with things that don't involve minors. Having things censored ruins a lot, the fact that it was done that way should stay that way. I'm sure a lot of people @ MOIS1 disagree with my report, but it's something to watch and think about. People wouldn't do what they do if it was supposed to be censored. It takes away the meaning of a lot of things. So my answer is NO to remove things that are not censored. Keep them so that people can understand life in a simple and hard way. Sincerely, @ PERSON1
I believe as a citizen of this city and as a library enthusiast that censorship in libraries is necessary. Some elements of the @ DATE1 libraries are very graphic and sometimes quite offensive. Do we really want our kids to watch half-naked people or the murder of innocent people just because of their skin color? In the libraries of @ DATE1, many books and films depict racism. Take for example the movie '@ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ PERSON1.' In the movie, the white kids get yelled at for playing with the kids @ CAPS3- @ CAPS4. It is a wonderful example of why censorship is necessary. Just think if your kid watched this and then went to say something rude to one of their friends, who is @ CAPS3- @ CAPS4, that would be very offensive to them. Although this film is about historical events, it has yet to be taken off the shelves, in the opinion of @ CAPS1. In @ DATE1's society, nudity is becoming a big issue in movies and also in books. You @ MONTH1 think it's okay to let your child watch a movie rated @ NUM1, but you didn't know it contains nudity. Depending on your child's age and whether or not you leave them on the computer, they might think it's okay to go looking for nude photos on the Internet. Also, in the books it becomes a problem. It was just the other day that I sat down to read a book about a musical that I wanted to see, and it had nude pics in it. Once I found this out, I asked @ CAPS1's mom to please take it back. These are the kinds of things that need to be taken off the shelves of our libraries. The use of language in music is also a big problem. Many rap artists think it's okay to use offensive and explicit language in their music. I don't think they take into consideration that young children will listen to their music. This kind of music needs to be taken off the shelves. You @ MONTH1 think your young child can listen to it now, but just wait until those words are part of their vocabulary. I think library censorship is a big issue that needs to be taken into deep consideration. It's @ MONTH1 different at first, especially when you go get your favorite rap tape or your favorite @ NUM1 movie, but trust me in the long run you'll thank the library for taking it off the shelves. Especially when you get older and have children. You won't want them to listen, read or watch the things you watched as a kid
I'm writing this article today to talk about censorship of books, movies, music, etc. I think there should only be certain things on you that children can see. If you walk into a store or a video store, there are so many different things kids are exposed to. They see things and then seeing it makes them think that stuff is @ CAPS1. I believe there should be a very limited selection that children can see. Things that are not appropriate should not be visible to children. I think that the things that are bad should be taken out of oneself and put elsewhere. Also, the music on the radio is censored, yes, but that doesn't mean people don't know what the words are. There are people who go crazy over certain words and they are still on the radio, on @ CAPS2, in the books. They are everywhere. Things would be completely different if people looked at what they put in stuff. It makes people, especially children, believe that some things are @ CAPS1 and they are not. We should have very strict rules on things like this, so nothing inappropriate is shown to people who make them think that's it @ CAPS1. There are now rules on things like this, but that doesn't mean underage children can always see this stuff. That's why I think there's so much violence now because kids play video games like @ CAPS5 from @ CAPS6 and when they see shots and stuff they think it's @ CAPS1 and they grow up believing in it. I'm writing this post today to request a journal article about stricter rules for this stuff and maybe that will start to make things like violence less
Would you like to read or listen to something that disrespects you and calls you by name, for example “ @ CAPS1 did you tell me @ CAPS2 ” ? Would you like to keep things like this in your libraries? I would like, I think anything that is hurtful, harmful or offensive should be open to the public because it is a great way and a great opportunity to learn. Slavery books, magazines, and music are things I think we as a people are required to read are things we are required to have. Of course, it can hurt, depress, or even irritate some people, but it also fills you with knowledge about the past. For a person of any race, it is a way of feeling the pain and the struggle of people before us. Despite the pain or irritation, this is a type of learning I would appreciate in libraries. Knowledge of suicide is also something that I think should be available. Because some of our friends and family have committed suicide or attempted suicide, and without knowing it how can we avoid it. Books on the subject would help those who, throughout their lives, have thoughts of suicide. Reading past struggles or facts about it might give them tips or ideas on how to avoid suicide. I think we need some literature on this because I think clarification on the subject is the only way to avoid it. In conclusion, I believe that all types of literature should be admitted and made public. I think this is because all forms of literature provide a great opportunity to learn. I think it is only by reading the literature on the situations and struggles past that you can avoid or overcome the struggles that you face, or which you will face during your life.
Why books or other ideas like that, but back to the topic. Do some books need to be aloud to be in a library. Because if you don't have certain books, you will have to read the same book over and over again. But there are all kinds of books you can choose from, you've got history, poems, dramas, love, scary. But some are not suitable for certain places. Some music is ok but there are some that I wouldn't approve of. Like there, rap is a lot of people who rhyme. Let people think about life in their heads. Something they want to express by recounting a rape. There is rock in roll, a lot of people don't care. When it was introduced at the end of @ NUM1, but over time people started to listen to it. But a lot of people didn't want the kids to listen. At the time, they said it was devil's music. But nowadays, a lot of people still listen to rock n roll. Because they were brought up with that kind of music. Movies, there are a lot of different movies. There is @ NUM2 and noted @ CAPS1 but many parents do not leave their children. Watch certain movies because they scare children. They are so ugly and disgusting that some people cannot stand it. But there are children's shows there like a movie but a little shorter. Magazines are just a new thing that people are trying. But most older people read magazines because they have a lot of free time. But there are people who cannot access magazines. Because they want to buy everything in the book. It attracts attention by its appearance. But there are all kinds of different magazines on mucle, food, cleaning, toys. But that's what I think of this genre. Some stuff sucks people in, but some can't get out of it. By the time they come out they're broke
If we were to take away everything anyone in the world finds offensive, there would be nothing left. Many people in different cultures find a lot of different things offensive. it is not good to take something away from others because a small group of people take offense. Something offensive isn't always a bad thing. There are many different reasons, but deleting something because of someone else's opinion is not correct. First, whether you find something offensive or not, it largely depends on your culture. For most crops @ CAPS1, the decline in food is offensive. For @ CAPS2, eating or hurting cows anyway is a total disgrace. If something is offensive to someone, it's @ MONTH1 because they have a different past. You are never going to please everyone. Second, one of the advantages of @ LOCATION1 is that you can have your own beliefs. If something were taken off the shelf of a library because someone found it offensive, I would be disturbed. I have my own beliefs that I'm sure not everyone agrees with. Some of my beliefs would be offensive to some people. That doesn't mean I should be silent about my beliefs, does it? No of course not. I wouldn't want someone else's beliefs forced on me. I'm sure no one wants my beliefs forced on them. By removing things from a shelf because it offends you, you would also be taking away the freedom of expression from the shelf. This is not only wrong, it is illegal. Some people would be offended by a book with a cross on it. Some people would be offended by a @ CAPS3 blanket with a pentgram. This does not mean that they should be withdrawn. It's good to be offended sometimes. This often causes people to stand up for what they believe. To me, it's a reminder of why I believe what I do. I @ MONTH1 being angry by what I see. I'm sure the @ ORGANIZATION1 terrorist group is greatly offended when they see the @ CAPS4 flag. We wouldn't stop waving it, would we? It would be absurd! Just because someone takes offense at something doesn't mean it's wrong. He never did. It just means that they have different beliefs. We should have the maturity to look away instead of demanding that it be deleted. Personally, I think removing things from the public eye just because they are offensive would be wrong for a number of reasons. So many people find so much offensive. It would remove everything if we removed eac and everyone. Removing offensive material would also be an intrusion on freedom of expression. In addition, there are many offensive things that often remind us of who we are. We should be tied up enough to look away and not fight over it. I don't think they should be deleted. I want my library to be what @ CAPS5 was designed to be, a mix of cultures and backgrounds. I don't think you should delete anything unless it directly harms people
During school one day all of our teachers told the class that most of the books in the library were going to be taken off the shelves. But our class doesn't want that to happen. All the teachers told us that some parents complained about what the children read. I thank the fact that most of the books that are in the library are good for children to watch because it is what they love and they love to learn what they would like to have or do someday. I also thank that it is a good thing that children want to learn what they want to do later in life. Later in life, when I have children, I would like them to dream about what they want to do in their life. So if that means they want to go to school and watch magazines all day and make sure that's what he wants to do, that's fine with me. So if teachers want books to come off the shelves, they can, but I don't think kids are going to try a lot if they can't be who they want to be later in life. I know if they did this to my kids, I would buy them all the magazines they want so they can learn what they want to do with a living. So if they take all the books off the shelves, I know every parent of kids is probably going to get mad because this is what ruins children's dreams. When kids know what to read, schools pull all the good books off the shelves, none of the kids will know what they want to do later in life. A good thing to do is let the students vote and see what to do to get the books off the shelves. I bet most of the students in this world would say keep them on the shelves because they love to read and look at pictures. It means that they want to be something when they grow up. I hope my child will be something he enjoys doing when he grows up. I will help any child as much as I can with their dreams. Two things are going to happen. The first is that the school is going to take the books off the shelves and the students are not doing it at school and they might not know what they want to be. Or they might just give it all up. And I know we know what's going on. The second thing is that the schools are going to keep the books on the shelves and the students are going to want to read them more. Plus, they'll likely know whey wants to do it later in life. If I could choose what to do I would keep the books on the shelves and make the child happy
Everyone has their own opinion about censorship in libraries. I believe that what libraries choose to put on their shelves should not be censored. Not every human being has the same taste in what he reads, listens to, looks at and watches. In today's generation, everyone has their own opinion on censorship. I don't agree with censorship because not everyone likes the same things, has the same thoughts, has the same lifestyle, and wants to learn the same things. Everyone is an individual and is different in their own way. If libraries wanted to censor what they publish, not everyone would be able to read, listen and watch what they wanted. If libraries censor things, people would feel left out. For example, if the library only put romantic things, then what would action lovers do? A library is for everyone and everyone who visits it. A specific type of person doesn't go to the library. Everyone grows up in a different lifestyle. Children don't choose their parents. Some parents censor what their children read and watch, and some don't. Children whose parents don't censor what they choose to get in the library may have different interests. Not everyone likes the same things. In school, most of the time, everyone learns the necessary basic information. Outside of school there is so much more to learn. People can go to libraries and find out about different things they want to learn. What people choose to study in their spare time can range from drugs and sex to @ CAPS1. If libraries censored what people can read, watch, listen to, not everyone would get the extra information they wanted. Libraries cannot censor their documents! I don't agree that libraries censor the materials they choose to release to the public. People are different and that's good. If libraries choose to censor things, not everyone will have the same opportunities. Parents can censor what their children read if they wish. Not all parents choose to censor what their children get in the library ; therefore children have different interests. Human beings don't always want to learn the same things. Libraries that choose to censor what they publish don't give everyone the same opportunity to learn. Please let people be who they want to be! Don't censor what libraries publish like books, music, movies, and magazines
I think it is wrong to remove books from library shelves even if they are deemed offensive. I have three reasons to support this assertion. These reasons are knowledge, the different sections of the library and freedom. I'll explain these reasons below, but before I start I'd like to add that most people want to censor the things they fear. If a book is removed from a shelf because someone finds it offensive, the next person who picks up that book cannot access it. How is that fair? There are a lot of things in life that can offend people, but that's life, you have to learn to let these things go. Everyone has the right to form their own opinions and opinions on things, but they cannot if they do not read the opinions of others. Reading expands our vacabulaire, at any age. Just because you don't like something doesn't mean someone else can't like it. You have to give them a chance to form an oppionion. Libraries are everywhere. If you're worried that your kids will find books that you don't want them to see, take them to a library with sections. All libraries are divided into sections. Keep your children in the " children " section and there should be no problem in this area. Once your kids get older, allow them to browse the library and make up their minds about the types of books they like the most. We live at @ LOCATION1, which since its founding has been entirely dedicated to freedom. Some people don't have the money to buy books or the Internet, so they depend on public libraries. If they are looking for books and can't find a topic that interests them, they won't read. They might even be looking for a specific book and not be able to find it because it has been pulled from the shelf. There is also a religious conflict. There are many different versions of @ CAPS1 but many different religions. People come from all walks of life, so if they don't believe in @ CAPS1, do we take it off the shelves too ? In closing, I would like to add that I can also see why people would want to censor certain things. However, most of the things people don't like to see are things they fear. These people cannot hide from reality, not everything is good in the world, so let's not pretend everything is perfect and do our best to contribute to the well-being of society. What could be better than letting everyone read what they want
Cool the @ CAPS1: @ CAPS2 and @ CAPS3 from the book @ PERSON1 _________ Censorship in public libraries would be an insult to the institution. A library, a citadel of knowledge, should not be bound by a society as to the knowledge it can transmit. One of the points of a library, intended for researchers, is to offer information to be sought: for those who cannot find the information at home without fear, for those who cannot ask their questions. without retaliation, the library is a pillar of security. Books are incapable of judgment. To censor books in a library is to undermine human progress. A freedom of thought and a freedom of the press, present within our nation and more and more present around @ CAPS5, exclude the idea of this censorship. If a book is subject to criticism or opposition, aren't all books worth the same? Valuing one opinion or perspective less than another is to demean the whole culture out of which libraries are born. Libraries are a common institution, open to all points of view and all writings. The point of bringing books together under one roof is to assimilate them and give them all equal status as literature or scholarly work. In my personal experience, censorship in the library cost me precious time and robbed me of parts of my life. Growing up in a small town, where ideas of gender and sexuality were fairly firmly entrenched, any dissenting opinion research was often unsuccessful. When I visited my school library, as a child looking for answers about my sexuality, I found little help. Around the library were a thousand stories of a man and a woman falling in love, but I never found a fairy tale of two princes. It wasn't until I left school that I found out that such books existed in my old school library, but they were being pulled, taken from the shelves, restricted. More insulting than finding books on @ CAPS4's issues completely unrepresented was to find that they were dealt with so separately. This is where the problem lies. Some people believe that if minority opinions or values are not represented, they will disappear. This is the purpose of censorship: to ignore a problem or a choice of life until extinction. But books cannot shout their values. They can't shove information down our throats. Books must be read, we must give our consent to their knowledge. Unlike an advertisement that might surprise us, we have to pick up a book and open it to receive his advice. If my library had done its job and given me the advice I was looking for, I would have grown much easier. I would not only have learned to express myself and accept myself, but I might also have grown up to accept others more easily. Over the past few years, with the effects of @ CAPS5 @ CAPS6 @ CAPS7 reaching the last generation, @ LOCATION1 has sought ways to honor the victims of @ CAPS8 and @ CAPS9 violence. What the country is seeing, however, is that it cannot effectively commemorate tragedies. As they try to build a monument, government and culture find they don't have much to do. The products of the murder and the fire-burning created a void, a void. As such, the architects created what @ MONTH1 is called “anti-monuments,” commemorating a void to posterity to commemorate what has been lost. One of the most powerful, to me at least, appears in the form of a negative shelf: a solid wall, with gaping holes in the shape of a book spine, spanning the rows. This is the knowledge lost by burning books. We cannot even describe what is lost, because the knowledge is gone. We have to ask ourselves, what are we missing? What views, what prose, what beauty has taken hold of us as we continue to live, without ever having the chance to see it? This is the effect of library censorship. To remove a book from its natural and legitimate place on a shelf is to ignite its words. Once he's gone, he'll be forgotten. To protect our posterity, to enlighten our descendants, we must work to preserve any books, any books that seem offensive, or disgusting, or brave, or new. Let the reader decide its value. Let the person looking for answers take it or leave it behind. Give the book a chance because @ MONTH1 has a power that is unrealized. Leave the libraries as they are, as monuments of the preservation and advancement of knowledge and wisdom.
Have you ever wondered how libraries choose their books? Well i know i have. There is material out there that no one wants a little kid to get their hands on. I think censorship should be allowed in libraries, because book censorship is vital for the children of the world to live a life without books on violence, another reason is that it not only affects children's lives, but also the social life of everyone, and the overrated music of our generation. My reasons for this can be seen in two different ways, but I would like to see them in my own way. Look around, are their little children around. Well if that was the case I would watch what they read or do. Children can read books that are too explicit for their age. Take the example of a six-year-old who can do whatever he wants. They have no limits. So one day the child decides that I am going to get a book from the library. The child gets a book on violence and sex. What does the parent do when this child brings this book home ? Nothing. Parents don't do anything because they don't care about their own child. Now is the time to step in, librarians. Take a stand and censor these books. This is what could happen to any child if there are any books that could be harmful to anyone who picks them up. Children aren't the only ones affected by this deadly disease called Uncensored Books. Think about the conversations that take place in schools and in the workplace. What are the conversations mainly about? I guess they're mostly about sex and violence. How do these conversations come about? Well, the only reason is the uncensored books in the library. Anyone can consult a book in the library. It could be the elderly to toddlers. When I was little my parents said to go to the library and learn something. What if the library didn't have censored books, what would I be reading? Social life is greatly affected by what they learn and how they learn the material. Finally, why is it that every time I turn on the radio, there is always a song that is not good to listen to. I listen to radio station @ NUM1 sometimes and all the music is mostly about violence. Guess what the libraries have some of those compact discs from these artists that are played on this radio station. In the library, there is a music section, a cinema section, and finally books. All this material combined can create a social disaster, if the material is not censored. I believe censored music is the best way to go, because our world wouldn't be obsessed with violence if they had never read or learned about it. Why should we still suffer with uncensored books in the library? Take a chance and fight for what you believe in and vote for censored books. A library is a place to sit and enjoy the surroundings. This is not a place for violence, so stop, go for a safer environment. No one deserves to be offered the damaging violence of uncensored books and music
'@ CAPS1', the woman yelled as she had just received a fierce, sharp, quick stab in the back by her abusive husband. This is the kind of violence kids read all over @ CAPS2. Thinking about all the inappropriate things kids see around @ CAPS2 on TV, on the internet and even what classmates are talking about isn't enough, you'd be wrong. Some of the things you read and hear in books are totally unacceptable. This is why books and magazines should be censored in libraries all around @ CAPS2. In our community library at @ LOCATION1, @ LOCATION2 we have magazines, in which case these magazines are very graphic. Children will read them on any learning or interesting book. Many children draw disrespectful things in themselves. As for thinking that wasn't ignorant enough, they also tear them in half and do a lot of other dismantling things to them. One of the reasons I think @ CAPS2 has so much trouble with criminals is that kids these days feel like they're allowed to draw books and tear them in half. 'they are not their property. Which makes them think they can do whatever they want. Kids read crazy stuff that doesn't necessarily teach you anything. Unless it does, you want to know that a zombie and zombie apocalypse is taking control of @ CAPS2. Having that in a school public library, what does that teach children? Absolutely nothing, but teaching them to take them home and show their little brother or sister a dirty word in the book is to teach them bad things. These are all valid points for censoring or removing some of the books to read quietly in libraries, or possibly censoring some of the swear words. The last point I will cover in this discussion is the loss of money that some schools have due to damaged books and stolen goods. To also mention all the dirty pictures that kids draw in magazines and books. Schools are wasting a lot of money just to touch this point. They would save a much needed amount of money if they didn't let these books leave the classroom or school library. Children wouldn't be able to attract them, steal them, or even damage them, and all the money they could save and spend on something fulfilling. Well behaved children all around @ CAPS2 are what you can expect if you censor books and magazines all around @ CAPS2 in libraries. If you don't let them out of the library, how could children damage them, steal them, or even attract them. By not allowing children to do what they want and by showing some authority, the kids around @ CAPS2 know they need to show respect. With all the money that libraries and schools save, they can spend it on something rewarding learning. If you could take the information I gave you and think about it, that would be greatly appreciated.
I believe there should be a bit of censorship in libraries. There are some books that might be a bit offensive and cause problems, but I also think that even if a book is insulting, you shouldn't be able to hide it from others. There are some books with some pretty nasty stuff that you might find in a library. Since a library is public, a lot of people go looking for books. What is preventing a child from accessing any of those books or movies that you can find in libraries ? Do you really want a kid to check out something that contains violence, horrible language, and sexual innuendos ? What can you do about this problem ? You could censor the books and hide them from the public, but that would pose another problem. The idea of censorship might sound okay, but it's really not the right thing to do. Hiding things from the public just because there might be bad stuff in it is a bit of a stretch. If you are an adult and you are in the mood to read something a little bit violently, you will have to go somewhere else because someone just took this book because it had bad words that they cannot find. appropriate in the books. Censorship would simply make it harder for adults to find books they would like to read. So what do you do if there is an offensive book on the shelf ? Do you just leave it there or take it out so no one can read it ? You could just put age restrictions on the books. If a minor wanted to view the book, they would have to get permission from their parents. This way the book can stay on the shelf and be read by anyone
People all judge things differently. That's why I think libraries should keep these kinds of books. What @ MONTH1 may be found to be offensive to one person may not be to another. If there are people who say that certain books are offensive, then they should take them out of the library. You shouldn't take a book down because someone thinks it's offensive. What may be offensive to one person @ MONTH1 interests another. The person who doesn't think so should have the right to read the book. It would be taking away people's rights because a person finds it offensive. The person may find the book useful because they want to know more about the topic. They will never be able to find out more if they remove the book because someone finds it offensive or doesn't like it. Personally, I like to watch movies or read exciting books and @ MONTH1 contains some violence. If the library released these books or films because a mother saw her son or daughter read or watch, that would be a mistake. The mother would take away from me what I love to read and watch. It is not fair at all. One way to solve this problem is to have certain areas for each type of age group; therefore, they would watch or read types of things acceptable to their age group. I understand the fact that some people take things offensive. Plus, they don't want their kids to buy a book or movie that isn't acceptable for their age group. They need to understand, however, that sometimes people like this stuff and deprive it of those who like it. It's like taking rights away from people because they don't agree with what's going on. It would not be right at all to remove these books from the library. All people have different views on things. You can't change a thing if a person doesn't like it. People have the right to take a book whether they want to or not. Not everyone is the same, so not everyone will think the same. I like things some people might not like, that's how human nature is
Over time, libraries have been used as an important resource for writing reports, researching, renting movies, and just trying to find something new to read. They have been used as a gateway to a vast world of reading and learning. All libraries should have the right to have the content they want on their shelves. No book, music, movie, magazine, etc., should ever be denied a shelf spot because of its content. Sex, drugs, violence. There are many books out there on these topics that many people @ MONTH1 find offensive or just completely oblivious to. Every mind is different when it comes to what it likes to read, watch, or hear. No mind is the same, so no mind will ever love the exact same thing. Anytime someone wants to go and buy a safe sex book, they shouldn't be refused because the library won't allow it. It should be placed in another section of the library. Many books that people find explicit content for them, @ MONTH1 not for others. When I was in college I heard a lot about sex and drugs. I never knew what it looked like or how I felt. What I knew was that I could get information accessible from my local library. What happens when a child wants to know more than her? She watches and does research. If I had been denied access to books on sex or drugs, I probably would never have been warned of the outcome or the seriousness of both. When you walk into a library and watch. Not everyone reads a book about rainbows and unicorns. A lot of people read real life books that they can relate to. Many of those books that a lot of people read are what others call self-explanatory. The purpose of a library is to have access to books, magazines, music and movies of any type of content, without concern for others. In addition, there is a lot that libraries can do so that some @ MONTH1 content is not near others. They can organize themes and genres there. Explicit books, movies, magazines, or music, or eighteen or older @ MONTH1 should be placed in a back room or just across the library. Away from the reach where children and children can reach. In conclusion, I believe, with my strongly favorable views, that books, magazines, music or movies should not be removed if they are found to be offensive, because every book has a right to put on the shelf, what be it. No books should be deleted because someone @ MONTH1 finds them offensive. If a person finds something offensive, they should speak to the author or editors, not the library, as they only let people borrow the content.
Censorship is a subject on which he has taken a strong stand. If a person dislikes the content of a text, that person might find themselves saying that they have the right to refrain from being able to display that text in a library, public place, or online source. But what about other people? Shouldn't they have their say too? Let's say that " person 1 " does not agree with the language of a text, but " person two ", perhaps. Who has the advantage in the @ CAPS1 situation ? Freedom of speech and expression are two factors that are highly valued, and perhaps even sometimes ignored in our society. In the case of @ CAPS1, "person one" and "person two" have the right to say and think what they think about the text. Should " person 1 " always have the right to say that the @ CAPS1 text does not belong to a public place ? Now, if every person had the right to take something away from the public that they didn't agree with, there would be nothing left. In such a large and diverse society, there is bound to be at least one person who does not agree with the content of a certain material in every lyrics, magazine, book and text available. Some might say that @ CAPS1 is unfair to this group who disagree with the content of a document. But how is that fair to the other group that is actually okay with this material ? Freedom of speech and expression is still not excluded from this group which does not agree with such material. This group is always allowed to express their opinions and is supportive of that particular material, as well as people who agree with the material. Take iTunes for example. If there is a song whose language and / or content could be considered disrespectful to a person, there is a red tag next to the song that says " explecit ". @ CAPS1 is an indicator that a person who might find foul language offensive, such a person should not purchase this song. There is also the compromise. Quite often if a song is tagged as " explecit " it is usually an alternative of the same song. That same song is then tagged with a gray tag saying " clean ". A "clean" song simply means that the song is still the same, but content considered disrespectful is removed, or deleted and replaced with different words that are not considered disrespectful. Both parties are now happy with what is called: the happy median. Take movies as another example. Movies are classified according to their content. The higher the score, the more explicit such a film is. Along with the rating, there is an explanation as to why this movie is rated the way it is. If you are a person who pays attention to seeing things that go against your own opinions and beliefs, then by seeing the assessment and explanation, that person knows that the @ CAPS1 material is not for them. . Again, the happy median. For each given case of a group of people who disagree with the terms of a certain content, the alternative group should also be considered. Both parties in the @ CAPS1 case are still able to say and express their own opinions. So, should the @ CAPS1 context be removed from public view because a certain group of people disagree with the content it contains ? No. However, one should keep in mind the views and opinions that each person has about this material, and that person should always be respected for their perspective on this material.
Have you ever bought or viewed a book or something that was racist to you or do you think it should have been censored ? I didn't, but I read a book before that had a lot of racism and sex in it. I am not a racist, but some people are very racist. Some books in libraries are not suitable for certain viewers, but again they can view them, some books, movies, magazines and others should consider removing so that some viewers cannot read them. In the libraries there are books that contain a lot of racism. A little bit of racism gets really bad in the book and that might interest and inspire the young viewer to take that path later in life. Which could be pretty bad if you think about it. He could convince his friends to become who he is. persuade them to become racist towards others. No mother or father wants their children to be racist, but there are families who are racist. Which I don't understand because we are all the same to me. In some books in the library there is a sex discourse that takes this into account. Sometimes the sex talk goes into great detail which is not appropriate for young viewers as they might get the idea that they want to try this out with someone of a different gender. Which is good if you're older, but if you're really young and reading a book about sex. Well, this is wrong because young children shouldn't be introduced to this kind of lifestyle until later in life. Some parents would not want their children to read this kind of book. I know I won't let my child read a book like this. Music is something everyone listens to, regardless of their rap, country or blues. Some people like certain types of music. Some people think rap music is offensive and should be taken off the shelves. Well, rap music is based on their past and their life. There is racism in it, as some rappers say swear words that don't really suit young viewers. While some of the racism and censorship that should be condemned is on shelves, I think it should be in a separate room so only older people can check it out or buy it, instead of young children. seize it. I think the books should contain racism because it shows how much we have changed from the past
New @ CAPS1 in @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 Have you ever seen a movie or read a book that you didn't want your kids / family to read ? I know I did, and sometimes nothing prevents them from seeing or reading these books / movies. I don't necessarily think the offending books should be removed, but I think they should be moved to another part of @ CAPS3. This @ CAPS1 of @ CAPS3 must only be entered by an adult, or with the authorization of an adult. Little kids see things their peers do and want to be like them, so they do the same. What kids don't realize is that most of them are fake and things that happen in the movies aren't really true. By separating this @ CAPS1 from @ CAPS3, it gives parents the ability to keep racist, drug / gang and murder books away from children. It will be good for every race too! If an African American family doesn't want their child to read books about slavery or gangs, they can keep him out of @ CAPS1 of books where slavery and gangs are found. Some books are really emotional and can trigger emotions in a person. If someone is going through a very difficult time and reads a book about suicide, they are more likely to think about killing themselves. I think separating the bad influence books from the good influence books helps a lot. Persons under @ NUM1 are not allowed to appear in this @ CAPS1 of @ CAPS3 without a parent or the signature of a parent. So come to the @ CAPS2 board on @ DATE1 and vote for the new @ CAPS1 from @ CAPS3! Thank you for your time.
Censorship in libraris would be appreciated to cut off the air supply to the world. It would take away a reader's imagination. prevent readers from expressing their opinion. My take on censorship in libraries would not be necessary. Libraries around the world do a good job of keeping certain books in the appropriate ages. By removing certain documents from libraries, the reader would draw attention to the reasons for their removal. Then the readers would demand that we leave their books alone. So fight for more books like these and then they would need censorship in the libraries. Books were designed to keep people awestruck, learners, and excited. Cutting different materials would prevent people from enjoying the spirit world. The more books you take away, the more people who watch television increase. Then there would be no more author and no more actors and actress. People's minds wouldn't question, learn, or stay excited. I remember when I was little I used to go to the library. I was in the library looking for a book. I wet on the big kids' side as I called it and tried to check the book. The lady in the library told me I was too young and showed me the books of my age and took the book back. Then I was able to consult a book. So all I'm saying is censorship is not needed in libraries. It would be a far cry from a librarian job. So don't take away the reader's imagination
There is a certain responsibility when it comes to censoring all types of media and literature. Deciding who is responsible can be a difficult task. Children can be strongly influenced by all media and make this material easily accessible. When a person reaches the age to make decisions that affect their life, they should be able to do so. Traders should be able to sell whatever they want for a living. When children go to the library, they usually don't do it alone. Parents can decide what their child is allowed to bring home or not. When a child comes to their parent with a book, movie, or magazine that is offensive or inappropriate, it is up to the parent to decide whether or not they want their child to be exposed to that material. If the parent allows their child access to offensive media, it can give the child the idea that what they are watching or reading is fine. If someone has come of age and has all the other freedoms that everyone else has, they should be allowed to buy, read, and watch whatever they want. To prove to someone that you are old enough to have access to offensive material, you must show proof of identification. A store owner or business man / woman should be able to sell whatever they want for a living as long as it stays within the law. Having someone who is not working in the law or someone who is not the legal guardian or parent of someone who is not of age should not tell someone not to buy, read or looking at something just because it might offend or offend that person. I conclude that in order for one person to tell another person not to buy or rent equipment, that person should be either law enforcement or their legal guardian until they are of legal age. There is no reason why people cannot access material that is not against the law. If anyone is offended by literature, they should try to do so against the law.
Censorship is a word that provokes a lot of arguments in today's society. People have vastly different views on censorship around the world. In some countries, @ CAPS4 dictators allow their citizens to have Internet access to watch the news or, in some more extreme cases, @ CAPS4 even to watch television. Most of the time, they do it because @ CAPS4 wants the citizens of their country to know what is going on in the world. It creates a " fish bowl " environment, which means that people in other countries see all the problems in this country, but people in the country have no idea what is going on around them. . While we don't always see censorship in such an extreme sense, it still plays an important role in society today. Everything from music on the radio to military files is censored. Think about it, how often can you listen to a song on the radio that has all of the original words still intact ? Censorship disputes have been coming and going for years without really making much headway. Either side of the argument, whether for or against censorship, is almost entirely opinionated. No one can say for sure that censorship is completely necessary or @ CAPS4. It's just too difficult to determine who really is the most convincing opinion. In my opinion, I don't think anything should be conspired, if the author of a show @ CAPS1 throws a vulgar word, it is probably for the effect it has on people to show emotions. . The same goes for songs, when an artist writes the lyrics to a song, they're trying to get a point across and they're using certain words that get their point across more effectively or dramatically. Parents claim their kids get a lot of abuse on @ CAPS1 and cause behavior problems with other things, and it shows kids need better. There is an alternative to censoring all of these things, rather than "ruining" everyone's fun, just don't let your kids watch this show. In @ LOCATION1 today we have something called freedom, we exercise this right every day with what we wear and what we say. I think we should take that freedom and apply it to censorship. Instead of complaining about violence in movies and sex on @ CAPS1, you can just make the decision to @ CAPS4 to watch this kind of show. Everyone has the opportunity to say NO; if you don't want to hear or see something, just pick something else to watch, or even do something completely different. You DO @ CAPS4 have to do anything you don't want to do. This is an easy fix, all you have to do is exercise any right that you have had from the day you were born and just say no I don't want to do this. It is very simple and could potentially stop all the debate on whether @ CAPS4 things should be consigned.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ PERSON1, are there any books that should be deleted because some people @ MONTH1 think they are inappropriate for their children to see or read ? No, I don't think they should be deleted. I honestly think they should all be placed in different sections of the library by age. Like all children's books and magizenes should be in one section. Books and magazines for young adults and / or adolescents should be in a separate section. Then adult and magical books should be in their own section. Even autobiographies and documentaries should also be in their own section. It would make it easier to find the book you want to read. For example, if you're a teenage girl looking for a book about a high school girl who has a boyfriend, it'll probably be in the young adult section. So yes, parents who are worried about their children's viewing of certain books should be able to say something about it. But what if a teenager is looking for a book on the autobiography of a famous person for a school project. Even if that includes how they were used to drugs as a teenager. This person shouldn't have to fail if they can't find it in a library because some concerned parents didn't think it was appropriate. Like I said, the best thing to do is to sub-categorize all books by age. It would make things easier and faster to find the book of your selection.
It seems that inappropriate materials are found all over the world today. In magazines, in books, in music lyrics, the possibilities for sneaking up on offensive references are endless, and they certainly appear everywhere these days. But should your resources where you find these materials be limited due to the morals or values of others? I do not agree with this law, and I would like to tell you why I am doing it. We all have different morals, values and perceptions of what is right and what is wrong; everyone is different. Perhaps it is your religion or your culture that distances you from these materials. But why should your values and beliefs dictate what another person can or cannot get from their library ? I know I'm not speaking for myself when I say I would be very bored if I couldn't get the books or materials that I wanted or needed just because the person next to me didn't disagree with what is found through searching this. I think some things should be separated from other parts of the libraries. For example, books that might be deemed offensive to children should be kept away from places where children can choose items from a library. This is quite understandable. But when things get deleted because some people disagree with them or find them offensive, that's when things go too far. This nation was built on the basis of the freedom for what you believe in. So why should we force others to believe something we mean? Just because I find something offensive doesn't mean the person next to me is doing it, which is fine with me. This is his personal opinion, and what I believe shouldn't prevent him from learning what he would like to do. One way to solve this problem would be to separate things that could possibly be found offensive in another section of the library and put up a sign or paper stating what exactly can be found in that section. In conclusion, no, I don't think libraries should be censored. I know I might walk into my local library and find things that I find offensive right now, but I wouldn't want my own opinion to affect someone else's viewing of this material. People should think about each other from time to time and not be too stuck on what they personally believe. The world is a stubborn place, otherwise we would have nothing. A library can be filled with useful materials, so the focus should be on what you can find in a library to help you, not what is in the library that you don't want to see. If you find something offensive, just avoid it, but don't try to take it away from the rest of the world.
Libraries should have censorship because young children could come and open and watch it. I think we should have it because it would make the kids not look at them. There are three reasons why they should have censorship. First, they can teach children bad things, second, a bad influence, and third, they just don't need to be there. First of all, they can teach kids a bad thing. This is because they would start to examine it further. They would then be in trouble. There really is no reason for them to watch it at all. Second, it is a bad influence. They will tell and show their friends and get them to start doing things that are not right. Then get things done and then have a bad future. Third, there really is no reason for them to consider it. Like unless it falls from a bookcase and rests on the floor. But there really is no reason for them to consider it. I think we should have her so it doesn't hurt and the kids so everyone is right in life
I think that censorship in libraries is not necessary. The grounds for censorship are very stubborn and biased. Two readers of a book might see the material completely differently. The reader has chosen to read this book and therefore more than likely knows the general plot before reading the first page due to the summary on the back. People can make their own decisions and therefore can choose whether or not to read the book to begin with. Books that would be deemed inappropriate or offensive would most likely be teenage novels or adult literature. If so, they must be mature enough to deal with material trips and / or make the decision to put the book back on and not to keep reading. To say that the material is not suitable for a younger age group is okay, but at that age kids should be with the adult @ CAPS1 anyway when checking the books. Material that people find unacceptable would almost certainly be in a novel aimed at an adult audience, so if it's read by a younger age group, that would be the problem in itself. The teens and / or adults who would read such material are surely old enough to handle reading a few bad words and innuendo scattered throughout the plot. Material that @ MONTH1 is deemed inappropriate or offensive @ MONTH1 should be viewed differently by two different audiences. A teenager in high school probably heard worse in the hallways when passing by; @ CAPS1 an adult who is worried about what his children are reading has certainly been exposed enough throughout his life to look beyond the text or to put it away. Since the material is labeled as offensive simply because of a person's opinions, this is not a ritual. Difficult situations and our environment prepare us for our future. A person seeing the evil in life would be more likely to do everything in their power to secure their future and would be more willing to help ensure that it can be avoided. Should we ignore the bad things in life? Should the child who is beaten at home suffer in silence because it seems too explicit to tell? The man who became homeless, to change his life because he learned from his past, shouldn't this story be told just because the issues he had to face seem too worrying? I believe these are the stories that need to be told the most, in @ CAPS1 attempts to teach those around us how to prevent and how to overcome life's problems. There will always be things we wish we didn't see in life. But isn't it our actions following seeing such misfortunes that determine who we are. Libraries should not be censored, but open to the public who wish to delve into these stories. Books are written for a purpose, and that purpose @ MONTH1 is just to let people know that these things are happening, and if you think they are alone in these conflicts, they are not.
I believe that indeed some books should not be on library shelves. And some people @ MONTH1 feel the need to remove the books they want but, I also say that if the library sees fit to put such books on their shelves, that's their problem. I believe if you don't like books then stay away from them. Now, if the books are only meant to be seen by adult eyes, then yes, get rid of them by all means. Personally, I know of parents who wouldn't allow their kids to need a book just because in the review they read that the main characters are kissing. I find it ridiculous, but this is how they raise their children. And as long as they don't take it upon themselves to impose their parenting methods on libraries and other places of learning just because of books, I'm okay with that. I find that some people see the books on slavery and the holocaust and these topics as offensive. I see these books as our history, these topics are taught to us in school and we will probably hear about such things as we grow older. What is the difference between learning about them now and learning about them as an adult ? People seem to be trying to protect the world from things like swear words. Why? If a book has a few swear words in it, well tell your kids to walk away from it if you think it's bad. But, don't take it upon yourself to remove this book from our library. People have different views, we always have and always will. If a parent is so attached to a few books, get a position and get signatures saying those books should be removed or at least moved to another part of the library. Don't force your thoughts on someone else
BOOKS Dear @ PERSON1, @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 who tries to tell you about books in libraries that some adults find offensive, therefore to children. These books should be taken away so the kids won't read them, part two is adults should protest so that libraries can get rid of magazines or etc, and my last thing is @ CAPS4 do libraries get these books and let the children take them and read them. The first example given by @ CAPS2 is that I have founded books and other things that I find to be offensive to children. And libraries allowing children to read them without ID because they are reserved for adults. These books should be kept away so that children do not read offensive things or try them on. They should read books so that underage children can read and parents don't have to worry about what they read in their free time. The second example is that parents should protest that books or other things, etc. Parents must protest so that anything they find offensive is taken off the shelves. Or another thing is they will have to make a list of offensive books and let only adults read them having ID and might sound a little better for books or etc. do not get rid of the books. The last example is @ CAPS4 libraries allow children to take them home and read them. They should have what the kids need to read, like educational books for school or for other things. Adults need to see what children are reading these days. Children need to understand which books are good for them from their age, otherwise their brains will start to confuse them at their age. The bottom line is that libraries have to invent something so that kids don't read these kind of books that the only thing to do is mess their brain and then parents will have to pay so that their kids can go to therapy and other kids. so that their brain can be better. So please, the libraries are doing something so that parents don't have to worry about what kids are reading these days. Like me, I won't like my child to read offensive things because they will start doing the same things, so libraries do something about these offensive things.
In my opinion, I think censorship should not be allowed in libraries. I think people are smart enough to make their decisions about what to read. There are a few reasons why I think censorship shouldn't be allowed in libraries or in public. The number one reason I think censorship shouldn't be allowed in libraries is because it shows disobedience. The second reason why I think censorship should not be allowed in libraries is that a lot of people will abuse their authority, and that will cause a lot of people to get a bad review for that library. The last reason I think censorship shouldn't be allowed in libraries is that it will change the whole environment of a library. Censorship should not be allowed in libraries because it shows a form of disobedience. I think a lot of people will use profanity and have an attitude I don't care. If people use profanity at home, I am convinced to leave them at home and not to take them out in public. Censorship should never be allowed in libraries or anywhere else in my opinion. Censorship should not be allowed in libraries because many people will abuse their authority and most people would not want to come back to the library. Some people abuse their authority by making noise in libraries to prevent others from reading or during something to occupy themselves. If a library is loud and obnoxious, it will drive people away from the library. I think a library should be a nice calm welcome. This will make the library much smoother. Right now, I think censorship should never be allowed in libraries or anywhere else in the public. A library is a place to go to read, study, do homework, etc. And finally, I think people should be able to make decisions for themselves rather than wanting to read a book with censorship or anything to do with censorship as long as they can control it.
I believe there are some things that should be taken out of libraries like things that little children should not be able to see. They should be in the other room where you need to have ID to enter. They should make sure of this because you don't want your little son to look like a playboy. I know no. Little kids shouldn't read books with lots of swear words and things, because no kid has to act like that. It bothers them that they might get into trouble at school and at home. Yes, @ MONTH1 is true that adults love to read about sex and drugs, but do we really want our kids to read the same things we read. Some people just need to think about what they leave out in libraries because little kids love to see new things all the time. So the next time you are working in the library or just visiting there you might want to watch where you put stuff because little kids will see it.
Eventually everyone sees or hears offensive things. However, the government took it upon themselves to try to prevent young people from seeing him. They believe parents should tell their kids everything while they try to keep it a big secret to the kids. But, if the children are introduced early, we would no longer have to keep it a secret. Libraries and all types of media should not be censored. Children always ask questions like " where do babies come from ?" " And adults wanting to avoid an awkward conversation invent stories or do not tell them the whole truth. Imagine a world where the government lets the media say what they want. Yes, at first it would be vulgar but the government would then have the right to teach sex and drugs in schools. More children would go to school, so fewer of them would be curious enough to do these kinds of things. That's not to say news anchors should swear every time they're on TV. It just suggests that instead of having a metaphorical black curtain on half the news, they're reporting the whole truth. They have freedom of speech and we have the right to know. At first people would think it was a terrible world. But, ultimately, with good leadership, it would help create a more truthful environment. Children would learn about sex and drugs in school and have a safe environment to answer their questions if they have any. Drug use and rape would decrease. Then, talking about " offensive " subjects would be non-existent so that the children would not be embarrassed if they had questions. It would change the world for the better.
The library is known to be a place full of dreams and imagination. For some, the library is a sanction where one can escape reality and dive into a book where anything is possible. the library is full of many books for all ages. Therefore, books classified for one age group, @ MONTH1 are not suitable for another age group. This is where a problem arises. If the library chooses to keep books there that are only suitable for certain age groups, various problems can arise. The three main problems with this situation are that young children can access magazines that they do not have to go to, that certain articles or books can be found to be offensive to certain races, creating an uproar, as well as events and instances played in books @ MONTH1 are not suitable for all age groups. We need to think about the books we have read and ask ourselves if we would like others to read them as well. Young children are often daily visitors to the library. Most run around the library and go through whatever books or magazines they come across. It is not always good. In the library there are many magazines for adults only. My family has been through this kind of situation before. My mother, brother and I visited the library one evening. As my mom and I chaotically searched the library, my younger brother found himself searching through the magazine rack for something to occupy his mind. Well, his mission was done. During his research, my younger brother had found an illustrated sports magazine. Inside there were pictures that showed my mother was not happy that my brother had seen. Examples like this happy daily in the local library. staff members should think about putting revealing works where the younger generation cannot find them. Throughout the library there are many books dealing with past historical events. While many find these books useful and interesting, some find these books quite offensive. Some races have experienced painful events in history. Many of these people do not want to relive the painful experiences of the past. It is in my opinion that the library should oblige people and take as a reference what people think of certain books. When I was a young girl in elementary school, I remember doing an entire unit on Slavery and the Underground Railroad. While studying the unit, we were assigned a research task during the lesson. I choose to visit the library in search of books that I could use to gather more information. While searching the library, I came across a book that my mom and I thought shouldn't be accessible to younger kids. the book contained many horrific acts against blacks. It's a book that at my age I should never have fallen. For me, reading books helps me escape the real world and take a break. When I relax and enjoy a good book, I can't help but feel like nothing in the world can touch me. Although I love to read books, I don't like when I just start reading a book and then have to stop because the book reveals events that I shouldn't be reading. A book that I read was definitely not appropriate for me. Although I found the book, in the young adult section, the book I read revealed a young girl suffering numerous rapes and beatings. Now that I look back, this is a book that I could enjoy now, @ NUM1 years later, but I don't think I should have encountered this book then. What books should and should not be found in the library is surely an endless quarrel. Many believe that the books should be taken down if they are not suitable for all audiences. I think if the inappropriate books that shouldn't be seen by all ages were put away where young audiences couldn't get them, then the never-ending feud could be assuaged.
Do I believe there are any materials that should be removed from the shelves if they are found to be offensive ? No, I don't think they should be, but that's my opinion. There's no point taking them off the shelves because kids will see this kind of material outside of school, so why should we take it out? Music, movies, magazines, and books all contain such elements as ; racism, murders, inappropriate language, etc. When we find offensive material, like those listed before outside of school, we stay away from it. We ignore it and watch or read something that we do not find offensive. The movies and books on @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 are sometimes offensive to some people and if we remove them from our libraries we will not be able to have references to correct essays on these topics. It would be difficult to get the right kind of information on the Internet because everything is not correct. One hundred percent of factual books are correct. You will then have no problem. Therefore, I do not think that some material that is considered offensive to some people should be deleted. It is an unnecessary task to do. Children see it outside of school and then move away from it so that they can also move away from it at school.
Censorship in Libraries I think things found in the library that people find offensive should not be deleted. Just because some people think it's offensive doesn't mean everyone thinks it's offensive. Some people @ MONTH1 like the content they post. I think things in a library shouldn't be deleted because everyone has their own point of view. If something was deleted every time someone came in, then there wouldn't be a library. A library is meant to be a variety of books. It's not meant to be a genre that one person likes. It is important to provide a lot of variety because if a library doesn't have a lot of variety then the library would lose all kinds of customers. A library does not want to target only children or adolescents to adults. The library wants to target all aspects of people. Even if it means that some content is inappropriate. All books are inappropriate if you look at them the wrong way. I think things found in the library that people find offensive shouldn't be deleted. Everyone has their point of view. A library should have a variety of books. Not just a genre that a person wants.
Have you ever been to a library and thought to yourself, " Hey, this book looks pretty good ." But once you read @ CAPS3, did you consider @ CAPS3 to be harmless to younger children ? I did, but unlike some people I don't blame @ CAPS3 on libraries. I blame myself for choosing @ CAPS3 in the first place. Some people don't want to take responsibility for their actions and therefore accuse @ CAPS3 in the library of carrying books by a certain author, songs from a band, or articles from a magazine. This leads me to say that books, music, magazines, newspapers, etc. should not be removed from library shelves. Just because some people don't like the content they contain doesn't mean @ CAPS3 can't be useful or entertaining for others. I think @ CAPS3 should be about choice, like choosing what outfit you want to wear in @ TIME1. There are too many options, like when @ CAPS3 comes for books, movies, music, and magazines. If something seems harmless to you, just take @ CAPS3 and swap @ CAPS3 for something better. One experience I can think of that is a good example of this is when I was @ NUM1 years old. My mom took me to the library and I found a book, 'A @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3.' I showed him @ CAPS3 like any other time we had been to the library. Only this time she didn't want me to check @ CAPS3. She considered @ CAPS3 too hard a book for me at the time, she wanted me to wait until I was older. @ CAPS3 was about @ CAPS1's abuse and she considered @ CAPS3 to be a very unsafe book for my age at the time. But she didn't blame @ CAPS3 on libraries, asking why they would carry such books where children can reach them. Other mothers and fathers are the same way, as I have discovered. My best friend's parents had been the same with her. Only instead of a book, @ CAPS3 was a CD of music she had wanted to listen to. They thought she shouldn't listen to @ CAPS3 because the song lyrics were too "sad" for her to hear. They agreed that if she was just a little older she could borrow @ CAPS3. They didn't blame the library. If anyone else wanted to listen to @ CAPS3 or have their children listen to @ CAPS3, then @ CAPS3 was their personal choice. I don't believe libraries should have censorship. They can have different sections, such as adults, children and young adults. But I believe they shouldn't have to remove books, music, magazines, etc. shelves just because of some people. @ CAPS3 should be a person's personal choice. If they don't like the item they picked up, they should take responsibility for their actions and not blame others for their mistakes.
I believe that books, movies, music, and magazines that are offensive should not be taken off the shelves. If you find something offensive, don't take it, it's that simple. You @ MONTH1 find something offensive, but it might not be for someone else. Everything is according to your personal opinion. Of course, there are things that are very offensive to some people, and these people will try to put a stop to it. But I think it is wrong. Because @ MONTH1 is offensive to you, but what if there is someone who is researching this topic but cannot find the information about it because you thought it was offensive and you took it off the shelf. Then it disrupts the study of these people. I'm not promoting violent books and movies or other offensive content, all I'm saying is if you find anything offensive then turn the other cheek. This @ MONTH1 offends you but other people @ MONTH1 do not think so. There are many books and films that are offensive to many people. And if we were to take all of those movies and books off the shelves, there would be very few topics and titles to read and watch. In my conclusion, I support the fact that offensive material should remain on the shelves. It can be useful to a lot of people and at the same time it can be offensive to a lot of people. But if you are one of those people who finds something offensive, just ignore it and find another topic or topic. For someone to take another person right to read a book or watch a movie is wrong everyone has their own opinions and rights
There are books that should not be taken out of libraries because of censorship. From past experience with censorship, I found out that he could write a book. In the book @ CAPS1 @ NUM1 for example, the books are burnt and the company collapses. Censorship comes from people of more ethnic background who don't want children to grow up and see inappropriate language. The most recent censorship book I have heard of is @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3. The main word they get out of this book is nigar because some people have fined that word very ofincely to their race. Committees try to remove books from school shelves. I think we shouldn't have censorship just because parents don't want their kids to hear the words at school or read them when eventually kids will learn the words on their own or hear the words some of which were. ele. Children can even learn the word from their own parents or from the television. I personally think committees should stop trying to censor everything because they will not be able to understand how adults speak when they are surrounded by children and young adults.
Katherine Paterson, a well-known author, presents an idea with which I totally agree. She says, “ We can all think of a book that we hope none of our children or other children have taken off the shelves. But if I have the right to take this book off the shelf - this job that I hate - then you have the exact same right and everyone else too. And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us. If everyone has the right to delete certain books that they find inappropriate, there is nothing more @ MONTH1 for people to read. While it is a good thing for parents to have a voice and stand up for what they believe, books should not be banned. Many people have different views on what is right and wrong. Some @ MONTH1 suggest that a certain book is obscene, while others @ MONTH1 are offended by another book. If every parent had the right to have a book banned, there is @ MONTH1 a time when no book meets the parent's approval. Some of these books present great learning opportunities for students. Books often allow students to think in different and new ways. They can learn from a new point of view. Often a student can examine their own morals and values, which is a good thing. If a teacher finds a book they deem appropriate, parents should respect that teacher's decision. They @ MONTH1 suggest another reading or offer other ideas, but going so far as to delete the book entirely is not correct. While removing books to read @ MONTH1 goes too far, things like movies might go the other way. Personally, my parents would be horrified to see grotesque and inappropriate films set in broad daylight when anyone can watch them. I think this difference between books and movies is simple: Books don't normally have inappropriate covers like bad movies do. As a result, even people who do not wish to see the film are often forced to see images that they find disturbing. If someone walks past a book they don't intend to read, there is no need to be dismayed by the cover in the process. Although parents care about the things their children read, books should not be banned. While other things @ MONTH1 affect young people, books are another story. They allow themselves to delve deeply into thought, make observations and form opinions. They are a key to growing, learning and discovering.
First of all, I like censorship laws to a certain extent. However, the government cannot ban anything it deems inappropriate. I think it depends more on what the family deems inappropriate. I don't think they should have completely inaccessible areas in libraries for younger children. I think the viewer should have the consent of a family member to view said content. I also believe that if the content is not related to the interests of the viewers, then they just shouldn't watch it. They don't have to watch it, so if they don't like it, they don't watch it. However, if the library does not agree to keep the books, music, movies, magazines, etc., then they do not have to and the viewer can go elsewhere. And if they have the books, the music, etc., then they can put limits and grades on them. But I don't think an adult can come in and complain about inappropriate material. Like I said before, if they don't like it, they don't have to watch it. In fact, I think the government should not allow parents to complain and complain about the content of different documents. A parent should not be given the opportunity to take away the privileges of books from others, as they deem it inappropriate. Just because they don't like the content doesn't mean everyone else benefits. In addition, if a library imposes an age limit on certain materials, appropriate disciplinary action should be taken for the viewer of such materials. However, if the viewer is accompanied by an adult family member and has their consent, then I think they should be able to view the material regardless of ratings.
There are so many books and magazines, music and movies to discover in this world. Some are funny, sad, weird, scary, etc. And then there are some that are questionable to others that it was even necessary to put the material on the shelf of a library in the first place. For my part, I am not one of those who would question a book, magazine, film or music. I believe that everyone's voice has to be heard in one way or another and if we all take away a voice that we don't like then we will lose a lot of voices. We are all entitled to our own opinion. When it comes to certain things, some have more opinions than others, but in the end we all have something close to our hearts. There are people who want to express their feelings with the whole world with people who understand and agree with what they are feeling. If we take that away from people, then how are we all going to connect ? Some things @ MONTH1 seem offensive to others, but who has a right to say that something shouldn't be shared with the rest of the world. I've observed that when people have the same interests in things like music, books, or movies, it gives people a way to come together and talk about something. I've been to gigs, everyone seems to hook up because we're all there for the same reason, to see the band or the person we all love to listen to. Everyone is different and like to have their own personal preference on something. As Katherine Paterson once said, “ But if I have the right to take this book off the shelf - this job that I hate - then you have the exact same right and everyone else too. And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us. I think she was trying to say that if we all take a book that we don't think should be there, there won't be anything for anyone to read. So what are we going to do? There is such a variety of materials that are needed to be discovered, whether it is a book, music, or movie, everyone has their own special type that they love. I don't think censorship is a good idea for any kind of material on a shelf. These materials are what keep people in touch with each other. I think it's very important not to censor anything because it doesn't just give the writer a voice, it gives a voice to people who are okay with the material of the book, movie or music
There are a lot of books, movies, and music in the libraries. These things can come in so many varieties. Have you ever been to a library and couldn't find something you liked? Well, most people find a lot of things that interest them in many ways. Many people come to a library someday to find something they will enjoy and have a good time listing, reading, or watching. So many people are different and each person loves something different from each other. So the question is, " Should we remove certain books, music and movies from the shelves because they are offensive ?" " From experience, yes, there are things in a library that children or younger adolescents should not read, hear or see. Although most libraries divide a lot of sections by age. Depending on your age, you should go to the sections that mainly provide what you want. Don't go to a place that offers something that is not your age group, instead go to a place that feels like you belong. Personally, I've seen teenagers or younger kids get a book or magazine that wasn't in their age range but @ CAPS1 that the kids wanted to research on this thing. You have to understand that most teens and children are curious about a lot of things even before they reach this age. As a parent or legal guardian, most children look up to you. @ CAPS1 you are reading, listening or watching something that is not his age, but the child wants to be like you. Children admire their parents or legal guardian. They want @ CAPS1 to do the same as you, so they copy you. They will find something similar to what you are doing. They might go for a book, movie, or CD that doesn't match their age group. They will do all of this because @ CAPS1 they want to be like their parents or babysitter. So as a parent or guardian, you should also watch what you are doing and try to set good examples for your kids so that they don't find offensive books or ect. There are so many reasons why people may think certain things are offensive. Even though we are the reason why books and other things are brought into libraries today. Children today are growing up much faster than we would like, but sometimes we just can't stop it. Just give kids or anyone good examples so they don't get a book, movie, or music that is not for that age range. Libraries can be a fun and learning environment for everyone. Sometimes we don't all think like or like the same things. There are just a lot of people in this world and I have read articles on libraries. I read why libraries might no longer be a family place because of the varieties they offer. Have you ever thought, '@ CAPS1 its use by humans which causes libraries to contain these varieties ?' I think so, because we are what constitutes a library. We the people are the ones who want those books, movies, magazines, and music. So think about it the next time you walk into a library and see something @ CAPS1 doesn't think is right. Think how @ CAPS1 someone @ CAPS1 really likes this. We all need to exclude things whether we like it or not at times. Just give good examples to help people not get those things that might be offensive
Libraries should have whatever they want in the library. Everyone has their ideas on things. If you don't like what they have on their shelves, don't go there anymore or buy something you like. Everyone is different, so you can't just remove offensive things from the shelves, it might be offensive to one person, but not to someone else. Materials, like books, music, movies, magazines, you can't start taking stuff off the shelves just because they offended you. The only way I would say take books or magazines off the shelves is if the facts aren't right. Libraries contain almost everything everyone needs - materials, books, music, movies, magazines and everything for facts. So don't start removing things from your shelves. Teens might have to write an article about something people think is distressing, if you don't have everything in the library we won't have good facts. No one in this world would agree on anything, all you would do is fight if you took offense. Libraries are open to anyone who wants to read about almost anything they want to read. The music that everyone has out there on a type of music that you can't just start taking music for because you think it's offensive. Most people have their own kind of everything. Children are their own person, you can stop them from whatever you want, the point is, you can't hold them back in life. They get older, you won't be able to tell them what they want to do or not to do. If you keep them from a book or etc., they might end up reading it in the long run. It is important to protect your children. I understand that your kids are going to expire on things that you don't want them to do. Just removing offensive items from the shelves doesn't mean your kids won't fine them elsewhere. I could understand if the books or magazines were offensive to you because it was about your family, but over time you are going to have insults in your life. This means that you won't have to let it get under your skin or overcome it. Things are getting too easy for people. This is why the world does not get along. If you don't like something, don't worry. Well something unless you read. This is what I do if I don't like something.
Libraries provide us with knowledge, entertainment and peace. You can go there to learn and do research if you have to write an article. You can rent movies, music, and books as you like as long as you take care of them. Plus, if you're just having a hectic day and need some peace and quiet, Libraries become the perfect getaway. But, here is the truth. A lot of people find certain things in bookshelves offensive and would prefer them not to be on the shelves. So do we take these things away or let them stay? My advice is to let them stay. I think the books are too important to throw away just because they @ MONTH1 contain a few vulgar words or pictures. It's the same with magazines and movies. In addition, the music changes over the years and many people, especially the elderly, do not like to listen to this new style of music. Just because one person finds something offensive doesn't mean everyone will. People have a lot of different views when it comes to these things. Take history for example. Many history books contain hard, real facts about things that happened in the past. A song, book or movie about slavery may offend some people. Whether it's because the person strongly opposes slavery or thinks slavery was a good thing, people have different feelings about them. Another good example is the cinema. Some people @ MONTH1 find a movie offensive because of the words spoken or if a certain person dies first, while others do not care. Also, many things that are considered offensive to one person can make something more interesting to someone else. Nowadays, there are many films that can be considered very offensive. But honestly, the offensive things happening @ MONTH1 just make someone else want to know more about what's going on. It's pretty much the same with books. I myself have read a lot of things that would make some people cry or even get angry or disgusted. Even if in the end, I find them to be exceptional books. It's just the way you see it. So, should things that are deemed offensive to a person be removed from a library ? The answer is no. There is simply too much that can be taken in an offensive way. If you start removing these things, the libraries will only become vacant. The younger ones will stop coming because the materials will be less interesting. You will lose artifacts and stories about the history of the world. There will also only be a limited number of books to read, if ever a non-offensive book can be found. My advice to libraries, keep materials that can be found extremely offensive in their own area, away from young people who @ MOIS1 react strongly. Maybe even put a sticker on the book, if possible, to let people know what they are dealing with
Katherine Paterson once said, “ We can all think of a book that we hope none of our children or other children have taken off the shelves. But if I have the right to take this book off the shelf - this work that I approve of - then you have exactly the same right and everyone else too. And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us. I think books and other items should stay on the library shelves, so censorship in libraries is not necessary. As Katherine Paterson stated, there will be no more books left on the shelves if you take out every book that someone at @ CAPS1 finds offensive. What is offensive to a person @ MONTH1 should not be considered offensive from another person's point of view. Children, adolescents and adults have the right to choose the book they want to read, the movie they want to watch or the music they want to listen to. If it is a child or young teenager, I think parents should have a say in what their children read or watch. In my case, I'm not allowed to listen to offensive music or watch movies rated @ CAPS2, but that shouldn't mean it needs to be taken off the library shelves. Just because it's what my family thinks is right doesn't mean it's the only way to live. A person has the right to choose what he wants to read, watch or listen to. They can make the choice by the way they were brought up or simply because it is what they think is right or wrong. If they think a book is offensive then they don't have to read it, they have the right to say no and put the book back on themselves. If they think the book is appropriate, they can read it and there is no law stating that they must share the book with someone else. If there is a book that you think is offensive and you are reading it, there is no reason why you should agree with it. Each person is free to disagree with whatever they want to disagree with. If you are the parent of a child and you are uncomfortable with him reading, listening or watching something offensive, you need to make the rules with him from an early age. Parents should make sure that their children do not read inappropriate things, listen to offensive music, or watch @ NUM1 or rated @ CAPS2 movies. Therefore, if you are comfortable with your kids seeing and hearing offensive things, you don't have to worry about what's in @ CAPS1. The things your children watch, read, listen to are not a problem and if it becomes a problem in the eyes of parents, they have the right to stop children from reading shocking books or watching bad movies and listening. the music they find shocking. Every parent and every family is different, as long as your child knows the rules and what you believe in, there is no need for censorship in libraries. In my family, I am not allowed to listen to offensive music. Offensive music in my house is considered to be music with swear words in the lyrics. The words my family considers offensive @ MONTH1 are different from those other families consider offensive. I know that I don't want to and can't listen to these certain songs, but that doesn't mean that I can't be friends or be around people who listen to that kind of music. Just because that's what my family believes in doesn't mean it should be taken off the shelves in the library or anywhere else. What my family believes in @ MONTH1 is not the right thing from another family's perspective. Each person has their own right and if they want to listen to this music, they should be able to do so. My family also thinks that at my age right now I shouldn't be watching movies rated @ CAPS2. If you took all @ CAPS2 rated movies off the shelves then half of the movies would disappear and that's not fair to people who like @ CAPS2 rated movies. What my family believes @ MONTH1 is not what other families believe. I know what I stand for and I will do what I think is right and I will not listen to offensive music or watch movies rated @ CAPS2. This does not in any way mean that other children, adolescents, adults should not enjoy this kind of music and these movies. In conclusion, I think censorship should not be used in libraries. It is every person's right and they are able to make the decisions they think are the right thing to do. Parents also have a say in what they want their children to watch, read or listen to. They can monitor what their children read, watch or listen to and if they find it shocking, they can arrest their children. It is not necessary to remove the items from the shelf. In my family my parents find certain types of music and movies offensive and I know that when I go to the library or any other place I will not get these items. I will get the music and movies that I enjoy and find the age appropriate. Just like in the quote from @ PERSON2, everyone has the same rights and if we remove any items that we think are offensive from the shelves then there will be nothing left on the shelves. Everyone has a different point of view and no one has the right or wrong point of view that @ CAPS1 should follow
Offensive media are everywhere. From books to music lyrics, our culture embraces us with it. Children who see inappropriate media can behave badly. This can then cause a child to have difficulty associating with his peers. Adults are also affected by inappropriate media if they see their favorite celebrity or other role model engaging in inappropriate behavior. This could make an adult emotionally unhealthy and they @ MONTH1 become violent or depressed. Finally, our world could be better if offensive media were completely abolished. People's lives could be enriched with good clean entertainment instead of being corrupted by inappropriate media. It is clear that offensive media must be immediately withdrawn from libraries in our country. Inappropriate media surround us on a daily basis, including children. What children see, they imitate, even in the first two years of life. So if they hear a bad word on TV or see someone doing drugs, they @ MONTH1 will imitate them. This is clearly inappropriate behavior for a child. If the child is exposed to inappropriate media for a long time, he / she thinks @ MONTH1 that it is okay to use it in everyday life. Their social skills and mind are corrupted due to offensive media. Libraries should remove inappropriate media from their shelves, as it can corrupt a child's mind. Another reason libraries should remove offensive media is that adults can engage in different offensive habits as well. Just as children can develop the offensive habit of swearing, so can adults if they are exposed to it for a long time. In addition to swearing, adults may also think that killing someone is good because they have seen it in a movie. They could then pick up a violent weapon and try to kill someone if they are angry. It is not a healthy way to express your feelings towards someone if they make you angry. Libraries in our country should remove inappropriate media from their shelves, as it can make adults emotionally unhealthy. Finally, inappropriate media should be removed from library shelves, because our world could be a better place without them. The media is one of the root causes of why people act the way they do. If they see their favorite celebrity getting pulled over for a @ CAPS1 in a magazine, they @ MONTH1 think it's okay to drive while impaired . Another example is that if people read about someone who uses drugs in a book, they want to try @ MONTH1 to experiment themselves with drugs . It can cause people to do crazy things that can harm other lives around them. Offensive media are almost everywhere. When kids see inappropriate media, they @ MONTH1 think it's okay to emulate them. Adults, when exposed to enough offensive media, can develop bad habits like swearing, killing, or using drugs which, in turn, can lead to being emotionally unhealthy. Without inappropriate media on our library shelves, our world would be a better place. We would have fewer conflicts, fewer deaths and better, enriched and uncorrupted lives with quality media. Millions of lives could be improved if libraries remove inappropriate media from their shelves
We all have rights, we all have the same chance to express what we feel, think or believe. Freedom is the most beautiful and important thing we have and no one can take it away from us: it's just something that belongs to us and that everyone has. As human beings, it is not easy to understand the thoughts of others, and it can become a little difficult to accept the opinions that strangers may bring. A library is a place where we can find all kinds of documents that can easily answer several or our questions. Sometimes certain documents can be offensive and make a target of people uncomfortable. . If I had the right to remove a magazine, book or movie from the shelf, I would at least think about it before removing it and consider how useful and useful it could be for someone who has it. really need it, and if everyone had the same right as me, we wouldn't have any material at all in the library. Music is a big talking point, we all know there are some people out there who are really used to listening to a type of music that others may call " crass music " and I could be quite offensive to the kids. . I truly believe that none of us will be afraid to label people because of the music they love, the books they read, or the movies they watch. We have to understand that no one is better than anyone and we have to respect the feelings of others as well, this is something we have to work on.
Should any books, magazines or films deemed offensive be removed from the shelves ? I think the book, magazine, or movie should stay on the shelf even if it is deemed offensive. If it's offensive to one person, that doesn't mean it is offensive to everyone. Everyone has their own point of view on whether or not to offensive. I don't think the person who wrote the book or the magazine intended it to be offensive. They were just writing down what they thought went along with the story and some people took offense at the book or magazine. But, they shouldn't be discussing it because, like I said before, the author probably didn't want it to be offensive. In conclusion, books should stay on the shelves. Everyone has a different point of view. The author probably didn't want the book or magazine to be offensive.
Censorship around the world is getting worse by the day. Many people think that certain materials are unsuitable. I believe that if it is unsuitable for others, it does not make it unsuitable for some. I believe people have the right to read, watch or listen to whatever they want as long as it doesn't break any law. I am torn on this subject because I am against censorship, but I am also for when laws are broken. I think people should have the right to read whatever they want. Granted, some people read some very incriminating books that could get them into a lot of trouble, but not everyone should be punished for another person's mistake. Sometimes you hear about terrorist groups and other illegal groups, but usually they don't market to ordinary people. I think when it becomes a threat to the @ LOCATION1 they should remove hardware. Another simple fact is that in the @ LOCATION1 constitution we have the freedom of @ CAPS1, which basically means we @ MONTH1 print and read whatever we want. A lot of people depend on the constitution to make their lives more secure and sometimes there is a book, article, movie or song that is beyond our limits. I believe some people mistakenly use materials sometimes to get ahead and make a name for themselves. I just think people should write for fun, not to persuade people to do something wrong, or to give wrong thoughts or ideas. The government has the right to control what we participate in, but does that sound fair? I understand their logic behind this case, but just because it has an offensive material doesn't mean they should remove it from society. I believe if people want to experience it, they should be able to do it without wondering if it will go away the next day. If people don't agree with this " offensive " question , then they shouldn't be part of it. This is a statement true enough that you question their logic. So, does the government have the right to say what we can and cannot read? I don't think so, but that's my opinion. I believe people should read whatever they want and shouldn't think they are breaking the laws for " offensive " material. The freedom of @ CAPS1 is what people have to admire for the government, but how safe are people supposed to feel when they read a book, watch a movie, or listen to music that @ MONTH1 is supposedly "offensive to" ".
Have you ever found books, movies, music and magazines on drugs, sexuality and violence ? I think books, movies, music, and magazines should be taken off library shelves if they have anything to do with drugs, seduction, and violence. There are many reasons why I think these books, movies, music, and magazines should be taken off library shelves. One of the reasons is that little kids can get the book, the kind of music, the movie, and the kind of magazine that has drugs, sex, and violence, and then they can learn to do that kind. things. A second reason why I think they should be taken off library shelves is because I feel like a library is not a place to have this kind of books, magazines, that kind of music. or that kind of movies for parents and their children to read and watch, or even to listen to music containing drugs, sexuality and violence. The third reason I think they should be taken off library shelves is that these types of materials belong to another building, a building that is away from children and only certain people can enter the building and look at the books. , magazines, watching movies and listening to music containing this stuff. The last reason I think they should be deleted is because from experience once I found a book on drugs I looked at it but it was very inappropriate for small children there were pictures of what drugs look like, what certain drugs can do to the body. In conclusion, I hope that those who read this will realize what these books, movements, music and magazines do to the people who read, watch and listen to them.
There are tons of books in the library that the folks at @ MONTH1 find offensive to young readers today. I think these materials shouldn't be taken off the shelves. People have the right to read what they choose to read. There are several reasons why I think these documents should not be removed from the library. First of all, there are so many books that one might find as " offensive ". @ CAPS1 by removing all of those offending books, you would essentially remove half of the books in the library. Most young adult books have something to do with teens, drugs, violence, and other things that might sound offensive. These books are usually the ones that teenagers read. Just because they read them doesn't mean their actions will be affected. These types of books are read for entertainment purposes and are not intended to harm or offend anyone. Second, I think people have the right to choose what they want to read, listen to, and watch. Books, music, films and magazines are sold for this purpose. Everyone has a different opinion and taste of what they like and dislike. Finally, I think censoring what is put on the shelves would be a mistake. There are tons of great books or movies out there that could be deemed offensive and taking them off the shelves would make them less well known. Children would not know them and might miss out on great stories. Everyone has an opinion, and taking care of your children is understandable. Censorship of what is available in the library would make it more difficult for others to find books. Libraries are supposed to have different types of material because everyone has different tastes.
I don't think they should be taken off the shelves. Everyone has the right to read it at some point. So that no little child can rent the book. If they complain about how volgar or sexual it is. Then you shouldn't take it off. Try something else like an adult section. A person @ MONTH1 likes a book that contains violence and on the other hand you @ MONTH1 have a person who is truly religious and can't stand to see it. There are many, many views on this subject. Parents who do not want their children to be exposed to this way of life. Some people don't really think it's as bad as the next person. If it's a book you don't like on a shelf and you don't like it being highlighted. Should you really be the one deciding who takes it off? Some people don't know what their children like to read. If they have the last idea of what is being taken out, MONTH 1 affects children's reading habits. What if your child wants to read a horror book and you choose not to leave such books on the shelves anymore. Then they don't want to read the books that are left on the shelf. I'd rather read a book that interests me than a book that I don't like. My take on this subject is simple. I don't think parents should control what we read as long as it is appropriate. I think the decision should be left to the government as to which book should and should not be taken down.
When it comes to censorship, I think very little should be removed. Just because it is considered offensive by some does not mean that it is offensive to everyone. Material should only be removed if and only if that material offends an overwhelming majority of people. If you find it offensive, ignore it, you don't have to buy it. Maybe someone else finds it interesting and it contains the information they were looking for. When it comes to books, music, movies, or magazines, I think almost anything should be allowed except material depicting nudity or drugs and alcohol. Other than that, a little swearing here and there and a little bit of violence is perfectly okay, but small children should probably be avoided if it's too serious. Usually, if a child is exposed to this type of material, he usually grows up believing that anything he saw as a child is quite acceptable. Sometimes it's violence sometimes it's other things like drugs or alcohol, whatever @ MONTH1 is. Many parents believe that certain content should be banned because it exposes their child to bad morals. But my belief is that if you are a good parent, you shouldn't have to worry about this stuff. If you really don't want your child to be a part of it, take steps to do so. For example, if you don't want your kid to watch a certain TV show, block it. Don't just think that they won't watch it and when they do you get mad at the people who made the show. It is not their fault, maybe you as the parent should have made sure that your child does not see this material in the first place. There are people who think that if a document describes something bad, it should be deleted. But what I do believe is that this is @ LOCATION1 and people can read and write whatever they want, and if you have anything to say about that, that's fine with me, you can believe what you want to believe. People should be able to keep their freedom of expression and be creative without being ridiculed by people
Yes because children shouldn't read anything like that. Children should read a book that has good information and information that children should learn while they are in class. Well, if there is bad stuff in books, music, and other things to read and watch, they should be taken off the shelf because kids shouldn't be looking at them. Some music contains bad language and children should not listen to music like this. In addition, movies which contain inappropriate scenes should be watched by children as it is not good for children to see all of this and parents should do something if their children are watching movies with inappropriate scenes and magazines. that have inappropriate images because the kids are too young to see it.
My thoughts on censorship in libraries are yes, some books, music, movies, magazines etc. should be taken off the shelves if they are offensive. If they are left on the shelves, a very small child or teen might pick up a book and find it has bad stuff that is meant for adults. The child will ask the caregiver that he is with " @ CAPS1 does this picture mean ? ”, And he probably won't know @ CAPS1 can tell by then. Parents and guardians are not always ready to explain or want to explain as soon as it is necessary about things sometimes. Everyone goes through life with different things to learn at different rates. Some things should be taught when we are young, like how to brush our teeth, but some things should be left until we are older, like having babies or drinking. When parents explain something like making babies, you don't want it to be when they're only five years old. With books in a library with photos of men and women, such questions are asked of young people. Libraries are public places and should be safe for all ages, whether young babies or adults. Public schools also have libraries, and I wouldn't want a child to read an @ CAPS2 or @ CAPS3 book with bad or offensive stuff. It should not only be a book with bad stuff, but it could also be something to do with religions. Everyone has their thoughts and comments on at least one religion. If you've grown up with an @ CAPS4 all your life and a kid picks up a book about Jews, they'll tell someone about it. Young children and teens can still find things they shouldn't at certain ages, but why not do less by not letting a library be censored? When you were younger, your parents didn't want to take you to the library and be asked an offensive question because of a book, music, movie, or magazine. It has worked for so many years, so we shouldn't have to change it now.
I don't believe that books in a library should matter. If you think a book might offend you, don't read it. If you were to read a book with opinions on a Cirtian race or religion, just keep your opinion to yourself. Most people make a big deal on cirtian things to get attention. If a library were divided into sections on topics and the like it would help a lot, and it would be a faster way to get your books and go out to make room for others. Honestly, I haven't seen an @ CAPS1 in a school library, but that's probably because I haven't spent a lot of time looking for it. And if there isn't, it's probably because someone complained about it. If you are religious you should have the right to be able to read whatever you want. There are all kinds of weird books in the library, and a lot of people are looking at them just for fun. I don't know why some people have so much trouble with certain things. Like I said before, if you don't like it, don't read it
I don't think any of these documents are offensive if they are in a library. But if children look elsewhere to find these things, they will find them at any time. Offensive material is there to be picked up by certain people, including children. Books are not offensive only if they are in the adults only area. If that was the case, the children would not read it because it is too long for them and the book does not contain any pictures. The music is offensive but like I said it is only found in the adult area. Kids aren't interested in music at this age, so they wouldn't bother to see them. Movies and magazines contain offensive material and can be found anywhere, but finding them in a library will be rare. The only thing you will find in a library that is offensive will be a magazine. They make a bunch of different types and can be found anywhere. To explain the offensive and non-offensive books that exist. I'm going to talk about '@ CAPS1 @ CAPS2.' The @ CAPS3 book has a lot of swear words, sex scenes, drugs, gang violence, racism. The @ CAPS3 book is so offensive that the children's parents wouldn't let them read it, but the @ CAPS3 book is based on a true story. Everything that happened in this book was real, and people need to know what happened and why the people in this story did these things. Some @ MONTH1 books are offensive, but you can learn from other people's mistakes by reading this book. Everything @ MONTH1 offends you in a way, but looking at it from the other point of view, it's a learning experience. People who made these mistakes might tell children that these things are not angry. Everything has its purpose. Books can tell you the story of people's lives, and movies are based on the story and you can watch it instead. Music can tell you about people's lives through poetry. Magazines really don't matter, they're just here to chat
Is Censorship in Libraries Really Necessary? In my opinion, this is the case, but only to a certain extent. I believe most people who go to the library frequently know what types of books, movies, magazines, etc. I think censorship helps prevent our young people from taking words and actions and using them in their daily lives. If we @ CAPS9 don't want them to read or even hear them, I think censorship is a good thing in some ways. I believe that if censorship were to go away in some form, I would use a different method of censorship that would be a bit more on the side of the more advantaged adults. Censorship would still be in the library in some form. There would be something a little different or new about anything this person checks. If we could, when people look at these books, movies, magazines, etc., we could use a note like movies do. When a child @ NUM1 comes to the library to check out an item and finds one that interests them, they can take it to the librarian and the librarian will check the child's assessment and age with their library card and will see if this item is appropriate for this child. There could be many @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, @ NUM2 and @ CAPS3 assessments. I think the @ NUM3 ages are for @ CAPS1- @ CAPS2, @ NUM4 ages are for @ NUM2 and ages @ NUM6 and up are for @ CAPS3. I often see children learning words, phrases, and actions from movies, books, etc. that make them think it is okay to do or say these things. I do not think so. In my opinion, I think this idea could help our young people and their parents to make better choices in the content to which they submit. So if you think it's a good idea, contact your local library and tell them you're in favor of @ CAPS7, '@ CAPS7 @ CAPS8.' @ CAPS9 don't wait to forget, call now.
Books, movies, music, and even @ CAPS1 are all important in this life and in our environment. They all have a learning process. When you read you learn, when you watch a movie you learn, even when you listen to music you can learn. Whether it is the past, present or future, everyone has the right to know that this is part of citizenship. Speaking of all of this, I believe just because a book or a movie makes someone uncomfortable, I don't think you should take it off. It's not just taking away from your child, or yourself, it's taking away from everyone. Much like the late Huckleberry book, it's a wonderful book that I love because it talks about the good old days when they still believed in slavery, and there were still good-hearted people around. This book for some would be very offensive because it contains the word negro one hundred and twenty-seven times. In fact, last year at my school a mother tried to take it out because she didn't want her son to read it he was actually a mixed boy but luckily the committee saved him and he is still there. This is our story and everyone needs to learn some of it, whether it is offensive or not. Besides movies that can and probably are offensive to people, they still shouldn't have this stuff either, like I said earlier that takes everyone away. If you don't want to see it, don't buy it, or if something you find inappropriate happens, just change the channel. History matters and I don't think people should deny you your citizenship rights and deny you learning what you want to learn or need to learn for the future. Now the musical part I can understand, some @ MONTHS1 are a little inappropriate for young listeners, so like I said before change the station again or don't buy this @ CAPS2. Don't deprive people of what they want to learn, watch or listen to. People who feel offended or kissed should be ashamed of themselves because it is very selfish and rude. No one should be ashamed of who they are or any movie that portrays the old days of how it really happened, if they presented it the right way it would be all a lie. That's why I don't believe in censorship. This shouldn't happen, any book, movie, magazine, @ CAPS2 should be available to whoever wants it
People see libraries as a good place to find out and just a place for information, many people love them and some dread hearing the word “@ CAPS1”. To be honest, I only know a handful of people who use libraries in my life as a source of information these days, but ; Can some library information be offensive to others? The answer is based on your own opinion to be fair enough, but yes, I think some information that can be retrieved from your local @ CAPS1 can be quite disturbing "strictly speaking". There are books and information that you wish you never had in your entire life, and then again, they're everywhere. Now music and movies etc is kind of the same some @ MONTH1 doesn't agree with what he / she chooses and you know they might be interested. Can it offend people ? The answer is rude, but because people will be people. You @ MONTH1 don't agree on something, but your friend may think completely differently than you think, everyone is entitled to their opinion on anything, well normally. Now if they have any graphic movies or explicit music on the shelf that your little son / daughter can just grab I could see that as a major issue. Some parents don't want their kids to listen to this music at such a young age, even though the way things are in America your kid will hear or see these things is life. If this is the case where a five year old can rip a graphic film or CD that a parent doesn't want them to see or hear, then I don't necessarily think they should be banned from @ CAPS1. I believe it should be handled with care and should be moved, within reach not so easy for a five year old. These are common arguments people have, about many places and similar disagreements. Yes, I agree that some things found in a @ CAPS1 may be deemed offensive to some, but my answer remains, " No ", it shouldn't be deleted unless it's really offensive. If there is something shocking about @ CAPS1 and several people find it shocking in the community, I would bring it to the people in charge of the local @ CAPS1.
I think if you feel like they are saying bad things then you shouldn't read the books or magazines and listen to the music and watch the movements. If you feel offensive about it, don't watch it because someone might not find it offensive. It is okay to watch something offensive, so why do it now. I think if they do they might just take a few shows off @ CAPS1.Vs because there are a lot of offensive shows and some don't like it but they don't take them off so why take books off music, movies and magazines on the shelves. I don't believe they should be doing this at all because if I don't like it, I don't look at it, so I don't get mad at something someone says about my belief. A porson might not like the same music as you, I might not like the same music he or she likes, but I don't want to take it off the shelves, they should just stop watching and to listen to anything a porson says about it.
Libraries should not be able to remove books, movies, and magazines from shelves just because some children might be offended. If city libraries and school libraries removed the cool movies, magazines, and books that most kids love to read and watch, then kids who love those books, movies, and magazines wouldn't go back to the library. For example, I like to listen to hard rock, heavy metal and rap. But, people who go to church just like to listen to church music. If you are with your friend one night because he invited you to come to church with him and you park in the parking lot listening to your rap music, some people @ MONTH1 don't like it. That doesn't mean they have to take things that people don't like off the shelves in order to satisfy them. Libraries should have a policy that if a child needs to view a book or magazine or rent a movie, they should ask the child's parents to sign and return an authorization form stating that their child has permission to rent that book, magazine or movie. Libraries should have an age limit for viewing books and magazines. If children wanted to rent a movie, they would have to have an authorization form signed by their parents and returned. This authorization slip will be and can be used for all films. Libraries should not remove their books, magazines or films. They should adopt a policy to allow older children to consult them. So library material should be a choice
Some people @ MONTH1 think that certain books, movies, magazines, or music should be removed from libraries because they @ MONTH1 are considered offensive. I believe that libraries should not be ridding their shelves of “offensive” material. What is it that really makes something offensive ? If someone told me that I look like I've lost weight, I would find it shocking. The person wouldn't have meant it that way, however. Although I would have found it a bit rude, another person @ MONTH1 thought it was a nice compliment. With this logic, can we really conclude that something is really offensive? By saying something is offensive, you are expressing your own opinion. Even if they are not the same as those of others, everyone is entitled to their own opinions; equality is something that most people find very important. For this reason, the offensive definition of one person should not be higher than that of another. If we were to rid libraries of "offensive" material, that is exactly what you would be doing; you would make the definition of an offensive person superior to that of another person. I also think that libraries shouldn't get rid of “offensive” material, because in doing so they would probably get rid of a lot of interesting material. Let's use my religious beliefs for an example. I am @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2. Basically I don't believe in '@ CAPS3'. If someone wrote a book about my religion, I would find it interesting. Some @ CAPS4 @ MONTH1 find this offensive, however. So if a library got rid of this book because someone found it offensive, I wouldn't want to go there that often. When I go to a library, I want to find a book that I would like to read. If all material deemed offensive was removed from the library, would there really be anything left? If so, I doubt that many people find it interesting. I also believe so because by taking a book off the shelf because you find it offensive, wouldn't you be offending the author? As I said before, everyone is entitled to their own opinions. For this reason, libraries should allow authors to express themselves. By removing their books from the shelves, you will be offending them. They took their time and effort to think over and write this book, and if you offend them by taking it off the shelf, you would be defeating the very purpose of taking it off the shelf. In conclusion, I believe that nothing can really be defined as offensive. In addition, people should be able to express themselves. Therefore, libraries should not attempt to clear their shelves of " offensive " material.
Dear @ CAPS1 : Have you ever seen an offensive book on a shelf in a library ? Would you like your children to be influenced by these discoveries ? This is the question you must ask yourself about some materials that appear in libraries. As a concerned citizen, I am writing to give you my opinion on censorship in libraries. In my own personal experiences, I have come across magazines, books, and music that are offensive. I believe these materials should not be found in libraries. There are a lot of people who would still like these materials, so my suggestion is that there should be a separate room for the offending materials. If there was a separate room, we can keep these materials out of the reach of young children. When I get older and have kids, I think the library should be a kid-friendly place. For this to happen, we have to find a place for these materials or not have them at all. Libraries should be somewhere everyone can go: a middle school student trying to prepare for an exam, a young child wanting to find out @ PERSON1, or an old man wanting to enjoy the peace and quiet. Distraction from offensive material is not necessary in a library. Libraries are places to learn and explore the different sources found there. For young children, it is the land of fairy tales where anything is possible and the unimaginable can come true. If there is material that adults don't want their children to see, they @ MOIS1 aren't comfortable having their child there. Libraries should be child friendly places, so that all ages can enjoy what they have to offer. As you can see, offensive material should not be in libraries. All ages should be able to enjoy what a library has to offer, and with materials that are not possible. Please consider the following. Sincerely , @ PERSON2
They have to remove the booksellers because all the students want the library to have a lot of books like Spanish books or different culture, and the students can know different languages or they can do a lot of things with those books. As an example they can read the charge and they can also make the same book with other words. And also the music and the films which they must remove because some DVDs are shelves which they must remove. For example libraries around the world that the need to borrow books for a lot of people has taken, and people can take the book without paying anything, is that people want libraries to be free. Also, libraries have to cover many parts of the world which a lot of people think is a great idea because a lot of people said no because libraries can't borrow books, DVDs, magazines etc. . That's why libraries need people to know that libraries don't borrow books that's what's happening in the world ... I think libraries need to go with people and show what they have in the library and borrow dvd books that people want too ... sometimes the library can rent dvds which are interesting that people cannot find in the other place, like new movies but if the library doesn't some people can go to the library and donate to the bookseller which you can find in the other place. Should we read more like a lot of people do, that's a great idea. And the library needs more style to get people excited and pick up the books and read.
Censorship is important. Especially when it comes to books, magazines, movies, and music that almost all people read, watch, and listen to. Certain media such as books and magazines and the like in libraries around the world can be very offensive to some people or can send the wrong message to children and adolescents. So, should they be removed from the shelves? Personally I think not, most of the media aspects that are on library shelves can be very offensive to people, but it has a lot to do with people's opinions. Readers are those who claim that books and other media aspects in libraries are offensive. Writers, directors, and singers just do what they do, and judgment and opinions all come from people, fans, and critics. We shouldn't take everything off library shelves just because it's offensive to some people. This brings us back to the quote from Katherine Paterson when she said, “And then we don't have any more books on the shelves for any of us. We cannot remove everything from the shelves because everyone's opinions are different so if we censor everything, nothing will be left. Right now they're doing a good job censoring everything like putting a rating on video games and movies. Movies rated @ CAPS1 are known to be aimed at adult viewers and the same is true for video games. The music they play on the radio is censored for foul language, so they make an effort. This gives people the choice to watch, listen or read whatever they want, and they should know in advance that this might offend them. Although sometimes people think that censoring these aspects of media is not enough censorship, that's about all that can be done not to offend others. Taking everything off the shelves because of people's opinions could potentially make someone else angry or miss what they want to read or watch. Censorship can be healthy without taking all media off the shelves and out of the world
Censorship in libraries I know like everyone that you can find just about anything, related to reading, in the library. There are all kinds of things in there. From children's books to love stories, popular magazines, newspapers, movies and music. Everyone is of course welcome to the library, but can anyone look aloud at whatever they want? Personally, I think it's a good idea to have all of this in the library, for anyone, although some are not very appropriate. For people who stay at home and don't have a library, maybe they want to know something specific and the first place they would think of going is the library. No one can really help with what folks @ MONTH1 find in the library, but I think it's a good idea to keep this stuff in a public place. You can go on the Internet to get all the information you need, yes, but what if the Internet doesn't have what you are looking for? I like books better than the Internet myself. Anyone can put information on the computer, but at least when it's in a book it's true, because it has to be published and read by someone who wouldn't leave a book with content in it. false information be released to the public. If librarians are worried about underage children getting into books they aren't supposed to, then put them somewhere they can't access. Put adult books in the adult section and don't let little kids go there. You can always put them up so the kids won't even know they're there. All the libraries I went to had their own section, adults went to their section and children went to theirs. If parents are afraid of what their children are going to find, then keep them at home and don't let them go to the library. Make your own at home, then you can put all the books and magazines you want in it
Are there any documents that should be taken off the shelves of our library just because it contains uncensored material ? My opinion is no, in fact no! Now don't get me wrong, but I'm not the type of person who likes to read material like this all the time, but every once in a while there is a really good book or magazine that I would love to read that doesn't. is not censored. The bad thing is I'm told I can't just because it says something or shows a picture of something a teenager shouldn't see. One of my main questions about this material is why are they allowed to show early Roman statues in our history books but not material that we hear and see on a daily basis? Half the time, the statues represent a naked person. I don't see why this is allowed, but other documents about our time are not. We are in the period when people are open that they don't mind seeing this stuff. Yes, some materials are not suitable for teenagers my age, but honestly I hear offensive things all the time when I walk through the halls of my high school. Someone @ MONTH1 has an opinion on how offensive the material is, but if it's so offensive why do they even bother complaining or thinking about it. Yes, everyone is entitled to their own opinion, but that is an opinion and it does not always make them fair. This person may have his or her opinion, but other people have opinions that might conflict with other people's opinions. Does it hurt them ? You will never know because everyone has their own opinion and who knows which opinion is the correct one. Another claim I would just like to make is that we teenagers are learning to make our own decisions because in the near future we will become adults and have to make those choices on our own. So, just let us choose if we would like to read material with uncensored material. It's our choice, why can't we just choose it without people telling us we can't. I still don't see why it's so important to read uncensored material. Why can't they just authorize the materials in our libraries. Don't make any decisions for us because we can do it ourselves, we learn to be more adult, don't we ?
@ NUM1ed Censorship of certain media is such a controversial subject. Whether or not a certain element is considered offensive and should be censored or not is more often opinionated than logically opposed, as it all really depends on someone's opinion on that issue. It is too difficult for most people to put themselves in someone else's shoes or be persuaded from a point of view different from their own or even to escape pressure from the general public to consider something else. . Things are censored for many reasons too! Sometimes they are just so intentionally offensive that the writer or producer perhaps wishes them censored or appreciates controversy, or that a new point of view or opinion is so radical and against a majority of the population that 'he's just considered offensive because he's so different. Well, when does someone have the right to take a song off the air or take a book off the shelf for good ? The first thing that needs to be considered is whether or not something is offensive. There are extremes in the media where you sometimes have to ask yourself, " @ CAPS1 were they thinking when they did this ?" " A film so outrageously graphic or violent is a good example (although the same can happen in the books, just with words instead of pictures). At the same time if anything you might think of as unnecessary gore in a movie might be right @ CAPS1 I can't wait to see when I go to the movies - everything is opinionated ! Another interesting idea is that someone could come up with a revolutionary and radical scientific theory and write an entire novel or film a documentary explaining all of this, but some groups of people might claim that this offends them. However, we could investigate this theory ourselves and not be offended in the slightest. It's understandable though, people grow up in an environment that has its own set of ethics and principles, and people will honestly believe them and likely stick to these fundamentals throughout their lives. If you go against the beliefs of someone who is so dear to him like that, it will of course be offensive to him. Does this mean that something should be censored just because it offends a few groups in a population? Whether something should be taken from public access is left to the opinion of the general public itself. Public opinion is created by current times, trends, ethics and issues. When something goes against too many of these things, people get upset. If most people are upset about something, it will probably start to disappear from their sight. It's bad for business, and libraries are already losing customers because most people no longer want to read with everything you can do otherwise. Some things can just put a bad taste in your mouth, and if someone has it too often when they go to a library, they probably won't go. So when it comes to censorship in libraries, or anywhere, it's just a bunch of opinions. If the general public doesn't like something, it will stop showing up. Some books or other media call for controversy over many topics, while others unintentionally go against certain groups of people. People's beliefs are determined by where and when they grew up, and they will hold onto these things for life. If anything goes against these, people will be offended, and if enough people are upset, it will be taken away from them.
Do is- it not shocking that some books, music, movies and magazines that you find today on the shelves of your library are not suitable for little ones. I think if you have to ask yourself if a kid should listen to or watch this article, it shouldn't be in or around a kids section at all. Some content may be offensive not only to children, but also to adolescents and adults. Some @ MONTH1 music contains words that children should not be exposed to. Music such as hip / hop and rap @ MONTH1 contains degrading comments towards men and / or women. I wouldn't want my child to listen to this type of music or read a book about it. @ MONTH1 music is also offensive to cultures, religion, sexual orientation, and race. Books or music with comments like this should have notes written on them indicating what is in them. I was reading a book called '@ CAPS1 of @ CAPS2', which I picked up from the kids section. After the first chapter, I wondered who called it a children's book. The character used profanity and talked about sex all the time. My child shouldn't look for a pie book and then find out it isn't pie. I was watching a movie with my two year old once that we got from the library. The movie was full of inappropriate words, so I had to shut it down. Movies like this shouldn't be on the library shelves for my child to see. Now I have to worry about what we are checking. I also had some bad reading experiences. Magazines are important. Some @ MONTH1 magazines contain content such as inappropriate images and words. Magazines should stay in the grocery store rather than a library I take my child to. Books, music, movies, and magazines should stay out of the children's section if they are intended for adult viewing only, keep them in the adult section. Any parent would tell you that they disagree with certain things on the shelf in your local library today. Offensive content should not be found in the library at all. I now know better how to monitor what my child is reading.
All kids have their own style of books, the folks at @ CAPS1 love scary, funny, or romantic books, but can we really offend that ? We should think about how taking @ CAPS1 books off the shelf would affect more than one person, @ CAPS1 @ MONTH1 people being mature enough to read the most "adult" books or magazines, libraries all have the types of styles for different people, you may need to look a little deeper to find the right book for you. I do not agree that @ CAPS1 books and / or magazines can be considered offensive. All libraries are different types of books, like an elementary school library that they won't have for adults or books for teenagers, and a middle school won't have small children's books. We also have to think that peer pressure has an effect on which books or magazines children read ? , for example, when I was in college my friends all read love books, and I always read @ ORGANIZATION1, and I had to change my reading style to fit in, so that's exactly what I did. Books which have offensive content should not be taken off the shelves, I think if there are any "offensive" books in your library just ignore them, you don't need @ CAPS2 to get this book , we can't just pick up the most adult books because the kids at @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 don't know what they're supposed to read. Libraries all have different styles of books to suit all tastes, so just look for the right book that is right for you, and @ CAPS2 doesn't take all books that have an offensive style off the shelf, @ CAPS2 doesn't judge a book by it's cover
“We can all think of a book that we hope none of our children or other children have taken off the shelves. But if I have the right to take this book off the shelf - this job that I hate - then you have the exact same right and everyone else too. And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us. - @ PERSON1 If you think about it, books are a magical escape from everyday life. They can take one anywhere they want to go at any time. Imagine a world where books are a luxury or where they are simply not present. I feel like it would become all too real a reality if we censored the books. Where would the line be drawn indicating that a book is not suitable for @ CAPS5 or put into circulation. It would hold the world back since we couldn't express ourselves through our writing. So many things would not be said. I think the above quote is absolutely true. If we censor a book, everyone has the right to ban other books as well. Just because some books, movies, and magazines are deemed offensive to some doesn't mean they should be banned for everyone. No one should turn down a book because of their age, race, gender, or any other factor. If someone has ever been banned from doing something because of their age or size, the feeling is not pleasant. I have felt this several times. I remember one time in particular. I went to @ LOCATION1 with a group of my cousins and friends. As I was the youngest, I was also the smallest. I couldn't do a lot of rides there due to my size. I knew why these high standards were set, for my personal safety. It makes sense, but why would you have to be a certain age to watch a movie or watch a TV show. Honestly, some people are more mature than others and grow faster. Everyone is different. Everyone has a different personality and a different perspective, it is not necessary to ban everyone from a book when we are all different. One should not be ineligible for @ CAPS5 a book or magazine or watching a movie. Not wanting is totally different from not being able to do it. The popular book To @ CAPS1 A @ CAPS2 was banned at one point in @ LOCATION2 simply for using the 'n-word'. This makes a lot of people angry, especially when you wonder how much slavery along with @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 has affected us and shaped us into who we are today. America is a great nation because of the @ ORGANIZATION1. Do we need an @ ORGANIZATION1 to @ CAPS5 ! Why should we restrict ourselves and limit our own personal freedoms ? If something should be banned I think it's censorship
When one person gives the right to do something, then everyone should have the right to do the same. But every once in a while you have someone abusing their rights to something. I believe all books, music, movies, magazines and everything in between have a right on a library shelf. And they shouldn't be moved if they are found to be offensive, because in almost every book someone reads there will be some kind of offense. I also believe that all books, music, movies, magazines and everything in between have a purpose. And if the goal is good enough to get published, it should have a good message that is worth delivering to people, even if it's a little offensive. I read a few books, watched a few movies and heard a few songs that even offered me somehow. But, since there was more than one purpose to it, and the purpose being a good message, I liked the few movies and songs that most people would say were " unwanted ." I don't have a lot of experiences because there isn't much that I can say offending, but the few songs, movies that are offensive even to me, I believe there was a kind of good post there. Personally, I think no one should be allowed to take a book, a piece of music, a magazine, or anything else off a library shelf. Because everything has some kind of purpose and contains some kind of message that each person has to find out
Yes, I think they should be taken off the shelves. Certain books, music, films, magazines, etc. are overcrowded and young children will visit the library. They should have a shelf for children, teens, and adults. Everyone should have their own section for their age group. Young children are already doing things they shouldn't be doing, like hanging out on the street, hanging out with older children. They watch inappropriate movies when they should be watching something educational. The music they have nowadays children shouldn't listen to. It's too damn and violent. More parents need to spend more time with their children and talk to them about these things. There are some things tennis players should watch and read as well. I don't think they should be reading about murder or sex. I prefer that their parents tell them about it and stop hiding things from them. Parents will eventually find out what you are doing behind closed doors, they have gone through everything you are doing or trying to do now. So just talk to them and be realistic about things. I think there should be some magazines in the library. Young children fight because they don't look like young actors and actresses in magazines. They're trying to rush their lives and be someone they're not meant to be. Young women want big breasts and buttocks. Next, young men want to have big muscles and be buff. In conclusion, I don't think that books, music, movies, magazines, etc. should be removed from the shelves. There should be a shelf for young children, tennages, and adults. The music on the radio these days shouldn't be there. Magazines should not be put on shelves so that children can reach them. There are some things tennis players should watch and read.
I honestly think everything should be allowed in libraries. If you think about it, there is a law called freedom of speech. This law should be the only reason someone doesn't ban something for what they say. Also, in my opinion, if you find it offensive, you don't need to watch it, read it or listen to it. I remember walking to the library in town and seeing a lot of books. None of these books sounded really offensive. Here again, this library had a floor where the most "colorful" books were to be found. For example, some adult books, etc. These books were offensive. They shouldn't be banned though, they should only be moved. On another akasion, I remember going through the library trying to find a book to help me with a school assignment and saw several young children looking at adult books and magazines. I believe these were put here for advertisements, however, they should be advertised in different areas off the kids and teens site. While it would be nice to see some books and magazines banned, it would be quite difficult to accomplish. I don't think anything should ever be banned for what it says, shows, or rings. Instead, moved from one area to another area. For example, instead of showing some things at low levels where younger people can get their hands on, they should be at a higher level or behind the desk.
Have you ever found an offensive book? A lot of people can say they have. They might not agree on the point of the book or certain points of view in the text. When this happens, people stop reading the book and other books in the same category. Certain materials should not be removed from shelves if they are deemed offensive to certain people. Everyone has opinions, what would be left without books? In my public library, the citizens of my city can request that certain books, films, music or magazines be put on the shelves. We are very fortunate to have this available because if someone cannot afford certain books, they can always count on the library. Many people have been very grateful for this system. If some people at the library did not want to order certain books requested by citizens because they found them offensive, what would happen? More people would stop going to the library because there would be no material of interest to them. Everyone is entitled to their own opinions. Just because someone doesn't approve of a book doesn't mean that book shouldn't be donated to the library. There are thousands and thousands of books on display in the public library, that doesn't mean you have to read them all. There are also many different genres of novels, movies, music, and magazines. Everyone has interests in different types. If people all liked the same things, wouldn't life be boring? In conclusion, some materials should not be removed from library shelves if they are deemed offensive to certain people. Everyone is entitled to their own opinions. If a specific book is requested and someone finds it offensive, the book should remain in the library. There are many different genres of books, music, movies, and magazines. Imagine if the library didn't have a certain type of novel that you liked, would you keep going?
I think libraries should not remove material from the shelves even if it is offensive. Libraries should not remove offensive material because while it may be offensive to some people, others might want to know more about it. For example, @ CAPS1 didn't like @ CAPS2. In some books there is some offensive stuff about @ CAPS2 that has been reported by @ CAPS4. Some @ CAPS2 might take this offensive, but other people of different races or religions might want to know more about what has been said. Just because people read about it doesn't mean they'll all agree. People can have their own point of view, no one has the right to tell a person what they may or may not like. If censorship starts happening in libraries or whatever in other community places, I think people are going to get mad and might have a bigger problem than some people being offended by their material. They might think they are being told what they can or cannot read, listen to, or believe. It will cause more conflict and make a lot of people angry. I think it will be easier if the library has the material on shelves and people who take offense at what they have in there should ignore it because why will they read or listen to something if does that only make them angry ? They may be offended by what a person says, but regardless, not everyone will think or agree with what is said. It's just a personal point of view, let them be themselves and stay true to what you think you - same and your beliefs. Not everyone is right and not perfect, be yourselves
Documents should not be deleted from libraries. It should be left to one person to decide what to see or see. Books, music, movies, etc. are materials that everyone uses and for some a library is a safe haven where they can only get their hands on such things and nowhere else. anybody. One of the reasons why some materials shouldn't be taken off library shelves is that there will always be topics, and materials that many people say shouldn't be seen, and there will always be others. people who will feel differently. And if we allow them to be taken away, you will only take away a personal choice from a person, which we should all strive not to do. Also, who would be in charge of deciding which material should be removed and which should not ? Is there really one person who could make such a choice for everyone? Also, there is no way that everyone can agree on what content to remove, so in trying, you would just provide something more that everyone can discuss. I believe if not everyone can be satisfied then why bother. Another reason why some material in libraries should not be deleted is that by deleting certain material you will interfere with education. Books, movies, and the like are used to learn, even if people realize it or not, and the more opportunities a person has to learn, the better. And who are we to decide what a person decides to learn about? In fact, there have been times in history when officials mistakenly decided that the public should not be educated or know certain things and it was wrong then and it would be even worse now in our. modern society. A society based on learning and knowledge, a society which, in a situation, must not hinder a person's ability to learn. Also, I realize that some folks @ MOIS1 are arguing that for young children it is better not to see certain documents, but this is where parents come in. It's up to them to decide what their own. children read or see and others do not. And so there is no reason for anyone to interfere with the choice of parents as long as they are in accordance with the law. These are the reasons why I think libraries should not be allowed to decide what materials and subjects are put on their shelves. For some decisions no one can make to satisfy everyone and be right. Therefore, it is better if such things are left to the person himself.
I don't believe in some materials such as books, music, movies, magazines and ect. should be deleted, unless there is nudity or a lot of profanity in the books. Because some books and movies are bad for showing small children. But I think we should have anything that teaches you something in the lab. Also, people have to do reports and homework on some books, and if it's something with a bit of profanity and a bit of graphics, you should be fine. I think if the library has that kind of books, movies, music, and magazines, they should let you if you're a certain age or have a note from a teacher that you need this book, or some sort of rule that lets you choose any type of book but with permission. The library would have more people if it had more and better books. Because most of the things people love are in books or movies that the library won't have. So it all depends on the situation. There is a lot of offensive stuff out there, that doesn't mean you can keep it away from people. Sooner or later they will find out anyway. I think there is no point in libraries doing this. I always hate it when I try to get something when you find out you must be @ NUM1 or older or have an adult with you. Also, some people don't have computers or excess internet, so they can't find things easily. They have to go to the library to look for something and if you're lucky they might have the thing you are looking for at the library but if they don't it sucks. So that's my take on having offensive things on the shelves.
People believe censorship is important in libraries. They believe things shouldn't be posted if they have a bad subject. They think it sends the wrong message to kids and teaches them horrible things to do and say. I do not agree with them on this point and these are the reasons why. I think books / music / movies / magazines shouldn't be taken off the shelves if they have swear words, I think they should keep selling them even if they have swear words. I feel this because there are a lot of horrible things in this world. Kids have to learn this, and I wanna swear or whatever that is not a big deal, there is so much more to worry about than a few swear words that kids read and listen to. I listen to music which has swear words inside and also read books with bad words and it doesn't influence me in any way. So we shouldn't always be trying to control everyone, we should just let them be on the shelves and let the parents decide if it's unfit or not. In conclusion, I think again that they should be on the shelves and people should be allowed to listen / read whatever they want. if it doesn't hurt anyone or himself, then let it go on and happen. let them do what they want
Dear @ CAPS1- @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3, this concerns @ MONTH1 ; I am writing to explain to you that the students of @ MONTH1 are tired that the students in their school do not return the books to their school library. Many students reported from a book that a classmate did not return. Many students forget that they have pulled out a book or that they are even late. This therefore complicates the task of the student trying to make a report. If books, music, magazines, etc. are not returned, people should be punished more than just paying late fees. I have witnessed many students who also did not want to return the book until they had picked it up. We, the undergraduate class in my high school, had an essay for which we needed books, newspapers, the internet, and magazines. Fortunately, the senior class returned all of their books, newspapers, internet, magazines, etc., which they used for their essays. But many juniors still haven't returned the equipment they used. Teachers have threatened them with late payment and / or have to pay for lost materials. I see they don't mind having to pay late fees and / or having to pay for lost materials. Even if teachers charge them, future classes will have to struggle and go out and buy books, magazines, etc. . It is unfair that they worry about having the material they need to be successful and write their essay. I think if schools took time and got parents involved. They wouldn't have so many students who didn't follow the rules. students think their teachers can't tell them what so maybe if their parnets were involes they follow directions and turn in their books, magazines etc, In conclusion if someone wants to pick up a book they should get a lot of their personal information as well as the name of their school. If people don't return their books, they want other people to use them. So I say that everyone has the right to use the books, the music, the movie magazine, etc. . Just try to remember to give them back to other students as well.
No, I don't think there are any documents that should be removed from library shelves if they are found to be offensive. You have the right to read what you see or to keep moving and read what you want. Certain books, films, magazines, etc. shouldn't be deleted just because someone else doesn't like them. If someone of a certain creed sees something offensive to themselves or to their religion, then they have the option of not reading or watching it. Something that someone might find offensive might be of interest to someone else or they might have to do a report or project on it. There is no need to discriminate against a book or a movie just because a certain religious group or someone as an individual does not approve of it. It is a public library that exhibits documents to the public! Anyone can come and read whatever they want. A library is open to the public, which means people of different races, beliefs, religions, etc., will pass by and they may see something offensive or dislike. They have the option to either pick it up and read it or ignore it and ignore it. The choice is theirs to let someone else's opinion bother them or not to let their opinion count at all and keep doing their own thing. People have to be strong enough to rise above all negativity and keep doing what they want and keep believing what they believe in. It doesn't matter if someone hates or has hateful things to say about you or your individual. Don't pay them any attention at all. I know you think censorship should be in public libraries, but it's not fair to people who might be offended, but they don't have to read it if they don't want to. They must learn that in life there will be people who will not like. Even the people @ MONTH1 have hurtful or hateful comments to say about you. Learn to be strong enough to stand in what you believe in and don't let enemies or the opinions of others bring you down
I don't think books should be taken off the shelves just because it's offensive or because other people don't like it. If everyone took the books, music, and movies off the shelves they didn't like, then all that was left would be empty shelves. I believe the library had the right to keep whatever it wanted on the shelves. Some @ MONTH1 say the library has inappropriate books to look at, or that they don't want their kids to take a book they don't like and read it. I think this is why the library has the shelves marked in sections for example, adult, young adult, children and reference. I have never seen a book that offended me in a library, which brings me to another point. Everyone has an opinion, if a book is offensive to you, it might not be to someone else. For example, let's say you saw a book about animal mating and thought it was a bad book for the library because little kids might pick it up. Well, that's your opinion because, if a biology teacher has seen a book like this, he might want to check it out. Another thing is that the library has a certain book for a reason. Say there is a book in the library that deals with slaves, this book might be offensive to @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 but, this book is here to educate people about slavery. What is offensive to some is not to others. In conclusion, I think books shouldn't be taken off library shelves just because it offends you. Everyone just needs to remember that people have their own opinions on things and you just have to face them. That's why I think books shouldn't be taken off the shelves
There are people in the world who might be offended by various types of literature, movies, music, etc. I understand that, but I don't think they should be banned just because someone else doesn't agree with it. Other people might like it or they might like it themselves if they give it a chance. Before you say you don't like something, maybe you should give it a chance. Maybe try looking at a few pages from a book you've heard of before. Watch at least one or two episodes of a TV show. Before you make a final decision on something, give it a chance first. Some people don't use certain media because it goes against their beliefs. If so, ignore it. If you don't like certain types of music, don't listen to them. This might be a movie you don't particularly like, so don't watch it. In conclusion, people should learn to give certain things a chance. They also shouldn't get rid of something just because they themselves don't like it or find it offensive. Having said that, I do not think that certain media should be banned.
For many students, it is difficult to write essays in a public school library. Gaining the information you need is like finding a needle in a haystack. This is not due to lack of funding or even the quality of teachers and staff. No, neither of these issues is the cause of many students' inability to write thought-provoking essays and analyzes on a multitude of topics. This is due to the extreme censorship that is imposed on libraries and schools in general. There are many relevant topics and materials needed to truly understand that our ever-changing world is beyond the reach of those who will continue to rule this new world. Some examples of this tyranny of knowledge are the suppression of books, it's like @ PERSON1, @ PERSON2, @ CAPS1 and many other classic works. Each of them according to many parents has good reason to be removed from our libraries. @ PERSON1 @ PERSON1 promotes discrimination and racial supremacy in addition to being written by what @ CAPS3 has identified as one of mankind's most vile creatures. @ PERSON2 uses racial surrenders which are not appropriate for the care of our young children. The @ CAPS1 violates the separation of church and state. Many other classic works refer to racism, drugs, murder, sex and use endemic profanity. All of these are valid reasons why a parent @ MONTH1 advocates censorship of our libraries. These reasons, important as they are @ MONTH1, are no longer good enough to hold true in today's changing environment. Many of the books that have been recommended for removal show us an unfiltered view of a period of time from a point of view that did not belong to the " winner " of the social battle. As we know, '@ CAPS3 is written by the winners.' @ CAPS4 It is good that the @ CAPS5 won the @ CAPS6 @ CAPS7 and helped end slavery, it is always important to realize that we still cannot suppress the point of view of our knowledge centers. To forget is to remember at another time. This is when we repeat the same mistakes again. For parents who also want to save the innocence of their children by banning these books in libraries, it must be realized that the media have disseminated these prohibited images to their children more than books. Censoring our libraries is depriving our children of the knowledge they need to fully understand our dark and fragmented world. Just because we try to close our eyes to the realities of the world doesn't mean that they don't exist. Better to see and understand than to enter the blind and dumb world
Should offensive material be removed from the library ? I think not, and there are several reasons why I disagree with this idea. Many books, films, and magazines are not meant to offend people, but simply to let the reader know how the author feels. I think books, movies, magazines, etc. should stay on the shelf because if they are taken out, what are we left with? Looks like all that was left would be the dictionary. I think when Katherine Paterson said, " The kids or whatever kid has been taken off the shelf, " she was making a big mistake. So what is it that seems to shock people ? Topics such as gossip and politics are a gold mine for the authors of @ DATE1. Still, people find these topics offensive, possibly due to their background. If someone finds an offensive reading, then they should stop reading and that's it. Instead, people decide to go on a rampage against this magazine or whatever they read and what it forbids others to read for life. Readers have the choice to read whatever they want and if they don't agree with that topic, get on with their lives. At the library, I see many people of different shapes and sizes walking through the door every day. Many of them like a different topic than others, so it's normal to find everyone reading on a different topic. Of course, someone here and there doesn't like an author, but never decides to go crazy about him. Instead, they'll just pick a different reading to enjoy for themselves. People read what they want to profit, not to criticize the author for his writing. In my own reading I have sometimes found things that I do not agree with. Instead of getting to the bottom of it and getting excited about it, I choose to reflect on the origin of the author and try to understand his side. On the other hand, some films are aimed at one type of audience while instead another audience sees the material. This still should not get any movies or other banned material from the library. When on the box it says that it is designed for teens and up, it means it's not for a four year old to watch and their parents get mad at them for it. If people would follow what the box says and listen to the directions, then there would be no problem. I disagree with @ PERSON2 when she said that certain books, magazines, movies, etc. should be removed from the library. People have the right to read anything and see whatever they want, and if they don't agree, they should just take care of it. From my own experience, I haven't found an issue in my community library with people wanting content removed. Once people start following the guidelines and reading the boxes and still disagree, then maybe they'll have something. But until then we should keep our national libraries as they are today
There is great debate today as to whether certain materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should be removed from library shelves if they are found to be offensive. Many arguments are made from someone's own experience, observations and / or reading. I've read many people's concerns about the @ CAPS1 issue, and there are valid points to make on both sides of the story. Whatever your opinion of the @ CAPS1 problem, there will always be someone who opposes it. You see the censorship of offensive language on TV, but here's my take on whether or not censorship should have an effect on books, music, movies, magazines, etc. The first point I would like to make about censorship is that people all over the world have come into contact with something that they @ MOIS1 thought was offensive. When children are old enough to understand what other people are talking about, they will come into contact with things that they consider offensive at some point in their lives. I know from my own personal experience that you will see things that people think should be censored. Although I come from a religious family who don't like to offend anyone, I am old enough to realize that not everything in life is always going to turn out the way you want it to. When you honestly think about it, you can't censor things you hear in person, so why censor things in certain documents ? The second point I would like to make about censorship is that no matter how hard you try to censor certain content, people will always find a way to take things offensive. There are some things in life that you cannot control, and being insulted or offended is one of them. Even the most popular man or woman on the planet has been offended at least once or twice. This is not about trying to censor every little thing that @ MONTH1 is offensive to some people. Perhaps these are the people who are learning to handle a little criticism. “We can all think of a book that we hope none of our children or other children have taken off the shelves. But if I have the right to take this book off the shelf --- this work that I abhor --- then you have exactly the same right and everyone else too. And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us. @ CAPS1 is a quote from Katherine Paterson that makes a big statement. Almost every well-written book you'll find on the shelves has something that should be censored. What would these books be without these statements? To conclude @ CAPS1's debate on censorship, many arguments were made about censorship views. Many observations, personal experiences and / or readings have been made by many different people. The truth is, there will always be people who disagree with the topic @ CAPS1, but that's how it is. We @ MONTH1 never know who is right or wrong about @ CAPS1. We do know, however, that judging from the previous points above, it is highly unlikely that certain materials will be removed from the shelves if they are found to be offensive.
Have you ever imagined a @ CAPS1 without movies or music to entertain you? A @ CAPS1 who doesn't have books to read or magazines to keep you up to date with the latest gossip and fashion? Well if the articles are forbidden to be seen or read then there will be no creativity in the @ CAPS1, soon there will be no more books or magazines to read, no music to listen too, and no movies to watch, and you will not be able to express yourself or your opinions. I don't believe there are any materials that should be taken off the shelves if they are found to be offensive. If the @ CAPS1 is left without certain materials, there will be no creativity. Everyone will be forced to have the same thoughts if they cannot find out more about other thoughts that are presented as offensive. No one can read about a topic that interests them if it is prohibited, it will end creative thinking by not allowing people to think differently. In the process of deciding which books are offensive and which are not, all books will ultimately be eliminated. Some topics are not to everyone's liking and, as Katherine Paterson says, " ... if I have the right to take this book down ... everyone does too." And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us. Paterson is quite right too; if one person has the right to take a book away, everyone has the right and that will cause everyone to take that book away that they don't like so much. Also, everyone likes different kinds of books and different topics, and it will lead to less self-expression because if someone doesn't like the books on @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 because they think it is. is offensive to @ CAPS4, then there won't be any books about @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 on the shelves for everyone to see. Everyone will become the same if they cannot speak out or express their opinions. If a certain subject is banned for being discovered as an offensive subject, it will result in the thought ban. If you can't read or watch a topic, you also shouldn't be able to think or talk about it because you will be offending someone. Moreover, if people can choose which books can be in a library, they will eventually transfer to other areas, such as clothing, food, thoughts, etc. Eventually everyone will wear the same clothes, eat the same food, and think the same thoughts. I don't believe there are any materials that should be exterminated from the shelves if they are found to be offensive. If specific materials are prohibited: Creativity will be eliminated from our lives, eventually all materials will be prohibited, and we will all be the same through lack of self-expression. If you've never thought of a @ CAPS1 without books, movements, music or magazines ; Hope you learned how cruel and boring @ CAPS1 would be without all of this stuff.
Anyone has the right to anything. Right to speak freely ; watch what they like; etc. Censorship on the media depends. People who like this stuff can go to a place where they can buy censored and uncensored items. Nowadays, every place has censored books, CDs, video games, etc. But they also have uncensored articles. For parents or people who disagree with what is shown on the shelf. Also on @ CAPS1 parents are complaining about what is happening on @ CAPS1, well there is a channel button and you can change the channel. Or even in today's technology, you can prevent this channel from being viewed. No one ever said he had to buy what the person in front of you is buying. People have the right to choose what they want to buy, whether it is censored or not. Say or do whatever they want as long as it is within the law of the laws. It all depends on your style and what you are showing your child. @ CAPS3, @ CAPS3. It is not so easy to keep children from the volgure of new technologies. They go to a friends house and the child's parents don't care and let their child watch anything @ CAPS4- @ CAPS5 rated. The maximum that you let your child watch is @ NUM1. It is difficult to keep a child safe from what you prefer that they not see. But what people need to understand is that they are going to find out somehow. Plus, a child in the shelter will go to the extreme to find out what's on the other side of the tracks to get a taste of the water, to see what he's been missing. . The kids will be kids and they'll sneak behind your back and do whatever they want because they never knew what it looked like in the first place. Anyone is entitled to anything, you as a person have chosen not to allow your child to have a game rated @ NUM2 years old, but his friend @ NUM3 years old does. Remember he's going to play it with his friends. Everyone has a different taste about censorship. Some think everything should be a little cleaner, others think differently. So, thanks to the two sides, the stores sell you what you prefer.
@ CAPS1 is the freedom of expression to be able to read, well and listen to what you want but under certain conditions. I think all books should be out loud to stay on the shelf. Like I said, as Americans we have the freedom to do and say how we feel about something without worrying about what's to come. But we also have to think about what we are doing and saying and if something is wrong or is hurting someone. we should take full responsibility for our mistakes. But I agree that there are some books that should be taken off the shelves if they provide ideas for our ideas to bring down our country. such as terrorist groups, books on drugs and alachol should be taken down so that we do not rip the minds of our young people. Our youth today are very much influenced by the music we listen to, the books we read and the television we watch. From these things @ CAPS1 shows us how to act, dress, feel and treat other people @ CAPS1 is free speech, but say the right thing and be careful what you say because someday @ CAPS1 could affect you.
People shouldn't take all the books out of the library. Because other people would probably like to look at these books too. If people start putting out books, the whole book will be gone. So that would mean where there wouldn't be any books for people to look at . That is why there should be a law that you can only release a book for a certain period of time. It would help keep all the books in the library. So if people just start talking about the book for the library, there won't be any books left in the library to check out. So there must be a law that says you can consult a large number of books at once. And how long you can have the books. If you do not return the books within a certain period of time, you will be charged a fee. The amount will accumulate each day you do not bring books. Also, if you don't pay the bill, you won't be able to view the books until you pay the amount. So it would be a good idea for people not to steal or take the books. About the Book, films and magazines that are the liberators. All books, films and magazines should remain on the shelves. Because if you take one out, you should take them all out. Because everyone needs to see these things in life, even if they have something bad like a movie or magazine, they should stay on the shelves. So if a book, magazine, or movie is taken off the shelves, they all need to be taken off the shelf. If you make them angry, stop making a book for me and for you to read. So that's what I think of the things you should do if you're trying to remove books from the library shelves. this book, film and magazine.
I think all uncensored books, movies, music and magazines in a library should be taken off the shelves and placed in one room in the library and tagged as @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2. Children who go to the library in most libraries have a space where it is just children's books, but when the children go with their parents or someone older than the teenager and @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 , they don't know what they're looking at when they just grab a random book from the shelf and / or the shelf. Some people @ MONTH1 think it shouldn't be like this because they are tired of knowing who could see them walk into a small room marked @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2. However, if you don't want someone to see you walk into that room, you just don't go. Thus, by isolating books, magazines, videos, etc. @ CAPS1 you can prevent kids from just picking up any book that has uncensored pictures or grabbing a video that parents @ MONTH1 don't watch and ends up being a movie @ CAPS1 and then the kid might want be keep seeing stuff like this when he hits puberty he will be eager to have sex with a boy / girl. Having said that, I hope you will see how my idea of separating @ CAPS1 stuff will keep them out of @ CAPS1 stuff and prevent them from having sex as young as thirteen. When it comes to music, there really is no way to completely stop kids from listening to music like rap that has bad language and sometimes is about sex and drugs and kids think that the artist who wrote the song made him be a big guy and they got drugged and had sex and watch how they turned out. The best way, in my opinion, to prevent kids from listening to rap is if their parents don't let them listen while they're with them. However, other music like @ CAPS5 @ CAPS6 and @ CAPS7 or even hip-hop rarely has any reference to rap music themes. I could also argue that parents should ensure that their children are aware of the consequences of some of the actions they take for these reasons and that they should take the initiative to sanction children for their actions.
'@ CAPS1' @ CAPS2 say that word! ' That's exactly what I told my brother after he read the cover of a magazine in the library one afternoon. Personally, I am in favor of not using bad words. Yet my brothers are influenced by things, like the media, to say them. Should we allow the media to sprinkle such words on magazines and books ? Or should the items containing these objects be removed from the shelves of the library ? Magazines are one of the many ways to get the latest gossip on the most interesting scandals. They also appeal to many people around the world. Most of these people are @ DATE1. Libraries will most often place magazines on the shelves in order to attract some adult customers. Most of the magazine's content is photos of half-dressed women or men and some explicit language on the covers these days. Should this be the new normal? I @ CAPS1 '@ CAPS2 think so. I like to read. Personally, I think it's best to read @ DATE1 sitting on the couch and watch your mind numb @ CAPS2.V. But, the material of some books has gotten to where every other word is a dirty word. Or they contain degrading scenes that no one should have to read. In the old days, books were read to learn something new or to open your mind to a new culture or new information. In these times, however, it seems difficult to stumble upon a good book that looks like the classics. As with every day, we are replacing the authors' magic words with common words that everyone can use. Replacing such books like these on the shelves for everyone to read is not @ CAPS2. It shouldn't even be allowed @ CAPS2. With electronic devices like the @ NUM1 player and so on, most of the music comes from online sites where you directly purchase the song. Most @ CAPS1 '@ CAPS2 parents know about half of the songs kids buy, especially when @ CAPS1' @ CAPS2 buy them at home. With the internet in many libraries, kids can plug in their device and buy songs with offensive language or graphic material without anyone knowing. Why @ CAPS1 '@ CAPS2 do librarians place restrictions on sites? The answer is they can '@ CAPS2. And, even if they did, the kids would find a way around the restrictions. So personally I think they should remove the ability to download and buy music from the library. Or remove the terrible language from the songs. Because the language they use is not necessary. Although times are constantly changing and things are different than they used to be, with a little help we can restore it to where it was. Children who use such foul language are a problem that should be taken seriously. From my own experiences, I know this is a growing problem. But, maybe if we put censorship in the libraries, some or most of the problems can go away. Articles from magazines, books and even songs, explicit language and graphic scenes are almost everywhere. So talk and tell someone about the idea. It might just start a revolution
Not everyone has the same opinion on censorship. Some people don't like books and movies with profanity, but others @ MONTH1. Also someone @ MONTH1 loves scary mystery books and movies, but others @ MONTH1 don't. I think all movies, music, and books are okay. I can understand why some people @ MONTH1 want to remove certain movies or books from libraries. They want it because they're inappropriate, but the point is, they're not inappropriate for everyone. Many people love books and movies that contain profanity because it brings out the real in the book. Personally, I think some magizines just need to stop being made. For example; Magizines @ CAPS1 are horrible to me. There are only naked women in there. I'm saying women don't respect each other enough to cover themselves up, but there are other opinions. Others @ MONTH1 think it's creative and beautiful how women look in magazines, and it's not just magazines, it's movies too. More and more films are advertising sex and drugs in their films. Everyone has their opinion on censorship, and not everyone can get what they want. I think if you are offended by any movie, music lyrics, book or magazine, don't read or watch it
Do some documents need to be removed from your public library ? Not everyone has the same points of view. Which might offend you, @ MONTH1 would be nice to someone else. Personally, I don't believe that anything should be taken out of a library just because something you might not like someone might really enjoy. If you don't want to learn something, you shouldn't take it away from others. I think if they start removing items from library shelves, they should still be allowed to be viewed by those who want them. Even if you just put them away, it would be better than taking them completely out of the library. More and more books are banned every day, and personally I don't think it's fair for the growing generation not enjoying the things the older generation has. So I think no book should be taken out of the library. If you don't believe or appreciate something, that doesn't mean someone else won't.
What is appropriate in libraries these days? Opinions differ depending on the variety of different people across @ LOCATION1. Censorship has taken a turn in public libraries, but it is still strictly prohibited in school libraries. Personally, I think there is a difference between vulgar and inappropriate objects in a public library compared to a school library. A public library is a place for anyone and anywhere to come and find an article that interests them. As we all know everyone is different and has their own interests so they should be able to find the book, the music etc. for them. The problem is, how do libraries keep these uncensored objects out of the reach of children? The answer should be simple. For reflection, perhaps all public libraries should be divided into sections, each with its own subject. These different sections could include Children, @ CAPS1 and many other different titles. This configuration is often used in well known bookstores and libraries such as '@ CAPS2 and @ CAPS3' and '@ CAPS4'. Overall, censorship in public libraries does not need to be as strict as in school libraries. School libraries are a whole different idea. School libraries are made to help students succeed in school, no more and no less. However, I also believe that the content in school libraries also depends on the maturity of the students. For example, libraries in primary and secondary schools should be subject to more stringent censorship than libraries in secondary schools. High school students should be mature enough to handle uncensored material without creating a huge scene, as we all know younger students would. I have personally seen and witnessed a few so-called " inappropriate " books on the shelves of my high school library, but readers of the book have been ripe to read it. I believe some offensive and vulgar articles can be interesting and educational. It's all part of growing up. Censorship in our libraries today varies from library to library. School libraries and public libraries are completely different places of literary and media content. I think it's a person's personal decision about which library they go to. If a family with young children wants to go to the library, parents should choose the appropriate areas in the building to find the children. Therefore, there should be no problem in stumbling upon a “bad” book. The author, @ PERSON1, says: "We can all think of a book that we hope none of our children or other children have taken off the shelves ... And then we have no more books on the shelves for anyone.
The author should be the judge of whether or not he wishes his book to be censored. I believe libraries shouldn't have to release books with offensive language. If the author likes the way it was originally made, then this is how he would like to present it. This would be removing a right in @ CAPS1. If you had to write a book and someone tells you you can't put a certain word. It is not for the public to make a decision. It's almost like rewriting history. It would be as if someone spelled out a word in @ ORGANIZATION1. If a word is changed, it is an incorrect @ ORGANIZATION1. It just changes the whole subject. You cannot rephrase what has been written. Public opinions are beginning to invade the world. Instead of letting the facts be the facts, people want to adjust things to be less offensive. Next thing you know, there will be a replaced word for slavery. Slavery is a strong, bold word that stands for a horrible thing. If someone changed that word, it could lead to this happening again. I say with all my heart that people should respect what has been written and leave it like this or not read it
First of all, do you believe that some documents like books, music, magazines etc. should be taken off the shelves if they are found to be offensive, this question should never be asked in life. Why because there are a lot of people reading stuff and listening to stuff that you might not like at all. When I first saw this question, I thought to myself that if all people thought the same, this world would be boring, and I answer the question by saying that there shouldn't be any books in it. remove or any music to remove, from any shelves' why because we don't all like the same thing or do the same thing. First and foremost, I know there are a lot of different things people do because they like to do it and some don't do that stuff because they really don't like or care. not. This answers the question about removing books, music, or magazines from the shelves, even if the article about the book, music, etc. There are things you love to do and things you love to read, listen to and watch etc. that others don't like or hate about it. Second, not only because you don't like something that people should stop doing these things or stop buying these things, NO !!, that is not the case here @ CAPS1. or @ CAPS2. you shouldn't be just worrying about yourself or doing what's right for you. If you are a good person who wants to be someone in the future, don't just care about yourself, you also care about the other person, because you will need this person or these books in the future every time. that you will fall. In my conclusion, about this article. I think people shouldn't take anything out of a library, even if it is offensive to others, these things help others in life to do what they really want to do, while others are hurt for those who shock what write on a little peace of paper. I hope the latter will help you all to reflect and change your decision regarding this matter, I hope you all make the right decision which would not affect anyone in general. Thank you for taking your time to prepare what I really think about removing items from libraries.
A person's strong negative opinion affects everyone. It doesn't seem logical or fair. A library is a sanctuary for people to go and read their favorite books for free, containing books of all types of genres. There is a book for everyone in the library; it is a question of finding it. Therefore, finding an offensive or inappropriate book does not entitle everyone to take this privilege away. Books have a way of reassuring us, whether it's because it's an escape or because it's measured on the pleasure of reading. Books found to be offensive to one person might have a completely different impact on the next reader; some @ MONTH1 even find the books relevant. For example, if there was a scene that a reader thought was too graphic or horrible for other readers, there would @ MONTH1 someone who would find that scene pleasing because it can relate to it. People who are not able to relate to such a scene would only find it inappropriate and try to remove it from the reach of another. The opinion of one does not matter more than that of the other. The book '@ CAPS1' is a professionally written fictional novel that has won acclaim for its quality, hence the many awards it has won. Although this book contains a scene of rape and many other inappropriate events that this woman succumbed to throughout her life. Even so, it is still on the college suggested reading list for classes @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4. It is disappointing to think that people today focus on the graphic scenes of a novel, as opposed to the exceptional writing style. If all readers could look beyond the surface among these scenes, fewer books would be considered when removing from the shelves. A person's negative interpretation of a novel affects everyone's right to censorship in libraries. Readers are fully warned in advance of the maturity of the content. Books are categorized, reviewed, summarized (back cover summary) and even sorted in a library. If you find an offensive book, look in another section. Books are also sorted by genre for this reason; different genres appeal to different people. This also applies to the maturity of the reader. The books are sorted based on what appeals to which age. If you find a book offensive, instead of removing it completely from the shelf, look for a youth section or a completely different genre. If someone finds the book offensive, the fault is not that the book is there, but that the person is in the wrong section. The main problem with censorship of books in libraries is not the content, but the way in which interpretations differ from such content. On this issue, the opinions of other readers on specific deleted books are drastically overlooked. Complaining about the contents of a book automatically gives someone else the right to protect the contents of the book. For libraries, removing books by order of censorship is considered favoritism and is totally contrary to the rights that @ LOCATION1 has defended.
Do you think there are some documents that just shouldn't be allowed in libraries ? Censorship in libraries is a delicate subject. Many people with young children think that some books just shouldn't be allowed in libraries, while others think that because it's a book, anyway, it should be allowed to be. be in the library. Who knows, someone @ MOIS1 needs to write an article on this certain "tricky" book. I personally think that as long as the book is in an appropriate section, it should be okay for someone of the right age to be able to get that book or other material. Libraries should have a certain area for children's books and another area for reading or adult or adolescent level material. This way, it is less likely that a young child will end up getting a book with material for an adult or teenager. The library in the city where I live has a clearly defined area for children and adolescents. This way, young children won't be looking for their favorite book along with a book rather than something that many adults shouldn't even be reading. If people are concerned that someone is too young to read or view the material, the library may also place an age restriction on the material. This way, anyone who has not reached the age limit will not be able to get the material. However, those who are of the required age will be able to obtain the material. Libraries are very important sources for studying in the lives of many people. If people didn't have a library, they @ MONTH1 wouldn't be able to search for an article or whatever else they needed to complete. I think if people don't like the material they see in their local library, then they just shouldn't watch it or borrow the material from the library. I think, however, that small children shouldn't have the slightest chance of stumbling upon a book with disturbing material. There, in my opinion, there must be a room with said material to which children have no access. That way, kids can't access the material, but they can still walk into the library without their parents feeling like kids @ MONTH1 are seeing something that isn't right for them. I think people who love to read should be able to go to a library and not be afraid to see a book with material that they think is inappropriate. I also think that if I need to research something that is considered by others to be offensive, I should be able to research my topic. Moreover, if I were the author of a book that was said to be " bad ", I would not want my book taken away from me, so that no one could read it, study it and learn from it. lessons. I don't think censorship is something people should take lightly. We all have freedom of expression, so why not let the authors of the documents have that same freedom. There are precautions parents and people who do not want to view this literature can take. Total censorship, I think, would not allow people to broaden their minds. If people are just taking precautions, there is no need for total censorship of material, which someone has worked really hard on for everyone to see.
Libraries should not take a book off the shelves just because someone dislikes it or finds it offensive. If there is a group of people who are interested in a book and want to read it more, then they will like to tell someone new about it. Then if another student decides they don't like the book and they don't want someone else to read it because they find it offensive, then I honestly think they shouldn't. be removed from the shelves. I think it would be different if everyone found the book offensive, but if it's just one or two people complaining, then I don't think they should take it down and spoil it for everyone. It is only a book and students should know that just because it is there does not mean that it is intended for them. I think they should ignore it. If you play music, dance and have fun with it, that's good. Now, if there's swear words and talk about drugs and that sort of thing in a song, don't play it in a school system or around someone who @MOIS1 is religious or against that sort of thing because that they @ MOIS1 don't like it and think you're into that stuff. They might not want to be around you as much. Show them respect and play something that everyone can have fun with. So if the library has this type of music, you have to watch who is viewing it. Movies are something you should watch out for as well. Movies already have ratings, so this kind of help allows people to check them and make sure the movie is safe to watch. If you get movies from the library I think there would have been adult watched already to make sure it can be watched by a student or a child. I wouldn't want my little siblings to watch something they don't need to see or hear. You also have to pay attention to magazines. You want a magazine that is going to be interesting and clean. Kids @ MONTH1 don't know what's bad and good, but you still have teenagers. You don't want kids to see nudity, swearing, or drugs in a magazine. If I were to walk into a library and see this stuff in a magazine, I would suggest removing it from the shelves. I would only suggest that children have healthy thoughts on things. I wouldn't want them to think of doing something wrong like they saw in the magazine. I just make sure they are safe. @ MONTH1 libraries are always in need of advice. They should always keep an eye on things and make sure that everything is clean and that everyone can look at it, read it or watch it. I'm glad we have these child safety ideas. Hope everyone has an eye for this stuff. I know if I ever were to have kids I would want them around something that they understand and know, nothing bad and harmful. So thanks to the libraries who have an eye on things like this
People @ CAPS1 Offensive by Libraries I think libraries are offensive sometimes, but not all the time. It all depends on different people and beilfs Thier culture. I can see where some things in the library are very offensive and some are not offensive. I believe parents are more offended by things in the library, because they don't want their kids to experience those things that are not the child's age. The movies that are in the @ MONTH1 library are offensive because if a parent rents a movie for their child and comes home and puts the @ CAPS2 on. Then finds out that the movie They Weren't a Children's Movie ended up being an adult movie. Parents who don't want their kids to watch intimate things shouldn't be age-appropriate. One way to solve this problem is to keep an eye on their child and make sure they don't go anywhere other than the kids' area. . It would solve so many problems if parents actually followed this it might work. Some parents raise their child as they wish. In addition, the parent (s) teach their children that they do not need to go into any other area unless their parents tell them otherwise. I sometimes get offensive when I go to the library, because these are people who think it's funny looking at things just for fun, not for any purpose. They make a big deal out of it and I don't like when people do that, because it makes you think of the library as not being a place you want to be. If I was someone who was offended by something that was on the library shelf, I would let it go by without paying attention. But some people would tell the people who run the library that this certain thing on their shelf is very offensive to me and bothers me. If I had a problem with the library for some reason I would complain. Because complaining will more than likely do something about it. Instead of saying nothing, it will not be done or change so that it is not offensive to others. I would let them know what I thought of a certain product in the library in a gentle and calm manner. When you complain about something, you might as well complain in a kind way, because if you do, the person you're complaining to will be kind in return. I know everyone is not the same and feels the same about everything. But one thing is for sure, is to just go on living and not let simple things about a library product offend or bother you. You can no longer access the library if it is a problem or ignore the image that offends you. There are so many ways to handle a situation like this, it's just the way you handle it. One way is to be respectful to people and @ MOIS1 people to be respectful in return. Your attitude has a lot to do with telling someone that something offends you. If you can't get anywhere this way, then just forget about it and move on
I don't think books, music, movies, magazines etc ... should be deleted because they are offensive. There are books, movies, and music that offend everyone if we took them all away, we wouldn't have anything. There is no reason for all of this. This is why I say that we do not remove offensive material. First, if we removed all the offensive materials from the shelves, they would be empty. As well as the library, the cinema and everything in between. If something like a book or a movie offends you, I feel bad for you anyway, but let go and don't care. Second, I don't think we should take the offending materials off the shelves because of what they mean to us. They show us good and bad, good and bad, that's what books are for. Books are important to this world as well as movies and magazines and the like. But for some more than for others. You can't get mad at a book or a movie, so learn from them. For example, suppose we have removed all the offensive material, what is that going to do ? Is that going to make the word a better place? I do not think so. I think we need things like that on earth to show us and teach us how to be. To educate and inform. In conclusion, I don't think the offensive materials should be removed. We would have nothing and the libraries, the cinemas and the books would be empty. We would also be quite ill-informed about life. So we should not remove the offending materials from the shelves
In the world, there are just things our children shouldn't be exposed to. I believe that media such as music, magazines and movies set the bar high for individuals in our society. I totally disagree with what the media is telling us about how our appearance and lifestyle should be. The library is a place where most children will feed their imaginations with colorful books with moral; but the library is also the place where adults go to free their minds from work and to escape many of life's responsibilities. Most children ages @ NUM1 to @ NUM2 attract a curious mind to the very adult world and seek answers. Now the library is not a place for a child to receive adult information, is it ? Wrong! the shelves of the library are open to all. A child can just as easily take the wrong path to assume his innocence. Some parents in society believe that their neighborhood is a perfect and safe environment for raising children. Parents don't know, it's a very uncensored world and anytime a child can learn about it. The media attract attention to captivate our children. We have to watch what we let our children watch, listen to and read. For example, the magazine girl who just had her nose done because her nose was too big fuels the idea of your eight-year-old daughter. She thinks she can have surgery to fix her big nose that the kids at school tease her about. Maybe your son listens to rap or rock that tolerates the use of violence, drugs and alcohol. He will think he is okay with fighting at school with other children or cursing the teacher. Or the movie with the sex scene might give your child the idea to go out and practice what has been taught. In our society, there shouldn't be an image that our children should try to maintain. We should teach our children that life is best explored through the "@ ORGANIZATION1" of @ PERSON1 or through the wonderful adventures of "The @ CAPS1 of @ ORGANIZATION2". Parents must feed the “imagination” of children and not their “image”. Our children's lives should be about fun, knowledge and life experience ; but not everything on the shelves of our local library.
Have you ever been to a library? Have you ever thought that certain library materials could and were found to be offensive and wanted them removed from the library ? I'm here to talk about the content of libraries and what we should do with them. Every time you walk into a library, you are surrounded by books and other learning or reading materials. Yes, this material is useful for finding things to pass the time or to help understand a certain topic, but some have been found to be offensive. Stories such as romance novels or vulgar horror and action stories have been considered inappropriate in certain ages. These novels contain everything from brutal horror to adult material or foul language. Parents argue that these books should be removed from libraries. I do not agree. I believe that such books and novels can be of great help to the imagination of others and to flow the mind. Yes, I agree that some novels are not age-appropriate for young children, but that doesn't mean they should be deleted. I think if people are so worried that their kids are reading these books, they should either go to the library with their kid or just give the kid a certain place that they are allowed to pick a book from. Another way to prevent this abuse from falling into the wrong hands is to separate the most aggressive and adulterated books in a certain place in the library and only allow age-appropriate people inside. . An age restriction of thirteen and over would be a responsible decision. A younger age might be inappropriate for them, but an older age might prevent them from learning and expanding their mind to its full potential. The purpose of this writing is to show that removing these books and novels from libraries will not help. if anything, it might hurt us by not allowing our minds to reach newer and higher limits in learning and understanding the complexity of these novels. separating these novels in an age-appropriate area or having a parental discussion will help keep the age correct for the books they get
Censorship in Libraries In our libraries there are many books that are very useful. There are also a lot of magazines, music and movies. Many films are adult films, but they have a children's section in many libraries. Most books, magazines, and movies are all accessible to small children. I went to the library when I was a kid and saw all the books there. When I went to the library when I was a kid, I went with my parents. We went there and mainly went to the kids section. I also remember going with my grandparents. I would read books or put together a puzzle or something like that. I can't remember a time when I went to the library and saw something offensive. I have never been to the library and seen anything that is offensive to me. I'm sure there is a book or movie somewhere in every library that is offensive, but giving you an example from personal experience is something I can't do. If libraries have books that are offensive, they do a good job of hiding them from me and other children. I have never heard of people finding these kinds of books in other books or magazines that I read. I tend not to read a lot of world books. I like to read sports biographies and kinds of books like that. Whenever I read magazines, they're usually about sports or cars, so I don't read a lot about the offensive things that are going on, if they are. If libraries have offensive books, but no children or people who shouldn't be reading them, then the library doesn't need to remove them from the shelves. Some adults @ MONTH1 come into the library looking for one of these books, so they can ask for it and find it. So in my opinion, I think libraries shouldn't have to take these books off the shelves.
We see them. We read them. We chat about them. Books found with inappropriate language, pages with the word "sex" on it, disturbing thoughts and ideas, swear words, it's all there, yet they're still in our libraries. My take on censorship is that, yes, our libraries should be smaller and not have books on the shelves with these things in them. The books in the library @ LOCATION1 who found it desecrated and ideas are a direct fault of our teenagers today. In my personal experience with this, I have come across books that contained inappropriate language. I also read books given to me at school that contained descriptions of sex and bad language as a third grader. When I was young I would go home to my parents and show them the contents of the book and how mean it was. I have always been raised in a @ CAPS1 home and seeing these things not only in schools but on library shelves, I think it is unnecessary. I know there are so many things that might offend people. Racism, sex, swear words, rules, religion, but you have to get rid of the basics. It is impossible to please everyone. These ideas in magazines, books, movies, and even music have rocked the world. Even when I was young we were taught not to swear aloud, and yet you see that all the time in the books. In @ LOCATION2, of course, we have the freedom to do whatever we want. Authors have the right to put profane language in their books, and even dirty ideas. However, libraries are not obligated to maintain this content in their libraries around the world. I believe we should keep the future of @ LOCATION2 in mind, that if we teach them this material, they will grow up in the world with no morals, and the world will become worse than it already is. is. In the quote from Katherine Paterson, I think she made a strong point. If we take the books off the shelves, then our students, children, grandchildren will not be taught properly, and then there will be no education at all. However, I think from that quote even it is fitting that we at @ LOCATION2 fear what our children are reading. So yet, why do we keep these books in our libraries? I believe that if we remove these certain books, magazines, movies, songs, and websites from computers, libraries, and schools, teenagers would not go the way they are. Today the world has become a disaster. The kids we saw @ NUM1 years ago were on the right track. Now these same kids are smoking weed, having sex, getting girls pregnant, having abortions, having miscarriages, things that are not appropriate. And I really believe that this content that students read in schools and libraries at @ LOCATION2 has something to do with all of this. It is now in the hands of @ LOCATION3, that our children become the future of @ LOCATION2 or the joke of @ LOCATION2. We need this corrected
Offensive literature, sexual content, obnoxious topics. Books have all of these things for someone somewhere. It would be impossible to get rid of all the books that have offended everyone and still have books. There are many reasons why censorship is unnecessary and wrong. Censorship arouses only curiosity. Censorship of books could interfere with learning. The real world isn't censored, so books shouldn't be either. The consort arouses only curiosity. Young children are told every day what to do and what not to do. Many people know that children are more likely to want to do the exact opposite of what they are told to do. Being censored makes people want to rebel and learn the truth. No one likes to be told what they can and cannot do. The same goes for being told what you can and cannot read. No one wants the truth to be cut off from their reading materials. Censorship of books could interfere with learning. At school, children are required to read many different books in their English lessons. Some books, according to the teacher, have what some would consider offensive language and subjects. What some people don't understand is that reading these things is a part of life. Reading bad language wouldn't be more offensive than if someone used the same bad language in front of you in real life. In fact, the actual situation would appear to be more offensive. If we are censored of these things, how will we learn that they exist. The real world isn't censored, so books shouldn't be either. You can't walk down the street and expect a random beep to sound over someone's bad jokes every time they cursed. When someone says something offensive in the real world, you need to learn to deal with it appropriately and mature. We can't eliminate offensive jokes from people in real life, so why should we do it in our reading material. Has anyone ever heard of freedom of speech? This amendment was created for a reason, to let @ CAPS1 express their beliefs. Everywhere we look today things are censored and 'cleaned up' to make others happy who @ MOIS1 are offended by anything they censor. Sometimes it is appropriate to write about offensive language or subjects. People need to be able to express their thoughts and beliefs. But people also need to be able to have constructive criticism and be mature when it comes to offensive writing. Everyone will be offended in one way or another at some point in their life by something they have read or have already read. It's just life
Books are important in the lives of human beings, whether they are for study, entertainment, or any other use. On the other hand, some books are offensive to readers. If some books are offensive, should you stay away from that type of book or get rid of it altogether. That being said, are there any documents that need to be taken off the shelves if they are offensive ? Some reasons against this are that you are taught to stay away from bad things, some people have different views on the “ bad ”, and even though they are offensive, they don't need to be. deleted. Some documents are offensive to some people but not to others. This is the case in anything eg movies, books and everyday life. Some people @ MONTH1 think the type of words used in a book make it bad, but for others, this is what makes the book. For example, to show all hatred towards a character, you should use offensive words. Another example is to describe how badly a person was killed, it is not enough to say that they were stabbed and beaten, you have to describe how brutal it was to please some readers. Another reason why books shouldn't be taken down is that people learn when to say something is offensive. If a reader finds out that a book is offensive, they should know to stop reading, not finish the book, and then complain about the offensive content. Also, if a person rents a movie, they know they are not allowed to get a movie rated @ CAPS1, then they should get another movie. People should know not to read a book about offensive things without stopping and then complaining. If a person was concerned about a certain material, they could ask people or go online to see if it was offensive or not. Even if some material is offensive, it should not be removed. This is just someone's opinion. If anyone needed the book, they couldn't get it because it was taken. If material was taken out because someone said it was offensive, there would never be any more books. For the reason that anyone can be offended then they could just say it was worse than it actually was because they are crazy. For these reasons, the materials should not be removed. And if everyone started saying things were offensive, there wouldn't be any more books. People shouldn't have a say in taking the pounds off. Otherwise, people would just complain out of spite about some people's material. So do you think there are some materials that should be taken off the shelves if they are found to be offensive.
Each parent has their own opinion on topics like this; but even if you were to censor books, movies, music, etc., your kid would still be allowed to find that book or movie on the internet without censorship. Yes, parents think having censored stuff will be better for their kids, but kids have a lot more technology and a lot more access to uncensored music. As the days go by, children's minds become more and more aware of what the world has to offer. The more parents take their children away from the things in life, the more likely they are that their child will sneak up or just not be the person you thought they would be. Each person is their own person; Personally, I would say leave books, music, movies, etc. on library shelves; kids will find out anyway, it's from friends or the media. This is not to say that your child will become corrupted if he listens to such music, but I think at a certain age parents should discuss with their children what is going on in the world because children will not be. children for a long time and you will not be able to control them forever. Everyone was a kid at one point in time and I'm pretty such that most parents don't really like it when their parents take them away from the things they wanted to do or maybe they wanted to see, but life far is not fair and these are fair on people's opinions. Either way, if you decide to remove all the music and censor it, or if you do the same for all the books and movies, etc., there will always be disgruntled adults and parents. No matter what happens, there's a good chance the kids will find their way around these things, it never fails. There will always be a way for your child to get around you, there will always be a way for your children to break your period ; Think about it, if they disobey you once, they probably will again. It's in the nature of a child. So like I said before every parent and every person has their own opinion on topics like these, me personally I'm just saying just leave it and let the parents of these kids handle it however they want. because you can't please everyone.
Should books, music, and movies be removed from shelves if they are found to be offensive ? Books, music, and movies have a certain view for the reader or viewer at their fingertips. If someone has a different point of view on the text, they shouldn't even read or see it, but it is not reasonable to remove books that are excellent from the shelves because they represent different points of view than those. of another. People should give these things a chance because sometimes unoriginal things just don't work. Having films in group audiences because they are offensive is something that is just a way of controlling what we see and what we are here. Books, music, and movies shouldn't be taken off the shelves because they teach us a lesson in life without really happening to anyone. Books are a way for people to express themselves without going out and hurting someone or something. Poetry, for example, gives the reader an idea of how the writer felt when it was produced. Books that have political or social views on something should not be discriminated against because someone doesn't like the side they chose or the way the author presents it to the people. In novels, just because someone uses profanity doesn't mean the message is less clear. Their message @ MONTH1 either that profanity is used to offend or the next generation below them is my turn for the worse but not used to harm. Music is a way that people can express their emotions without going after the people who hurt them or the people they themselves hurt. When someone uses profanity in a song, it is not specifically said to a person; it is used to say how badly they feel about what happened to them and that they need something to really show how they feel. A lot of people who hear these lyrics sang to them @ MONTH1 believe the person is telling them that's what they really feel when it's just a verse. Music should not be removed as these are just words and they should not hurt anyone, especially when it is just a way to express yourself. In the movies you see someone being shot, murdered loudly, or attacked and it's already a horrible thing because someone died or because someone didn't have a righteous life. This violence shown on the screens of homes, cinemas and schools is shown to teach people about the real dangers; they are not shown to be teaching people other ways to seriously hurt another person although that is how people persevere with them. Films are about taking an idea and showing the world your idea ; show the world that this is what you think and that is what you feel about something. Having all of this taken away shows that the generations before us are afraid of what we can do when we are a whole or what we can be if we are left alone and say that we don't like something. Books, music, and movies that are all based on something real shouldn't be lumped together just because they show individuality ; just because they have the decency to show us the truth in all the lies that are told to us except to a superior person. These people most likely believe that there is a perfect life when there is none, so when people show how things are they are afraid that their ideas of a perfect thing will be ruined by those who know the way. truth. Censorship of the only things that are really vile should be censored, not the things that have nothing to do with the way communities are today.
I don't believe that some materials like books, music, magazines, etc. should be removed from the shelves. Libraries or any other place. I think if anyone wanted to know more about something, the library or @ CAPS2 should be able to provide it to them. Imagine if the libraries and @ CAPS1 started to organize these documents, a lot of people wouldn't bother to go either. The @ CAPS2 to me is a place that shows me where we've been, what we've been thrown out, and the things we accomplished while we were there. , 'No, I couldn't. Even though things @ MOIS1 may seem offensive to some, it could be the story of others. Nowadays, many people rely on the use of magazines, books and music for information. I believe everyone has a right to know what has happened in their past to arrive at their future, so removing information that @ MOIS1 seems offensive to someone else is not fair. I think we should keep all information in libraries, @ CAPS1, art exhibitions because everything has its story behind it, and if we hide it we will never know. Myself, 'would like to know, than never to have known.'
I believe that some documents such as books, movies, magazines, etc. should be removed from public libraries. What if a young child stumbles upon an inappropriate magazine? The images would stick to his head and could lead to illegal decisions. There are many books and movies that are not suitable for most young children. I think they should either be placed more appropriately or removed altogether. Some people will find some documents to be more offensive than others, but if you read them, the person might get angry or start having bad thoughts. Personally, I think most fiction books are just entertainment. For the most part, they do not display actual events or thoughts. If someone sees them as offensive, they may take it the wrong way. Most libraries have areas reserved for adults, but they are not supervised. So how would one know if a child was in this restricted area where they should not see this material ? They wouldn't have a clue. I think in today's society most kids are already familiar with sexual graphics and so on, so why limit them to what they already know ? There are a lot of TV shows and movies in the world that are much more graphic than books and magazines. Shouldn't they also be banned? The world is exposed to offensive material on a daily basis. We get used to it all and don't take it the wrong way. But young children don't know any better, so there's no guarantee they won't take inappropriate viewing ideas and use them. So maybe things need to be taken off the shelves.
Offensive @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 entering a @ CAPS1 you know you are going to find something interesting to read, listen to or even watch. Most people use libraries to find information on a certain topic, some of these topics are not always appropriate for certain age groups. I believe that documents on any subject should reflect the way people see the world today. Most kids go to @ CAPS1 and look for books that interest them, sometimes they come across books on things they shouldn't know yet. Libraries should be allowed to have whatever they want on their shelves, but allow certain age groups. @ CAPS3 you were a little kid and you wanted to research information on racing, you may have read many books on racism. As a little kid you might not know what it is, but all you have to do is pick up and read. This kid went from reading nascar to reading racism and different races. I believe this book should be kept in order of age. @ CAPS3 a teenager goes into @ CAPS1 to look for a book, he should be able to go to a teen section and get a book on that topic. In most librarians there are topics such as sex, murder, and violent issues. Children should not be allowed to see this detail until they are ready for it. If I am at @ CAPS1 I will always look for a book that interests me. My skills in choosing books for myself have changed since becoming @ NUM1 or @ NUM2. Now that I've grown up and enjoy reading, I'm reading more action and mystery books. I was in our hometown @ CAPS1 and saw a @ NUM3 year old child looking at pregnancy books and I was shocked to see what he was reading after putting the book down. That same day, I ran into a young boy walking up to his father with a book on sex and one on murder. @ CAPS3 I saw this, I was surprised to see what was happening. I believe libraries should be able to present what they have, but in certain age groups. The children visit the @ CAPS1 all the time and looking for books to interest and always find something different that they should not be exposed too. Librarians would find it difficult to contain what children were reading, so they would have to expose all the different topics. @ CAPS3 your little one and your reading on these subjects, you will then be more informed @ CAPS3 your just a little older. The next time @ CAPS3, you visit the @ CAPS1 control and see what the kids in your area are talking about and reading. You will be surprised @ CAPS3 that a child approaches his parents with a book on sex. I think all bookstores should exhibit whatever they want @ CAPS3 they want everyone to know.
I don't think anything should come off the library shelves, if it's educational for your kid in some way it should stay. Children can learn a lot from books in libraries. If you need help or answers on certain things you can always find what you are looking for in a library, they have all the answers. You can't get everything on the internet, some things you have to look for when opening a book. Growing up, I was able to do what I needed for my school at the library. There are so many things in libraries that are educational, you just need to know what you are looking for. For some of these adults, if you have a hard time looking for what you need in the library, your child is not the same. Sometimes your kids understand better than you do at their age. Parents, please don't take the good stuff out of libraries that could really help your child sometimes. If it hadn't been helpful, they never would have put it in the library from the get-go. There are things you better find in a book, because not everything is on the internet. So many scientists have found their information in a book, because it's easier. You learn so many good things in libraries. Books and things in a library help you with so much research. When I took documents out of a library, I wouldn't agree.
Some materials, such as books, music, movies, or magazines, do not need to be removed from library shelves if they are found to be offensive. There are several reasons to support this claim, including a specific quote from author Katherine Paterson. People build their character through their reactions to the way people treat them. For example, in life someone @ MONTH1 offends another person, but that doesn't mean the offender is going to go away after doing so. How does this relate to libraries, you might ask ? Books and movies don't need to be taken from library shelves if they are found to be offensive, because there is a lot in the real world that is offensive. It's your choice in what you want to read, listen to or watch. Just because you @ MONTH1 have the opportunity to verify something that you don't think is appropriate or offensive, doesn't mean you should verify it. Some people @ MONTH1 like to read or watch shocking things. You @ MONTH1 would like to argue, "But I don't want my kids exposed to such offensive content." That is why most public libraries are divided into sections for children and adults. If you happen to come across an offensive book in the children's section, don't let your child check it out. It's that simple. Trying to remove the book from the shelf or complaining about it would only take longer. The quote: “ We can all think of a book that we hope our children or any other child will have removed from the shelves. But if I have the right to take this book off the shelf - this job that I hate - then you have the exact same right and everyone else too. And then we don't have any more books on the shelves for any of us, ”by Katherine Paterson, is a perfect example to conclude on why books should not be taken off the shelves. She says if one person is allowed to take a book away, then anyone else will be able to have that ability as well. Therefore, a book that @ MONTH1 does not offend you at all could be taken off the shelf because someone else does not approve of it. Finally, there would be no more books. In conclusion, if there are any books, music, movies, or magazines that offend you, just don't check them out. You don't need to get rid of them because someone else @ MONTH1 wants to check them out
No, I don't think books and other materials should be taken off the shelves of a library if someone thinks it's offensive. Everyone has a different opinion on the books they like to read. I think if you don't like the book and think it's offensive you shouldn't get the book and leave it there because someone else might like this book and want to read it. Not everyone likes the same books, but every book in a library is there for a reason. The library looks at every book they come in and wouldn't buy something if no one asked for it or if it wasn't a good book to have. I think everyone has the right to read what they love to read and no one should have the right to take books off the shelves of a library because what if someone looks for this? book and that the library is the only place that has it. So where would people spend their time reading and enjoying the books that interest them ? If everyone could just remove a book from a shelf when they thought it was offensive, there would be no more books on the shelves and no one would have any books to read. I also think if you don't like the selection of books on the shelf that you shouldn't be looking at in this section, go to another part of the library and look at the types of books you like to read. There is something for everyone in a library. That's why I think it's not a good idea to be able to take books off the shelves, no one would have books they like to read if everyone did when they saw something "offensive". .
I think there are some books that really need to be put on library shelves and just put in bookstores for their own use. Then there are other books that people just need to be more mature on, like history books about wars, slavery, and books with swear words. School libraries such as elementary and secondary schools should have books according to their age groups. If the librarian knows the book isn't something a young child should read, they shouldn't let them read it. Music, magazines and movies should also be age appropriate for the age groups. Kids don't need to hear swear words every five seconds in a song. Films should also be age appropriate. This is why libraries have sections for babies, toddlers, tweens, teens, and adults, so if you are really worried that your child or even just yourself will find a book that is offensive or doesn't is not good for the age group, so stay in your own section. Let's say you are a teenager and there is a book that is also not suitable for you that is aimed at older people, then you should be able to tell a librarian who is there and maybe she can. simply remove it from this section. Each person feels differently about what is offensive and what is not offensive, so libraries shouldn't have to take every book that offends one person because it's not fair to the rest of the people. In addition, no one makes you read this book
hey what book is it that lets me see it because i dont think i want you to read it as it is graphic for a @ NUM1 year old boy. This is what some parents might tell their child if they don't want them to read a certain type of book or even a certain book. I think censorship is not needed in libraries because anyway kids will be exposed to something that parents don't want them to see sooner or later, I don't belive that someone has thr rite d 'remove anything from the shelves except the bookcase. They can go ahead and complain that they don't want it there. But if the library has it, the library should be able to keep it where people don't or don't want it. I think the only real people who can take a book off the shelves are the managers or the manager if they agree with the boss. Beyond these certain people, I don't think an ordinary person can remove anything from the shelves. At the library I go to, they have any type of book, music, movie, and magazine you want. Whether it's an adult content book or an r-rated movie, they have anything and they get new stuff every week. So if a person doesn't want a certain thing on the shelves, they shouldn't be able to take it off the shelves on their own because if another person wants to see the movie but they can't because a relative took it from the shelf because they didn't want their child exposed to it. Once in my library I saw a verbal argument between a client and the library manager, the client did not want the book in the section they were in because they thought it was too provocative for one. children's book. The manager refused to take it off the shelf because the library can have all the books it wants on its shelves. Another time, I saw a person break a DVD because they thought that children of their children's age should not be allowed to see these kinds of movies. But breaking the film is just putting other people who want to see it because they can't because it's broken. To sum it all up, I don't think citizens should not be allowed to remove anything from the shelves, only library managers should be able to remove anything if they wish.
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, I totally agree that certain documents be removed from the shelves if they are found to be offensive. There are young children who will pick up a book, movie and / or @ CAPS3 case, or even a magazine and read whatever the cover says. We @ CAPS5 don't need young children to read everything they know what to say. @ CAPS7 is bad enough to hear @ CAPS7 from family members or @ CAPS2 near them. The seller can also create an edited version of the book, movie, @ CAPS3, or magazine. The sayings, “You @ CAPS5 don't like @ CAPS7, @ CAPS5 doesn't watch.”, “@ CAPS5 isn't anything nice to say, @ CAPS5 doesn't say anything at all.”, And “If you meant "I don't want to hear @ CAPS7, that @ CAPS5 doesn't say @ CAPS7." applies strongly to that. The way this world looks, @ CAPS7 seems like @ CAPS5 doesn't really care who sees their product, as long as @ CAPS2 buys their product. Nowadays @ CAPS7 seems like the younger the child, the smarter @ CAPS7 will be. If a four year old picked up a case @ PERSON1 @ CAPS3, saw a pretty much naked adult adult on the case doesn't put a good idea in his head. This kid will grow up thinking, " @ CAPS7 is okay with being naked. @ PERSON1 did @ CAPS7. Why can't I don't? '. Kids learn more from family and friends, before they start learning the truth in school. @ CAPS7 it's like you wouldn't want to take your kid to @ CAPS8 @ CAPS9, a half-naked woman naked walking around freely. Not something a little five year old needs to see. Just like a five year old does not need to hear swear words or use the name @ CAPS10 in turn. The fact that young children see, hear, say, think or read things like this puts thoughts in their head, making them think that @ CAPS7 is okay with saying what you want or dressing as they want. , when they think @ CAPS7 is perfectly natural. Although this @ MONTH1 seems like a huge wake-up call for some parents, but @ CAPS7 is not normal. @ CAPS7 is no more normal than telling your kids they were wrong. Things like this should not be said to / near children. Every parent wants the best for their child, they @ CAPS5 don't want their kids to grow up in a world full of harm and they don't want their kids to hurt. By letting companies sell their product with @ CAPS2 half-naked on the cover of a magazine or a @ CAPS3 case, or by selling books that talk about someone's murder, body cover-up and @ CAPS12's prayer that they @ CAPS5 don't get caught, or playing shocking music in stores with younger kids, make them believe they can sell whatever they want, promote their music where they want to save businesses. I'm not a mom, and neither am I soon, but I find @ CAPS7 very offensive that businesses and stores are doing this. I wouldn't want my child looking at a magazine instead of asking me about the almost naked @ CAPS2, or asking me what a word means when @ CAPS7 is a swear word. I would definitely not buy a book that just seems strange or offensive to my child. Also, I strongly believe in '@ CAPS13 of @ CAPS14', so companies in a way have the right to sell their product like @ CAPS7. Just, if they really wanted to sell their product that much, so badly, that they should be selling @ CAPS7 online. @ CAPS7 @ MONTH1 costs more, but at least everyone would know their kids wouldn't see @ CAPS7. Although, once you own @ CAPS7, @ CAPS7 is the buyers fault if their child has seen @ CAPS7. It would be on the parents' plate. Another thing with kids is that their brains are still developing at this young age, their imaginations are beyond the fairy tale world, @ CAPS7 is kind of like their second home, only @ CAPS7 is there. inside their brain. Their brains continue to develop and learn new things every day. Once they go to the store with their parent (s), they are already jumping up and down walls for a new toy or a new pair of shoes, or just because they want to run up and down alies, @ CAPS7 is bad enough to make them see something inappropriate. I know I wouldn't let my kids see things like this and I'm pretty much @ PERCENT1 sure you wouldn't want your kids to see these things. So, for the sake of the kids, think about them, their minds, their developing brains, and their wacky imaginations. Treat children like you were treated when you grew up. Thank you, @ PERSON2
I myself think all books should be on the shelves because I find some books offensive in their content. I also find it very annoying when people have books and you try to talk to them @ CAPS2 all they do is ignore you @ CAPS2 keep reading I find that disrespectful. Myself, although I don't like to read, I find it boring @ CAPS2 sometimes tiring unless it's actually a good book. I could also say that some movies should be taken off the shelves because they are so stupid that @ CAPS2 has no interest like Harry Potter, Twilight and most of the other books that have mythical creatures in them. Music, on the other hand, should be removed from @ CAPS5 as it's much easier to identify with and understand that @ MONTH1 is cheating on me, but that's my personal opinion of the whole ordeal. Some music in lyrics can show who you are and what you stand for in life, music shows @ CAPS2 character easy to follow, then movies or boring old book. I listen to music all the time, you hardly ever see me with a book in my hands. I really don't like @ CAPS10 horror movies, even though I watch some @ CAPS2 I don't like @ CAPS10 those that contain weird creatures just not what I'm looking for in a movie . I can list a few books, @ CAPS2 music movies that I like, for two instant books that I like, blood is thicker @ CAPS2 until we @ CAPS4 again by @ PERSON3. The movies I love are the five movies @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3, @ ORGANIZATION2, @ CAPS4 The @ PERSON4 and my all-time favorite @ CAPS5 @ CAPS6 @ CAPS7 And the new karoti kid. The music I listen to consists of @ CAPS8- @ CAPS9, @ ORGANIZATION4, @ PERSON2, @ PERSON5, @ LOCATION3, @ CAPS10- @ CAPS11, @ CAPS12 @ CAPS13, @ ORGANIZATION5, @ LOCATION1, @ ORGANIZATION1, @ LOCATION2, @ ORGANIZATION3, @ CAPS14 @ CAPS15 @ CAPS2 @ PERSON1 these are all great singer-songwriters and do a great job at what they do @ CAPS2 makes millions out of it I mean people love music more than all. there are film music albums sold around the world, there is a combination of books and movies, which I think really proves an important point when I say music is better. The services have been taken, the music wins every time. So that concludes my opinion on this topic and I hope I expressed it well enough to prove my point to people around the world who say @ CAPS2 books are better because they are not.
Sometimes I think it's always good to have the right material on the shelves in stores or in a library. I feel this because when you see offensive things most people are ready to buy. Or maybe when you've been going through tough times in your life, people like to read books that can be offensive because it reflects the way they were brought up. My take on censorship is to keep offensive material because that's what people love the most. Music, magazines, books and movies. All of these materials can entertain adults and teens due to inappropriate sayings. It seems to empower people to reinforce their style and behavior, like music as the number one offensive material. Music comes from all over the world, where young teens are adjusting to this kind of music and starting to feel that appropriate vibe. Another reason my take on censorship contains to keep offensive material is because of what we see and watch. Cinema and television. when we watch a movie that is offensive and that can be very inappropriate, you learn from what is in the movie. Most people make movies that can teach lessons if you're willing to follow along, or some movies have advice for people who do the wrong things in life. This is one of my main reasons, I think the newspaper should keep offensive films in the stores. Television is basically the same for movies. You can learn a lot from an offensive show @ CAPS1, you can learn what to do and what not to do. Also my views on censorship contain to keep offensive material from what we read, books; books are entertainment and what most of us like to do when we have free time. People seem to read books because of the categories most likely to match them, such as Reflections of People's Lives, Raw, Lovely, Funny, and Dramatic. We get to see these offensive books being read because of what some of us went through as our childhoods or would just love to read them because maybe they want to feel the same sympathy as someone else @ MONTH1 had. Plus, books can give advice on what people want to do for a living, careers that interest you @ MONTH1. Finally, my take on censorship contains to keep offensive material like magazines. Magazines are the least offensive item that is placed on a shelf. I go against the reason magazines are on the shelves because it's a lot of gossip. I believe gossip is one of the main reasons most people buy magazines. Also because of false information. The false information it gives is what we want to buy. But for most of my opinion, I think this material shouldn't be in the store unless they modify it. I believe music, movies, books, and some other shocking items should be on store shelves because a lot of people are ready to buy. They're all eyes for gossip, adds provocation
@ PERSON1, an author, once said ; “Anyone can think of a book that we hope none of our children or other children have taken off the shelves. But if I have the right to take this book off the shelf, then you also have the exact same right and everyone else too. And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us. In other words, she @ CAPS2 proving the fact that books shouldn't be censored in any way, which I am affirming. For starters, @ CAPS2 censorship is all about banning certain things that are considered offensive. An example of this would be the company in the book '@ CAPS1 @ NUM1' by @ PERSON2. In this book, @ PERSON3, the main character and possibly the protagonist, @ CAPS2 a firefighter who starts fires instead of putting them out. The government thinks books are dangerous because they make people educate themselves. Therefore, they order people to burn them down, making society ignorant and a potential " slave " to their government. Although he lost his job and was almost killed by the government, @ PERSON3 understands that books have real meaning and that what the @ CAPS2 government is doing @ CAPS2 is wrong. This topic now asks a question : " @ CAPS2 is all censorship bad ?" " Of course not. Some censorship should in fact be allowed. For example, any form of media, be it books or @ CAPS2 magazines that convey hatred towards a certain religion or group, should be censored by the government because, according to our constitution, people have the right to believe and practice whatever they want (also known as 'freedom of speech'). However, the majority of the censorship is not on the safe side. In today's political world, @ CAPS2 censorship applied to people who denounce their government or leader because they had been dishonest or ruthless to the people. Even in our country today, the government enforces what in some cases violates the constitution because people have freedom of speech, but only to a certain extent. Overall, the negative results of censorship outweigh the positive results. Censorship leaves people uneducated which, on the other hand, makes it illegal for a person to report something even if it's @ CAPS2 wrong. On the other hand, the censorship of things that carry @ CAPS2 hate isn't bad either. In conclusion, however, bad censorship leaves people uneducated, which in the end results in sheer ignorance.
I find it interesting that people think it's a problem to go to the book yourself and say this and it shouldn't be out loud here. I also think if you don't like the book then don't watch it. Or read it. I mean I kind of understand magazines because sometimes it can be pretty bad. I mean at the same time it's nobody's job to say what's right and what's wrong. The music that I am @ PERCENT1 is being removed from the libraries. some of the music that people love today is just not good, neither for children nor for adults. People want to know why there is so much murder and hate in the world today. The movies in the libraries are pretty good, they don't let them get bad, I can't complain too much about that. All around the libraries do a good job with the way they manage it. Just a few things that I would change but really what I think doesn't matter. I'm just a @ NUM1 year old kid i mean i can give my opinion on this but thats about it. I love libraries, nothing will ever stop me from going there. If I don't like something thin I don't read or watch it and that's how everyone should be
" Should libraries censor reading material for students at school." It's a yes and no question because reading is good for people of all ages, it's just the right topic for certain age groups. Yes, I think they should censor reading material, but to some extent they have to have books for children of certain age groups. like having sections for young children, then teenagers, then adults. if the child wants to read more graphic material, he must have his parents' permission. the reason I'm saying this is that there are things that are published by authors that need to be read by certain people.
Regardless of whether we are talking about the demanding religious books such as the @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 series to snatch from our shelves or @ CAPS3 wanting to burn the @ LOCATION1, books can still cause controversy. In this country we are given the right to freedom of speech and of the press, so why can anyone demand that a book be banned? Everyone in our world has different thoughts, beliefs, moral values, and values, so why should we try to impose our own opinions on others ? We should not. Imposing our views on others can be done just as easily by putting a controversial book on the shelves as by removing it. Music, movies and magazines are no different, all express the ideas and beliefs of their respective writers, and all are worth reading by anyone who wants them. Books, there are lists of hundreds of banned books and honestly you can find a dozen reasons to ban any book ever written. If you ban a writer's words because he speaks passionately or discreetly about a controversial topic, then you should ban all of them, and if you should ban the words then you should also ban the writer so that he does not. cannot express his opinion. . If we did this our country and our world would be voiceless, voiceless, and voiceless, there is no direction and no way forward. If people in our world are denied the right to write a book about their opinion, then what kind of world do we live in? If you can ban my words then I can ban yours and we've both lost our voice and our chance to light up the future in one way or another. Imagine the impact if @ CAPS4 had locked every copy of @ CAPS5 because it caused change and controversy. Imagine a world where we have never heard of @ CAPS6 or @ CAPS7. It would be a very different thing from ours. A world without powerful voices influencing not only our daily actions, but hundreds of years of war, love and hate. It would be a directionless one, where people are left to question themselves but never to express themselves or discuss. It would be a horrible place. While children shouldn't exactly watch porn or read '@ ORGANIZATION1', they certainly shouldn't be restricted from reading, listening or watching whatever they want. Values and morals must be acquired by reading, discovering and thinking, and not by our government or our parents. Rap music @ MONTH1 has lyrics that some would consider rude, but to another it @ MONTH1 sends a message. To a creationist @ PERSON1's view @ MONTH1 sounds silly and offensive, but to an atheist, @ MONTH1 makes sense. We should all have access to all opinions so that we can develop our own. We shouldn't have other people's values and ideas in our heads, we should be able to develop our own by exploring those of others. Censorship is bad, our government has nothing to do with what we choose to explore, and no one should be limited by the opinions of another.
I believe everyone has their own choice when it comes to picking up a book from a shelf. You need to know what you are picking up. If you think it might offend you, put it back on the shelf. It's that simple. Removing offensive items from library shelves just because a few people are upset ruins everyone's opportunity to find what they were looking for. Censorship in libraries is simply unnecessary. Everyone must be able to take charge of themselves. Read the title before picking up the book. This might give you a good clue as to whether it might offend you or not. On the other hand, children should be neglected by an adult just to make sure they won't pick up anything that shouldn't be considered a child. Taking offensive items from shelves ruins the right books for everyone. Not everyone is offended by the same material. For some it's @ MONTH1 pictures. For others, it may be just words. But this offensive material occurs in everyday life around the world. It simply cannot be avoided. So why take it out of the libraries. If it's really offensive, put a warning sticker on the book. He will warn people that the @ MONTH1 book contains material which @ MONTH1 offends the reader of the book. This will benefit both sides of this argument. People will be less offended because they won't take a book unexpectedly and won't be offended. But people who @ MONTH1 like to read offensive books can still read them. Everyone has their own choice when it comes to picking up a book. You should have an idea of what you are picking up. Just because you made a mistake and read an offensive article why take it away from others that @ MONTH1 likes to read. Everyone is exposed to offensive material in their everyday life. So why have censorship in libraries. It doesn't accomplish anything.
I think we should censor the things our kids read and watch in libraries. They are young eyes and they are too young to look at this stuff. They would be taught the wrong thing at a very young age. They would grow up the wrong way. We need to take a stand on what children are watching. For the future, we need censorship. Please everyone take a stand
Do I think we should have to take the books off the shelves? No, we shouldn't have to take some things off library shelves. Think about it from your own perspective. For example, let's say you like horror books. If someone else doesn't like horror and you love it, and they take it off the shelves, how crazy would you be. I love @ CAPS1 magazines. Magazines like @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 or @ ORGANIZATION1. If there is a bad image or anything in it, they remove it. My point is, if you don't like what you see, put the book, magazine, or whatever. Don't just sit there complaining, because how would you feel if the same happened to you? I have had personal experience with this kind of problem. In my school we had magazines like @ ORGANIZATION1. Just non-hurtful things. It only took one person to complain, and boom! They were gone. @ CAPS1 fanatics like me don't like to see our favorite things go away. So really, what's the problem? The problem is, people can't handle what they see. This is understandable up to a point. Like you are a very religious person then yeah I understand you can't look at these things. But when you do it just to upset someone, then it's very hurtful. Finally, I just want to say if you have a problem, keep it to yourself. Just because you don't like something doesn't mean someone else won't like it. You wouldn't want this to happen to you
First comes censorship with its totalitarian prowess, then comes the downfall of humanity. We have all seen the horrors of totalitarianism over time. From the @ CAPS1 regime of @ LOCATION1 to the ban of @ CAPS2 in the @ CAPS3 empire. It is always a terror which falls violently. Farenheit @ NUM1 was written by @ PERSON1 in the mid-twentieth century, foreshadowing a wicked future if censorship is brought to mankind. The human population will no longer have real knowledge, only what they have been told. In this book, people are prohibited from having any type of book. Their story is completely falsified by the government into psychological madness. As if the propaganda didn't twist people's minds enough, book censorship would be the end. Man must know his foundation and where he comes from. It only takes a small book to pull off the shelf. Eventually, they'll all start to descend until they're gone. The government will erase history as it is and create one that will make everyone believe the government is fair. When the smart one is the government itself. All of this raises one of the biggest questions in the world. What should be kept out of sight for everyone to see ? We all believe it is okay to keep pornographic material and adult language out of the reach of children. What made these things intolerable in the first place? We've been taught all of our lives that these things are, but when the real censorship kicks in, the apocalypse of all knowledge does the same. People believe everything they are told as long as enough people say it. I, without any hesitation, oppose censorship in any way. People have the right to know everything. Parents always have the option of keeping things that they consider unacceptable from their children as much as they want to do. Let man choose what is intolerable to him. Censorship goes against everything the Western democracies stand for. All freedoms are taken away by this one word. Democracies feared communism because of its totalitarian government. The Communists censored everything inside @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5. History has shown us time and time again that totalitarianism is a failure. The people must be free and must be able to live their own life. Only then will they defend their country in order to preserve freedom. The two world wars brought about the fall of totalitarian regimes by the free and uncensored men of the democracies. A word is just a word. People will always have their own perspective on everything. The arguments on every little thing will always be at hand. We all need to understand that while we all have differences in our beliefs, we need to prevent censorship and accept everything. The day we don't, censorship will come, and no one will have the right to believe what they want. This is humanity's decision and it must be made at this time when the world is at its peak. What will become of the uncertain future?
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2, I think if a book is on a shelf, the book should be removed if it is found to be offensive. People in libraries are fighting over a book. They must have more than one copy of a book if they are fighting over a book. If the library does not have more than one copy of a book, it will create a lot of problems for everyone. People in the library are fighting over a unique book. I think whoever gets there first should have the book, but it's just me. If two people are arguing over a book, they should be kicked out of the library and never returned. And that's why we're fighting for a book. The next time you're in a library, think before you act. Ask yourself '@ CAPS3 they arrive before me?'. The library should have more than one copy of a book. Let's say the '@ ORGANIZATION1 @ ORGANIZATION1' book sets are in the library and they have one book from each book. Now the last move of '@ ORGANIZATION1' pulls out this @ DATE2 (@ DATE1) and folks what the last book to read. Children what, but there is a book. So what are you doing? Get more copies of the book. Therefore libraries should have more than one copy. If libraries don't have more than one copy of a book, it will create a lot of problems. If they have a copy of a book, the fighting will begin. You don't know what to fight in a library (look @ CAPS4 @ NUM1). Now, if that was me, I'd let someone have it. So libraries need more than one copy. In conclusion, I think if a book is on a shelf, the book should be removed if it is found to be offensive. There you're fighting for a book and you don't want that. Libraries need more than one copy of a book, so they won't fight over it. If libraries don't have copies of a book, it will create prolums. So think before you act. It can be found offensive at times. Sincerely, @ PERSON1
What do you consider to be an offensive book? Everyone has their own opinion of what they think is offensive. So how can you justify that a book, magazine, movie, music, etc. be removed from a shelf because of its contents. Of course, there are those that most people would agree with that are offensive to young children and even some adults, but again, other people don't find the same things offensive. Articles that contain graphic content, swear words, etc. and which offend most people should be put aside and placed in a different shelving area from the rest. So honestly, no one can say that a certain book (s), music, movie (s), magazine (s), etc. are not entitled to a place on a shelf and should or should not be removed. If parents don't want children or teens to look or see certain materials, this is something parents need to take charge of, not a library or elsewhere. Now, if it's an item in a parent's home and they don't want their kids to see it, there's every way they can get it off the shelf. Then again, if their child or teen finds this item and looks at it and the parents didn't want it, they shouldn't have bought it in the first place, they should have picked up the item. So, as a foreigner, can you justify that something is offensive or not that a parent shouldn't let their child watch it, or that a library or store shouldn't have this item on the? shelf ? No you can not. If you don't want your kids to see it or if you don't set standards and rules
Every book has a meaning or a message that everyone should know about. Removing a book from a library shelf can diminish the knowledge of someone who might need that information. Just because an @ MONTH1 book has certain views that may be offensive doesn't mean it shouldn't be allowed on a shelf. A book should not be discriminated against by what @ MONTH1 content has from a reader's source. Positive and negative books should all be allowed on the shelves for anyone with an interest. As for music and movies that could be placed in the same category, that may be reasonable. It really doesn't need to be placed in a library as it is a place known for peace, quiet, and relaxation. If music or movies become a danger, they shouldn't be welcome in the library. The positive side of music and movies has a way for some to take comfort in having a good book handy. It's understandable to have a little bit of tone in it with some knowledge in your eyes in a book. The magazine is another unnecessary item that is placed in the library. A magazine can contain a mixture of good and bad. Not all magazines have something that can be used to educate. Most of the magazines are known for their entertainment and updates on well known people all over the world. Magazines should be removed from the library. The library should be a learning environment experience and only materials that will be of good help instead of entertaining for the sake of it. Removing a book from a shelf is like diminishing knowledge that might have been known. As for deleting books, it should not be allowed no matter how or whatever the contents of the book @ MONTH1. When it comes to music, movies and magazines should be limited to use in the library.
“ @ CAPS1 should be removed from @ CAPS2 ” @ CAPS1 should be removed from shelves ? Nothing. At least it's @ CAPS1 I think. For the ant book, you can find something bad about it. People can't keep bad things away from kids, it just doesn't work @ CAPS4 that. Whether it's sex, sex, gore, racist teens will find them and I think it would be better if they were written in a book rather than in real life. Most books for young adults contain words. There is no getting around it. Teenagers hear name calling every day. At home, at school or even at work and yes it is offensive and no there is nothing you can do to stop it. It is there and is part of our life. Most adults think that if they don't protect teens, they'll find all of these bad things in music. Adults @ CAPS1 don't understand that teens do @ CAPS1 every time they want to be happy. The music today is very offensive, but the @ CAPS4 that !!!!! It's @ CAPS1 who is "hot" in the music business right now. Okay, let's say a kid came from a run down house and all he had was a radio, and that radio had only one station and the station was pop music, which the Most parents don't have @ CAPS4. This pop music would make the child happy. Would you really take that away from her just because it's offensive ??? Sex, a lot of great books have sex on them, but if a child is at home reading about sex, they are not. Plus, sex makes books better. I have read books that contain rape and other sexual acts, but I never did, I only read that. Running is another big issue. “ À @ CAPS5 a @ CAPS6 ” is an amazing book and every child should read it in order to learn. That's the whole point of reading so that you can learn. We need to educate ourselves on this stuff. Keeping us safe won't protect us, it only makes us want @ CAPS1 never we can have more. Music, books, magazines, and other stuff help us learn, don't take that away from us. If we don't @ CAPS4, we won't read it or learn it. Don't choose for us, let's learn for ourselves. It's our life. Let's make our own mistakes ...
Libraries, not many people like them, but most people do. Libraries are almost in every city. People like to go there to read books, use computers, and do activities with their families. But there are some things that people would really like to do there that cannot due to their age or so, or it could just be banned at any time. Do you think the pros and cons at the library are fair enough for everyone? Most people really don't think you always have to go to the library for things because if you are an irresponsible person with all the damage you have done to the item you checked or what time you turn around, this could be the same amount of money on the purchase of that item. If you are a responsible person, you are fine. But some don't think libraries should put things in there if they don't allow anyone to touch or check it. So if they don't allow a person to get an item from the library it should be deleted from there as there will at least be one person who wants to get that item and it would be rude if the librarian tells you no you can't have this. Libraries should just stick to the same old children's section with children's books. A section for college students and teenagers. A section for high school students and adults and above all everything will be fine. I just want this to be fair to everyone since this is your city's public library. Now that some facts and opinions have been stated, I hope libraries and librarians are thinking about what to put and what not to put on the shelves of a public library to make it fair for everybody. So do you think the pros and cons in the library are fair enough for everyone?
Dear @ CAPS1 or @ ORGANIZATION1 @ NUM1, I am writing this letter to your news company because @ CAPS2 feels the same as Katherine Paterson, and we shouldn't be able to have any of the following books @ NUM2, nor sex books. Because they can scare a child's mind forever, so in my opinion all books with this stuff in the book shouldn't be carried around for a public library. In addition, we should have more meaning in books with inappropriate speech, as it can change a person's thinking. Let me also give you an example, let's say a little boy asks where the action books are, the libarian would say he isn't. you are a little too young to read this book and the kid would say no but i heard it was a really good book and my big brother said it was a good book too. And in my opinion, that's all I have to say. Sincerely, your customer @ PERSON2.
This assertion is not correct. People should be there to read everything they went or what they went to or watch what movie they went to. When someone reads something bad, they @ MONTH1 or don't like it. So, people should not take away bad books, movies, and music. One thing people should have is their choice of what they read and stuff. Books that some people like to read bad stuff because they like it. If the person doesn't like it, they should put it back and find something else to read. Now the movies are a lot of fun to watch. But when you watch a new movie, you have to rent it first to see if you like the offensive meaning or not. And when it comes to age, you should watch a movie with andult if you are too young. Now music is something that is offensive shouldn't be taken off the shelves. Because if you don't like it, don't take it off the shelves and tell people it's bad music when it could be good music. Ok, there is one thing that can be taken off the shelves, and that is magazines. It's bad for people to read these bits of magazines. if they have been there, they should order offline mail for them from home. So people should not take away the shelves of books, movies, and music, but they can take magazines. People love books and articles that contain bad articles. And there shouldn't be any removal of the shelves. That's what I think about if someone takes something off the shelves.
I believe that books, music, movies and magazines should not be taken off the shelves of libraries. People find entertainment in movies that contain sexual or violent activity. I think if we take anything that involves offensive things off the shelves, some people will be upset. In our generation today, people can't wait to see things they can't at home with their parents. Music these days has a lot of bad language, but that's what gets people interested in it. The same goes for movies. Today's books, music, and movies talk a lot about sex, illegal drugs, and criminal involvement. These kinds of things grab our attention and interest us. If you have a child or family member that you don't want them to watch, listen to, or read about offensive things, don't let them see them. Most stores with offensive stuff have a back room where they keep everything so they don't have to worry about others seeing it. People find it offensive sometimes, but that doesn't mean libraries should take them off their shelves. People can decide for themselves what they want to listen, watch or read. Everyone can choose what they prefer. Everyone has their own opinion on things. I think libraries will have more business with offensive stuff than without. Younger people are more interested in things that look like a dream or things that seem so unreal. I think they should keep offensive music, books, movies and magazines on the shelves because we have our own freedom to do whatever we want. Many people take great pleasure in watching offensive things. If you don't want to see or listen to stuff you don't prefer, don't look for it in libraries.
If you are offended because of a book, magazine, music, or movie, don't read, watch, or listen to it. America shouldn't be censored. Censorship should be for young children. If you've grown up and are offended by something with the word "@ CAPS1" on it, don't read it. If a movie drops the “@ CAPS1 bomb”, don't watch it. I strongly disagree with someone who wants to remove vulgar words. I don't mind swearing because it's usually used in a fun way, like telling jokes, or it makes a song shitty good. Censorship is useful, but vulgar things shouldn't be taken out of society, and they never will be. More often than not, children learn swear words from paents or friends. If you don't want your child to swear or be surrounded by profanity, remove them from this situation. It is the responsibility of parents to protect or “censor” a child's environment.
The books in libraries that I have read so far don't seem offensive to anyone, and I haven't really listened to music in libraries or watched movies and magazines to me. That's not to say that there aren't any that could be offensive to others, but if there are, I think they should remove them from the libraries, but I think if anyone found something like that, he would probably put it back. and never go back. If they took out all the books, music, movies, and magazines that people thought were offensive I bet a lot of them would've come out and it wouldn't be fair to others because they maybe want to or are listening to them. or read or watch them and they would be really angry if they found out that they had been taken out because other people thought they were offensive. Some people would probably understand that some of these might hurt someone's feelings or be offensive to other people, but there are others who don't care. I think some of them should be taken out if they're really bad and I wouldn't want other little kids to read them and their feelings hurt or whatever, but if there is not that bad so I don't they should be gone and I don't think people would really care if these stayed in them. If they were really bad and if they stayed in the libraries then probably no one would want to come back to the libraries and sooner or later fewer and fewer people would stop going. So the best thing to do is probably take them out and keep the people going on in libraries because a lot of people love to read and that's what they do for fun and they would be really upset if they didn't. could no longer tackle something stupid
I think most books, magazines, or any kind of reading material that has things offensive to people are okay. A lot of people need to read them and see what they are talking about. I think people take little things like swearing, or if the book or magazine is about offensive drugs that people take. I don't think there is a single book that doesn't have a bad word. A lot of people complain about little things like that when the reading material could be a lot worse than it is. I have read a lot of books that contain inappropriate words. I had a situation once where the title of the book sounded good and when I started reading it there were a lot of swear words in it. I guess it's like that now, a few days. Honestly, you can't find a book without at least one bad word in it. People just need to learn to overcome the fact that there are so many offensive things in so many different reading materials. I don't think books, music, movies, magazines, etc. should be removed from the shelves. It might be good for someone else, but not for you. A lot of people have different opinions on different types of things and I think it should be left to that person's discretion whether they read, listen or even watch certain types of reading.
Should we even question the removal of books, music and films from library shelves ? Said in our constitution, people have freedom of information. People have had this luxury since the beginning of this wonderful country. In addition, @ CAPS1 has the choice to choose a type of book or not. So, to answer my question, removing types of books and movies from the shelves is totally out of the question. In @ ORGANIZATION1, it's @ ORGANIZATION1 that people have freedom of speech, religion and many more, including freedom of information. For this reason, places like libraries should have as much information as possible on their shelves. Even if some behaviors are inappropriate, they are still used to educate. For children, education is largely what their childhood is for. Parents and teachers are always pushing their children to go out, read, and learn new subjects other than what is taught in the classroom or at home. If books were to be taken off the shelves, we @ CAPS1 would only deprive our young people of knowledge of the world. Any @ MONTH1 books or magazines that are beneficial to some and offensive to others. However, for those who would find this beneficial, do we just want to go against our @ ORGANIZATION1 and deprive them of this information ? Another topic in @ ORGANIZATION1 is freedom of choice. Even if bad books or magazines are on the shelves, children have a choice to pick them up. Parents should just tell children to leave these types of materials alone and choose something else. Having books that @ MONTH1 seem inappropriate to some doesn't hurt anyone just by sitting on the shelf. However, some, @ MONTH1 come around with a book like this and find it very interesting and decide to check it out. This action has no effect on the child who is not supposed to watch material like this. Finally, it is very easy to avoid this type of information, just don't choose to look at it and miss it. As for me, personally, as a child, I was not allowed to watch certain types of movies, books or magazines. For example, I have been banned from watching movies rated @ CAPS2 or things with inappropriate sex actions. As it was, I just avoided those types of movies or magazines that had that type of content. For most of my childhood I did this and it was very simple. However, I don't think it would be fair to take that stuff away from other kids. For the reason that it is their choice to do what they want and it has no effect on me. Finally, I have the impression that removing certain things from libraries would be very unfair to children who have the privilege of seeing them. In conclusion, removing materials such as books, music, and movies is utter nonsense. As I said before doing something like this, it would be against our constitution. The answer to solving this for me is black and white, kids just shouldn't pick up these types of materials at the end of the case.
The library has a lot of books, they would have everything you could imagine. The library is an excellent resource for any information. They have so much information that if you had to go to the library you would be there all day. Libraries offer many types of books. They would probably even have a book on hats. There are libraries all around us and they are very practical. If a library had any deceptive books, music, movies, or even magazines, I have to say it could be in a lot of trouble, especially if a magazine or movie or any other source of information showed all of this. that might upset someone in any way, then someone should tell the librarian or the principal and say it shouldn't be on the shelf. When people go to the library, they expect clear reviews of the library. If a library were to offer offensive products, it would not be called the library. The library is designed to be a quiet place where someone could go and maybe browse around, or just come in and get what they need and get out right away. Most libraries are pretty specific about what they should and shouldn't put on their shelves. If someone puts something out of the ordinary and that person knows they shouldn't put the book on a shelf, it should automatically be fired. In conclusion, libraries are very cool and important to the city or town. The only thing would be to keep an eye on books, music, etc. offensive. You never know when they will be randomly on the shelf, and if you find one you should immediately tell the librarian or libraries. director. The @ MONTH1 library is having problems and again, @ MONTH1 is not
DO I BELIEVE SOME MATERIALS SUCH AS BOOKS, MUSIC, MOVIES, MAGAZINES, ETC., SHOULD BE REMOVED FROM SHELVES IF FOUND OFFESIVE ? I SHOULD SAY NO. THE REASON WHY I DECLARE THIS BECAUSE IT IS THE BOOKS THAT HELP YOU THROUGHOUT YOUR LIFE. THERE ARE RUDE AND HORRABLE THINGS IN THE WORLD. LIFE ISN'T ALWAYS EASY AND SOME OF THESE BOOKS WILL HELP YOU MAKE DESIONS. NOW THESE ARE THE REASONS I THINK IT. FIRST, HOW WILL THE BOOK HELP OTHERS IN THE LONG TERM. I THINK IT WOULD BE BECAUSE SOME BOOKS TALK ABOUT THREE REAL BUSINESS. LIKE HOW A TEEN GIRL MOTHER AT A YOUNG AGE, OR HOW CHILDREN DON'T FINISH SCHOOL AND NOW THEY ON THE STREET, IN PRISON OR WORSE. BOOKS LIKE THESE MAKE A DIFFERENCE IN THE LIFE OF SOMEONE ELSE THAN YOU. THIS IS THEREFORE A REASON. SECOND, THESE BOOKS ARE AS A GUIDE FOR OTHERS. THE REASON WHY I SAY IS BECAUSE IF PEOPLE READ ON SAILING AND THINGS, THEY SEE WHAT THEY DON'T WANT TO THROW LIKE ME FOR EXAMPLE. I WAS READING THIS BOOK CALL MY HOOD. AND THIS BOOK IS TALKING ABOUT A LOT OF THINGS I HAVE SEEN WITH MY OWN EYES SUCH AS GANG BANGING, SEX, DRUGS, HOOD FIGHTS ETC., WHICH TAKES PLACE IN THE REAL WORLD. THIRD, A LOT OF PEOPLE I KNOW DON'T REALLY LIKE TO GET ADVICE OR TALK TO OTHERS ABOUT THEIR PROBLEMS. AND THEY CAN GET A BOOK OR SOMETHING THAT HAS THE SAME CHARACTERISTICS AS WHAT THEY COULD BE THROWN. THESE BOOKS AND THINGS ARE NOT VERY BAD, THEY REALLY HELP. AND AS I SAID THERE IS REALLY NOT BAD AS A LITTLE GUIDE FOR MANY PEOPLE. THEREFORE IN CONCLUSION I BELIEVE SOME MATERIALS SUCH AS BOOKS, MUSIC, MAGAZINES ETC. SHOULD BE REMOVED FROM THE SHELVES IF THEY ARE FOUND OFFENSIVE. ABSOLUTELY NOT BECAUSE THESE BOOKS TALK ABOUT REAL LIFE AND LIFE IS NOT ALWAYS FAIR
Censorship or not? That is the question. A lot of people @ MONTH1 don't realize it, but what they read and watch affects them greatly. If kids watch a horror movie, nightmares seem to happen more often. If teens read a book where parties seem cool and bad things are glorified, they too begin to see bad as good. What if the @ CAPS2 article you are reading now contained offensive language and inappropriate ideas ? Most people would be offended and complain. If you saw an old man walking down the street shouting unwelcome things, you would be angry and tell him to stop. So the question arises, why is it good for us to watch movies like @ CAPS2? Yes, books and movies should be censored. Children are very naive at a young age. When a child begins to be exposed to violence, illegal acts, alcohol and drugs in books or movies, they start to think that everything is fine. For example, when I was younger I watched the movie '@ CAPS1'. The movie @ CAPS2 contains profanity all other words it seems. I saw my favorite actors in the movie @ CAPS2 saying bad words so I thought it was okay. It is not good for a child to speak in an offensive way like that. One day I even heard a little @ LOCATION2 quote lines from '@ CAPS3.' The @ CAPS2 movie is hilarious but extremely suggestive. It made me sad to hear an innocent little @ LOCATION2 talk about things that are far beyond him. Teens who listen to music from @ LOCATION1 or @ LOCATION2 receive the wrong messages. While both of these rappers are considered heroes of modern music, they shouldn't be glorified the way they are. These are songs about smoking weed and getting high. They make it look cool. While teenagers think : " @ CAPS5 if they can do it, too ! " They begin to engage in activities that were once frowned. If teens weren't exposed to the @ CAPS2 genre of music, they wouldn't be as inclined to participate in such things. As for adults, their films and books should also be censored. A @ MONTH1 thinks that once they're older they can do whatever they want, but they can't. Let me give you an example. Let's just say a husband and wife are watching a movie together. It's great until a rather inappropriate scene, shall we say, happens. Not only does this make things embarrassing, but it sends the wrong message. When adults or singles see their favorite actors being mean on TV, it just feels right. They start to lose the idea that you are supposed to stay clean until marriage. After all, it is the only way to stay free from any disease. If movies, books, magazines, and music continue to go unchecked, the world will become one giant hubbub. People will start to lose a sense of what is right and what is wrong. We are on the verge of violence and utter chaos. If we keep letting ourselves and our kids watch these kinds of movies and so on, things are going to turn badly. Yes, if libraries or stores find something offensive on their shelves then they need to censor it before it corrupts people's minds any more.
I don't believe that movies, books, music, etc. should be removed from the shelves. I believe that people have the right to have their own opinion about what they choose to listen, read or watch, everyone has their own level of maturity. Parents who are concerned that their child is watching / reading something always have the right to say no to them and keep anything out of their reach. People have the right to have their own opinion on what is best for them. Whether it is books, movies or music, a person always has the choice of whether or not to want to be in contact with this object. It's a good idea to keep things more explicit for adults only, but if it's meant to be for a certain age level, the choice should be up to that certain person. Different people have different levels of maturity, so it is difficult for a person or business to say how old should or should not be using this material. Many parents will not agree with this question because they believe that children should be kept away from the violence and vulgar images or language that are in the media these days. But at the same time, they are fighting for the right to raise their child as they wish. People have the right to remove material that is too mature for their child, but no one should be able to say that someone else's child shouldn't be able to see this material, because it's not because a nobody @ MONTH1 finds it offensive, means others will. If anyone finds something offensive, they must have the common sense not to see this material again, it's that simple. Everyone has that right so I don't think companies have the right to take it away from them. Parents can censor what their children watch, and adults can make their own decisions about it. This proves that some items, like books, movies, and music, shouldn't be taken off the shelves.
Personally, I don't think they should censor us in libraries. I feel like no one has the right to say that people are or are not allowed to enjoy certain content just because someone @ MOIS1 thinks it's offensive because, it's just there opinion of a person. What is a man's trash can is another man's gold, what a person finds offensive could be sawed off by millions. Moreover, in today's world, if everything was censored, there would be nothing left, not even the church, because everyone has their own opinion and belief. Which would end up wiping it all out, because there will always be at least one person who thinks something is offensive in some way. If everything was censored, people wouldn't even be able to speak out. If censorship were used everywhere, schools would not be able to teach half of the subject they teach today and children would have nothing to be involved. Author Katherine Paterson once said, “ We can all think of a book that we hope none of our children or other children have pulled off the shelves. But if I have the right to take this book off the shelf - this job that I hate - then you have the exact same right and everyone else too. And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us. Personally, I completely agree with this quote. This is true as I said before if everything was cenored there would be nothing left to enjoy. Think of it this way, would you want someone to tell you that you are not allowed to read or listen to certain material just because someone was feeling offensive and thought it should be taken away from the public ? I'm pretty sure that would piss off most people, especially if they're adults. I have the impression that everyone has the right to choose what they read and listen to. So if you are ever asked if library censorship should be allowed, think back to everything I said before giving your answer. Once they start censoring what anyone can read and listen to, then they will feel like they can censor anything and everything and control people's lives.
The quote that Katherine Paterson declaire is a very strong point and is very true to me. Everyone thinks and works differently, so something offensive to one person can be completely right and good from another's point of view. Everyone thinks differently and when you go to school or work every day you find this evident in just about everything the person does or owns. For example, their clothes. Personal belongings can reveal a lot about a person just as much as words or actions. So what do you think? Do you think that any material in the library should be taken off the shelves just because someone or a few people think it is offensive or terrible ? In my opinion, no. Each book, magazine, or anything in the media can send a different message to everyone's personal thoughts. For example, a movie might touch someone in a very special way and at the same time someone right next to them might think it's disguising and cruel. In fact, I had a real situation where it was a conflict. During the years of my seventh grade experience, there was this Playstation game that I loved to play and that I loved playing everyday with all my friends. My mom and pretty much everyone at @ LOCATION1 found this very offensive. It was really embarrassing and annoying that one of the things I liked was something that they were trying to ban and not allow for sale in local stores. Now, being in my shoes, how do you think it went for me? I thought it didn't sound very fair at all, it was selfish and reckless. It's like taking someone's possessions and telling them your opinion about them, then throwing them in the trash so they rot and disappear forever. I think you should be able to read whatever you want in the library without worrying about your next favorite book being pulled from the shelves because a group of people are protesting the language or anything they think is offensive to them in the novel, because the next time you find out, it will all be off the shelves since everyone has different opinions. If you don't like the novel then I'll help you return it and never read it again. I think this conclusion is very fair and substantial. So what do you think as readers, is it fair to be able to read whatever you want or do you think that if you or someone finds it offensive you can take it off the shelves ?
All over the world there are thousands of people with different opinions. If one person thinks a work of art is unique, another @ MONTH1 doesn't see any real beauty. But when people barely understand the concept of other people, they shouldn't be exposed to books or movies that could be defined as offensive. Some people don't know @ CAPS2, it's like being really offended. When I was in college, I was a shy, fragile girl. I had just moved to a new school and was petrified by my new surroundings. For the first two weeks, I felt like an outcast; like a stranger looking inside. I was not part of nobody's group. Everyone seemed to have friends for years already and I was there, a new student with no friends to communicate with. I was isolated and desperately trying to find someone to be my friend. I wondered if something was wrong with me; if I have a bad smell or if I was dressed old-fashioned. I tried to buy new clothes and change my hair color. It seemed like I wasn't even noticed. Before I found out, school was halfway there. I was still a nobody. Then @ PERSON1 came and made me somebody. @ PERSON1, who had just moved into my school, looked bold and confident. At first, people greeted in a friendly way, but nothing more. As I was seated at my empty lunch table, @ PERSON1 approached me and asked me to sit down. I couldn't refuse the offer so I nodded in a sincere yes. Throughout the lunch period, we sat and chatted. We had a lot in common and I was happy to have formed a friendship with @ PERSON1. Months passed before I realized that @ PERSON1 and I were great friends. I knew I could tell him all my secrets. Even though @ PERSON1 and I were close, I felt like @ CAPS3 was still hiding something. Every once in a while I would have the courage to ask if there was anything @ CAPS3 needed to tell me, but like all the previous answers it was a no. @ PERSON1 and I had always walked home after school. But one afternoon, something was wrong. The air seemed to linger for miles. We did not speak until we entered my house. Suddenly @ PERSON1 spoke up and said, "@ CAPS1 are people so cruel ?" I was shocked by this question as I didn't know how to answer. @ PERSON1 felt I had no idea @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 was talking about @ CAPS3 continued. 'I'm gay.' I was appalled. Not because @ CAPS3 was gay, but because @ CAPS3 never told me. I asked : " Has @ CAPS2 happened ? " @ CAPS3 then sat on the couch and told me how @ CAPS3 was in the library trying to hear some of our classmates read a book about people who made fun of homosexuals. I felt bad for @ PERSON1. It wasn't his fault that @ CAPS3 was gay. I believe that certain books, movies, or music that are offensive to people should not be aloud on the shelves. Some have never been offended. Some people still offend people for many reasons. Everyone has feelings and it hurts when they are offended. We, as a community, must love and respect each other. Not reading or listening to things that can hurt someone's inner feelings
Dear Diary, I do believe that certain books, magazines or any other form of editorial material should be taken off the shelves if they are found to be offensive. I say this because in every situation either one side benefits, both sides benefits, or neither side benefits. If you don't want this article or writing to be seen by certain audiences, don't show it to the public. It is best if they are in a lonely area for an audience that is mature enough to handle the influence and / or the consequences that come with this type of material. I say influence because studies and personal opinions have shown that adolescents and even young children are often influenced by the explicit opinions presented by the media. These children are acting in a way that reflects what they have seen. If they watch a movie full of violence, they @ MONTH1 think it's their job to act violently. Until they reach the age of maturity and the responsibility of making their own decisions, they let the outside world decide what is best. As a child grows up, he or she is forced to follow certain rules or take authoritative matters seriously. Authority teaches us, as children. We develop through our teachings and grow through our environment. You @ MONTH1 ask what I'm talking about. Well, I think this situation relates to the phrase " think before you speak " because it seems people posting this medium don't think about the side effects of their actions. Suggest that some @ MONTH1 content not only has an impact on children and teens, but adults are also greatly affected. I'm not talking like everyone who watches a movie or reads a book about a murderer is going to kill people. I'm just saying that our environment almost makes us who we are with the way we were brought up. The media give us insight and ideas, which sometimes revolve around our every thought. I think some media should be posted in confidential places. If not, then it should be a recommendation and a requirement to have an age limit. My concern for posting in public media relates to the concern for the impact on human lives. Thank you for your time. Sincerely, @ LOCATION1
Many people find certain books, music or magazines offensive or inappropriate for certain young readings. Many people believe that this material should be removed from libraries altogether. People believe that exposing young people to this offensive material will affect the choices they make and how they react in certain situations. At the same time, others say that it should not be taken off the shelves of the books. They say that everyone has the right to read or listen to what they want. It's that people have the right to choose the weather or not, whether their age is appropriate for them or not. It is not for others to withdraw choices that are not theirs. People who believe they should remove this material from libraries think it corrupts young minds. They believe that this material will send the message that it is okay to do what these books and music say. This in turn will create a different mindset for the young reader. Which @ MONTH1 makes the young reader more aggressive or more likely to make bad decisions about their well-being or the well-being of those around them. These people want their libraries to be dedicated to learning and to be a healthy environment where young minds can develop naturally and free from offensive material. People who think they should leave this material on the shelf say that no one else has the right to make that decision for you by removing it. It is the reader's right to choose the weather or not to read the material. The reader will most likely learn what the material says, regardless of whether or not they are doing it in the library. They believe it would be better for a young reader to learn about it in a safe environment than to have someone else later in life to show or tell them. The environment can be much more dangerous than a library if you learn from someone else. I believe in both in a way. I think somebody else doesn't have the right to remove these books from the libraries. But I also think it should not be accessible to young readers. These books may be offensive to some people, but it is their choice to read them. They don't have to read these books, it doesn't affect them. I think books that are not suitable for young readers should be placed on an upper shelf or in another part of the library that young readers do not have access to. If the parents of readers want them to learn more in a safe environment, then they should sit the children down and explain to them themselves. At the end of the day, we have all of our rights and we use them to choose the weather to read or listen to certain documents. It is no one's choice but yours.
While there are many books written about them @ MOIS1 that offend many kinds of people, there are some who just need to be wiped off the face of the earth, those who don't learn from history, are doomed to repeat it. This is one of my favorite quotes and I don't use it lightly. Take for example " The @ ORGANIZATION1 ", the very book that gives instructions for making bombs, teaches you how to use firearms, and so on. This book frankly makes me nauseous. That's why I think this book needs to be taken off the shelves for good. faded away. Another book that should be taken off the shelves is a book written by none other than another @ PERSON1, the man who put so many people in gas chambers and many more in their undeserved graves. He sent men, women and children to his many death camps and labor camps. One of those many children was @ PERSON2 hiding from gustappo or '@ CAPS2 @ CAPS3'. Because of this monster, @ CAPS7 has lost one of the world's greatest and most depressed writers for @ DATE1. This book was filled with hate messages and how the @ CAPS4 people should not be allowed to live among the “supposed” @ CAPS5 @ CAPS6 @ CAPS7. But if we didn't have this book, we would definitely expect another @ CAPS8 in our hands. Overall, censorship in libraries should be a rule, but only books worth keeping, not those awful books
The library is a public space where everyone can go to find a book, a movie or a magazine of their desire. Not everyone is interested in the same kind of book. The library is supposed to contain almost any book anyone could think of. If someone finds a book or a movie that offends them, they shouldn't make a big deal out of it. They should not be removed from the library shelves. I am against the removal of offensive entertainment because it is not fair to everyone else in the library. What if a group of adults enjoyed a movie that someone else found disturbing ? If the library took this film off the shelves, it would lose business because of one person. If the mother of a six-year-old boy wanted to report an inappropriate movie to the librarian, that wouldn't be fair to anyone who is mature enough for that movie. It just isn't fair to everyone. The library is a public good. That being said, it is the library's job to satisfy the entertainment desires of the public. They are obliged to provide books, films, etc. for anyone. If a person doesn't like a particular book or magazine, they have to look elsewhere for what they want. A few years ago, my mother stopped taking my brother and I to the library. There were too many complaints about inappropriate books being supplied or taken off the shelves. That year the library lost @ PERCENT1 of its customers because every time the library tried to please them, someone else was not happy. If every piece of entertainment had to stay on the library shelf, everyone would be happy. If someone doesn't approve of a movie or something, they can look for another shelf. Those who complain only earn more work for themselves.
Do you think that certain books should not be shared with certain people? In all honesty, yes, let them read and listen to anything they think is interesting. Whatever the content of the book or of @ CAPS1 is their choice, there is a power called freedom in this world. You would think that if you are able to read and understand the words that are written in this book or sung in a song, then yes, read and listen to whatever you want. If a kid like a kindergarten kid picks up a book about sex, you know there's no way that kid can figure it out. So yes, all books should be left on library shelves, open to anyone who wants to read them. It's not that you have to be mature enough to read a book, it's that you have to understand it and be able to read to understand what the book is trying to say. Yes, some things parents don't want their kids to know, but this world is filled with horrible things and they are forced to come to some of these horrible things sooner or later. Reading and music allow you to learn and experience different situations that you may never have been in before. Books and songs are a way of expressing themselves and everyone should express themselves in one way or another. When it comes to movies, it's a different story. These movies are rated for a reason. On a movie rated @ CAPS2, I could see @ NUM1 years old watching it, because by that time these kids were in high school and everything that was sexual and kinky was put into their little heads. In addition, most have taken sex education classes. Blood and all cruel things have been spoken and heard too. So yes, let @ NUM1 years old watch movies rated @ CAPS2. The only thing that is not suggested is to take a small child to see a movie that is not rated for him. Suppose a parent took a @ NUM3 year old to see a horror movie, it is more than likely that that child will be scared and scarred from blood, stabbing, and sexual content. Movies should be rated for who they should be rated for. When it comes to music and books, they are wonderful learning tools that are also good for self-expression. So learn, experience and express yourself. No matter what your interest in freedom has been given to you, then use it
I enjoy reading a lot and have read several books since I was in high school. Three of the best books I read in my high school career were about drugs, rape, partying and contained inappropriate language. Some parents would not want their children to read these books and request that they be removed from our school library, but I think that is completely wrong. We have freedom of speech and of the press, so why can't these books be in our school libraries? What some parents think is offensive, others don't. Most of the time kids disagree with their parents anyway, so they'll read what they want to read, or watch what they want, or even listen to what they want. People are different and we have the right to have our own opinions. Some parents would say that these kinds of books should be taken out of the library, but that's wrong, if you don't like them, don't read them or discourage your kids from reading them. It's just a book, it's not like it's actually happening. The books are also separated by age, so a young child will get books from the kids section, so these books are for kids and should be appropriate. Teens also have a section and they need to be mature enough to handle what they read in the books. I don't think some material should be taken out of our libraries because a select few people think it's offensive, it takes books away from people who like to read those kinds of books. So if all kinds of people say everything is offensive, there will be no more books on the shelves for people who don't think their offense is. When I am an adult, I will tell my children what I want from them and I will let them do it. their own choices because it doesn't matter what they want anyway and if they want to read a book with foul language, or a movie with language, so be it. It's not like they're actually doing what's going on in the book. Overall, I think it is completely unacceptable that books are being taken out of libraries for people who complain that they are offensive.
I believe there are some materials that should be taken off the shelf. These are certain books, music, movies, magazines that people find quite offensive. There might be a few books that have some awful stuff. Images in magazines, on CD cases, or on movie / DVD cases would have things that the folks at @ MONTH1 find really offensive. I have never seen anything like it before, but it is happening in schools all over the world. People may not get what certain documents want you to do, but they @ MOIS1 take offense and tell someone about it. They would be more likely to tell people not to get it and to tell the school that they were offended by the material. Some materials need to be removed from the shelves.
Libraries have the right to decide to what extent they want their material to be censored on their shelves. Much of this material @ MONTH1 may be considered offensive to some people. However, some @ MONTH1 material is also offensive to one person, but @ MONTH1 is not offensive to another. Americans have freedom of speech and writing and many other rights. A library should have the right to put whatever material it wants on its shelves. There will always be offensive songs, books, movies and magazines. However, some @ MONTH1 documents may be considered offensive to someone, but @ MONTH1 may not be considered offensive to others. An @ MONTH1 library will not be able to please everyone. "But if they have the right to take this book off the shelf - this job that I hate - then they also have the exact same right and everyone else too." And we don't have any books on the shelf for any of us ”(Paterson). Paterson simply explains that if someone finds something offensive and wants to remove it from a shelf, all the books will soon be removed and there will be nothing left on the shelves at all. A library is a place where everyone can come and find what they are looking for without any problem. A person is probably not looking for something offensive. Therefore, stumbling upon something offensive @ MONTH1 will be disturbing ; however, they should be able to try and ignore it. It is this choice of people to choose this library to occupy themselves. So they might choose to find offensive material. If someone does not wish to come across offensive material, they should choose not to go to the library. Americans have the right to be free, a library too. If a person comes across an offensive element, it should be ignored. A library cannot please everyone by removing all of its wares that @ MONTH1 is considered offensive. There would simply be nothing left. People should be aware that they @ MONTH1 encounter offensive material when visiting a library, so it will always be the choice of people to patronize that library
I think there are some elements that should be deleted if they are very offensive. I also believe that if it helps you learn, it should stay on the shelf. Everyone has different opinions on what is offensive or appropriate and what is not. Additionally, everyone has different ideas or expectations about the relevance of books, music, movies, magazines, etc. Each person should read the cover of the book and so on to see if it suits them. And the liabary should put warning stickers on the book, so that this person knows the graphic language or wants. Therefore, I think labs should put warning signs on everything to reduce the number of books being pulled from shelves. And so on, my decision is not to remove certain items, only if they are offensive. Liabaries should use warning stickers on books so that the person knows in advance the graphic or wanted language. I believe this will help and reduce the problems in our liabaries. Even though a lot of people won't agree, this is what I think should happen. Here is why I believe it should happen. One day when I was younger and starting to read, I came across a book. I was reading it to my mother and then she took the book and gave it to the Libyan and told her what happened. I guess I said a very inappropriate word and they had no idea the book contained that kind of language. So now every time my mom takes my younger brothers to the library, she makes sure the book they want is right for their age range so that the same mishap doesn't happen again. I know that I would not only do it for my children but also for other children
In today's world, being a kid isn't easy at @ CAPS1. But the last thought a child would have is whether the literature he is reading is offensive or not. I don't think censorship should be applied any more than it already is. While parents and the government disagree, censorship will only make future children more closed and protected than they already are. Kids shouldn't @ CAPS1 lose their innocence so soon, but neither should they @ CAPS1 be so upset with the world. So I'm against censorship, because it's not going to accomplish anything but make children safer. Censorship is already displayed on music and movies, and it doesn't matter that kids always hear music that isn't @ CAPS1 age-appropriate, but they don't @ CAPS1 know the meaning of the lyrics. And the cencoring movies and the @ CAPS1.V show aren't going to help @ CAPS1 much either, as the internet has made things easier for teens and kids to access. So unless we censor the internet at certian. What no one wants to happen then we have to let our kids be more open to the public world because sooner or later they will find out some things. Censorship will eventually shape how our world works, but it doesn't have to. If parents would just sit more with their kids and talk to them about certian, then censorship would be needed @ CAPS1
Salvation! My name is @ PERSON1. I am writing to you @ DATE1 because there is so much conflict over the question of " if the materials in the library are offensive, should they be taken off their shelves ". I know these are people who will agree or disagree, but what I think they should do is leave them. Yes I said they should stay where they are. All over the world people get angry about all the little things in life, but what we don't understand is that it will always be something in life that we don't like and don't. will never change. Like that, for example, people who take offense at library materials and want them removed. I mean, come on, people wake up and realize you're not always going to have things you don't want them, it's always going to be things that you just have to deal with. I believe these types of materials should stay okay where they are because people can ignore them, we just decided not to. We are all making a big deal for something so small. People just shouldn't watch it and move on. Everyone in this world needs to see that their things were not going to like, but we need to get over them and move on. It will always happen and there is nothing we can do about it. All over the universe people @ MONTH1 agree or disagree with what I have to say, but it's your point of view and what you think is your choice. I will say though that they should stay but people need to get back to themselves and see the truth in life and know that even though these are things we don't like, don't sit back and chat. not about it, leave it and go your own way. So here is my essay for you. People need to see that they still won't get what they want in life, but they have to move on. Like that, if you have a problem with the things around you, for example taking offense to library materials and wanting to delete them, sorry but no. learn to walk away from it because what you like @ MONTH1 is not what other people like and what they like @ MONTH1 is not what you like, we just have to get on with life, let it be because other @ MONTH1 oppinons do not match yours. Leave the material aside because we as people need to see where we're not always going to go in life and learn how to blow it up instead of making a big deal on something so. little we could leave
I don't believe books should be censored. I believe if it's on the shelf, anyone can pick it up. The books in the library are on a shelf and little kids grab them every day, so why can't they read them if they are there in their sight. I have been to libraries many times and in all of my experiences I have never come across an offensive book. If the books are offensive, I don't think they would expose them to everyone. Whenever I go to libraries, I have never found a book that is offensive. I think if they allow some commercials to be shown on TV, then why can't some books be displayed. I believe reading sharpens the mind and if a kid takes an adult but who are we to say no you can't read this. Libraries shouldn't watch what they put on the shelves because if you think you shouldn't be reading this book, you won't pick it up in the first place. If your kid picks up a book that you don't want them to read, you shouldn't have taken them to the store in the first place. If you don't like the library's selection of music, head to another store. Libraries have bigger problems to deal with than your personal taste in music. If you don't like some magazines they have, order ezines. There is no reason why you should owe any obligation to a library, the library is a place to help. You don't have to go to one if you don't like what they have, so don't go to the library. These are a few valid points about why I think books, magazines, movies, etc. should not be censored. If you don't like the movies they have, don't go to the library. If you think their magazines are inappropriate, order ezines. If you don't like these books, order online or go to a bookstore. That's why I think books shouldn't be censored.
As many will agree, censorship is a growing concern around the world. Personally, I think censorship is necessary to some extent. If someone feels that the content of a music, movie, or book is questionable, he or she has the option of reading, listening, or watching. Among many overdue materials, movies have ratings, just as music has “ beeps ”. The films are classified '@ CAPS1' for all audiences, '@ CAPS2' for parental guidance, '@ NUM1' for parental guidance for ages @ NUM2 and over, and finally '@ CAPS3' meaning that any person less than @ NUM3 is either suggested or required to have an adult present when viewing the film. At home, ratings are all based on parent preference. In the cinema, restrictions become a kind of law. Anyone under the age of thirteen is not permitted to view a “@ NUM1” or “@ CAPS3” movie unless accompanied by an adult (anyone @ NUM5 or more). Anyone who is not @ NUM3 or older @ MONTH1 will not enter a movie rated '@ CAPS3' unless accompanied by someone @ NUM7 or older. Depending on where you are, the @ MONTH1 restrictions will be more or less severe. Ultimately, the scoring system is about forcing parents to choose what is appropriate and what is not for their child. As for the music on the radio, all the "bad words" are "beeped". If a person wants to buy their own music, artists are required to make two of the same album, one with censors and one without. Thus creating a decision generally for the parents, generally assuming that they are the ones who only want the album or the music for their child. When it comes to books, there is no ranking, just genres that let the reader know who the author's intended audience is. Genre types include “ adults ”, “ young adults ” and “ children ” sections in libraries and bookstores. Just like music and television, the final choice of purchase is entirely up to the parents. Even though many restrictions have been put in place, there are still flaws in the system. Obviously, if you are @ NUM2 or less, you probably won't have an ID. This gives the person working in the cinema the possibility of letting in whoever they think is of age. Looks like @ MONTH1 is misleading. Buying music over the internet does not require any type of identification either. How can they prove your age? When buying a book, not many cashiers would stop a child and say “this is inappropriate for you ”. Maybe kids of all ages should have ID. While these are all underlying issues in the censorship system, it all seems to be traced back to the parents. Censorship is a huge talking point for parents in today's young and growing society, but the reality is, if they have a problem with the content, they will either get rid of the material themselves or ban it. 'use and / or purchase. Overall, it's about parents and their personal preferences
No book should be removed from the shelf. Most people have different tastes for books, magazines, or movies. If people find any of them offensive, why can't they just ignore it ? They can go get another one. Not everyone should have the same tastes as one person, that's what makes us who we are today. If everyone had the same tastes in everything, it would be a pretty boring world. I'm more into horror novels than anything. My own opinion, I think they have a lot of excitement; with the murder and whatnot. I'm not a big fan of reading either, I read when I have absolutely nothing to do. It's very hard to move on to another series of novels. Such as: romance, horror, adventures, even poetry! It takes a lot to understand poetry. Poetry has many great descriptive words. @ PERSON1 for example, he is one of my favorite poets; he's actually quite famous for everything he's done. Well, he didn't become famous until after his death. Overall, not everyone has the same liking for books, magazines, movies, or even poetry. We are all different even when it comes to this.
How often do you find a book or magazine that you don't want the kids or someone to read ? I mean I find them everyday, like how people use their language like swearing or even the TV show they're watching. I also hear when I'm with my friends or in a crowd of people. You hear them everyday even if you don't want to, but you do. I think libraries shouldn't even have this where kids can reach them or even during library time. It's a public place and no one wants to see anyone with these books in the library. What if a kid had one and he looked at it and gave him nightmares or if it was crime or rap or dud, something is wrong. Sometimes what children read they will say it or they will. so if a kid sees it he @ MOIS1 thinks it's okay to do it or they might think it's amazing or cool to do and they might do it. Again, you hear it on a daily basis like swearing. Let's say your kid hears or reads horrible language and they might say it to you or some of your friends, and you won't know where they heard or who told them. The movies even have something to do with it, because all movies are films for children and adults. they should separate the movies or even get rid of the movies because the kids might watch the case and see something scary or drug related, something you don't want your kids to hear or even hear. Even if you hear them on a daily basis, you should never get them in the public library or even in a public place where there are children. They have to take those books that describe anything about crime, drugs, or even the movies. This is why I think they should get rid of those books and films from the shelves and keep them away from children.
I think they shouldn't remove material from libraries if it is found to be offensive. People find different things offensive that others don't. If you've started removing these things, there's a good chance you'll lose everything, books, and your people. An example I say is because some people are making offensive movies that contain scenes of violence. Others like the violence in these shows. The library may be the only way someone can get something they love. Another example is that magazines may contain material that you don't want your kids to see or see. This same magazine could help a student with a homework assignment. Children might need offensive material, it might help them throughout life. In conclusion, I don't think we should remove movies and books if anyone finds it offensive. Some of the offensive material could be used to aid students in their education. Other offensive material that some adults enjoy reading or viewing. Just because one person finds something offensive doesn't mean the next person will.
Do people have the right to limit freedom? Do people have the right to limit the imagination? Do people have the right to limit self-expression? A lot of people in the world today think so. The censorship of books is a major problem in today's world. Weather books deemed " offensive " should be removed from libraries or not, which is a serious problem. Censorship of books not only limits self-expression, but it also limits knowledge and our constitutional right to free speech. I think people shouldn't be able to censor books. Censoring a book is like putting a limit on the human imagination. Throughout life, people are encouraged to think outside the box. We are told as children that being unique and different is a good thing. We are all told that and yet, when writers express themselves in books, the same people who have told them to think outside the box want to censor their thoughts. By censoring books, we are telling the world that the imagination is a bad thing. Many people want to censor books so that their children cannot read “offensive” texts. They feel that by removing books they deem “ offensive ” from libraries, they can protect their child from the bad things in the world. This is not the case. People @ MONTH1 can censor books, but no one can censor life. Children will learn “ offensive ” things with or without books. Censorship of books limits knowledge. At the time of writing, The @ CAPS1's of @ PERSON1, was a very outrageous book. Due to the gauge used by this book, a lot of people thought it was junk. A lot of people wanted it censored. Today @ ORGANIZATION1's @ CAPS1's is a famous and classic book. I actually had to read it for school. Regardless of the language this book uses, it shows part of the @ CAPS3 story. And to think that if the people back then had taken it out of the libraries, I probably would never have read this book, and I would never have the knowledge that I gained from reading this book. It is our constitutional right to write and read the books we choose. America was built on the idea of freedom. Under the constitution, we guarantee freedom of expression. By removing books from libraries, we are limiting our freedom of expression. No one should be allowed to tell you that you can't read a book that you want to read. No one should be allowed to tell you that you can't write a book the way you want to write it. If we start censoring books, writers will be forced to censor their personal thoughts. Getting writers to do this limits their freedom of expression. If freedom of expression is limited, what other freedoms will also be limited in the years to come? Censorship of books and censorship in general is not a good thing ; it just limits things. If we start censoring books, we give our kids a message, this difference is bad. If freedom of expression is restricted, how long will it be before our other rights are restricted? Where will it end? Before even removing the first book from the shelf, we have to ask ourselves this, do we have the right to restrict freedom
In my personal opinion, this letter to the newspaper with my opinions on censorship in libraries is that I think music, books, magazines, etc. should remain on the shelves. If they can be unreadable, they should be able to be read or listened to. Things in this paragraph will relate to the content of music, books, magazines, etc. The music industry, too many people think some songs are inappropriate, but it really ruins the interest of the whole song. Maybe it could be age advice, but that's all they should do, they shouldn't cut content. Magizines should be read or viewed by anyone because they are unreadable books. They should be aloud anywhere if they were unreadable. Films should be put in the library with age guidance because someone needed to allow this film to be released in theaters, @ CAPS1, or on @ CAPS2. In my experience, I have seen people complain about these things. I really don't understand why you should be complaining about these things. Now you decide what your take on censorship in libraries is
What is censorship? Censorship can be described as limitations or restrictions, and it can also be called common courtesy. The real question is what are we limiting? Censorship is not something to support. Censorship of a book is like a chocolate cake without chocolate, it takes away the value and the fun of education. Although many @ MONTH1 disapprove, libraries shouldn't censor their books, movies, or music because of it. Some @ MONTH1 find that '@ CAPS1 @ CAPS2' or 'The @ CAPS3 of @ PERSON1' are offensive books due to their repeated use of the word '@ CAPS4'. There are also arguments about this, there are several @ CAPS5 @ CAPS6 that I know that find the word '@ CAPS4' offensive, but not in this case. They say this brings more educational value to the book, because in @ PERSON1's day the word '@ CAPS4' was an except word. It was like that at the time. Then and today, censorship hides reality. The people who write, sing, and stage things considered " inappropriate " are the ones who are trying to release the truth. Language or " inappropriate " experiences are what really happen and it is the words that are actually spoken. By using censorship you are protecting the world. Cesorship is a tool we use to block ourselves from reality. Is this the right choice? Is it fair to send protected adolescents out into the world unable to fend for themselves ? Or should we make them understand how it really works
Censorship “We can all think of a book that we hope none of our children or other children have removed from the shelf. But if I have the right to take this book off the shelf - this job that I hate - then you have the exact same right and everyone else too. And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us. @ CAPS1 was cited by an author named Katherine Paterson. I don't believe that certain materials such as books should be taken off the shelves under any circumstances. Everyone is entitled to their own opinion on certain materials. If books are taken off the shelves because of censorship, what is the point of writing or even reading books? If people keep removing books because they are deemed offensive, there will be no more books to read. I have seen a lot of offensive books. Whether it has something to do with religious beliefs or even revealing too much sexual content, I'm sure it's offensive to someone somewhere. Books are written by authors who believe they have the right to express themselves through writing. If you were to remove or ban a certain book from the shelf, what would the author who wrote the book think ? The world of @ CAPS1 is full of offensive and rather disturbing books. It can't be right to let go of these things because they bother us. Everyone has the right to read any book they want. Just because it offends one person doesn't mean it offends everyone. I think censorship is unnecessary. What gives anyone the right to remove or edit something because it is inappropriate ? I've personally read a few books that I wouldn't want small children to read, but that doesn't mean I should take them off the shelves. Maybe someone else was waiting to find this book. If I deleted it, it would prevent others from experiencing the joys of reading this book. Censorship in general is bad. Everyone has the right to their own beliefs and different ways of expressing themselves. I don't believe anyone has the right to take something that someone has been working on for so long and take it out because they find it offensive. There will always be something you don't approve of. Just because you don't approve of it doesn't mean that not everyone approves of it. Authors write books for a reason, musicians write music for a reason, people make movies and magazines for a reason. What gives anyone the right to take something someone has done and ban them from the rest of the world for being offensive ? Books are there to help us become more educated and more open-minded to different thoughts and ideas. We shouldn't just ban them because they offend some people. If you don't like a book because it offends you, then don't read it. It's as simple as that. If people keep removing books because they are offensive, then there will be no more books to read.
If someone is looking for an offensive book, they will find it, whether they are collecting dust on a library shelf or whether it is brand new in a bookstore. The same goes for an offensive @ CAPS1, magazine or movie. Removing offensive items from library shelves will only cause people looking for those items to look elsewhere. Different people have different opinions about what is offensive and what is not. The @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 is an example of a controversial book that many people thought was offensive to their religious beliefs. While many people found The @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 offensive, others liked the story. If the book had been taken from libraries because some people found it offensive, then others who really enjoyed the book would not have been able to read it. Another reason why libraries should not remove offensive items from their shelves is that, most likely, the entire book, magazine, movie, etc. is not offensive from start to finish. Even if a movie contains an offensive scene, the rest of the movie could be a great story that a lot of people would benefit from seeing. It's the same idea with a book or a magazine. There are @ MONTH1 a few offensive chapters or one or two offensive articles, but very rarely will you find an offensive book, movie or magazine throughout. Of course, there are still some offensive elements that would be bad for young children to see, even with one or two offensive scenes, chapters or articles. There are simpler solutions to this problem than having to completely remove items from shelves. One solution to this problem could be for libraries to set age limits for certain articles, so that younger people cannot view material that is too inappropriate. But more importantly, it would be the job of parents to monitor what their children read, watch or listen to. Removing offensive books, magazines, music and movies from library shelves would only cause more problems and complaints. I think it's a good idea to leave the material on the library shelves and warn library users to " read at their own risk ".
Censorship in school libraries is important, but at the same time it is not necessary. I think many books in the school library are not suitable for young children, but these same books should not be taken out of our libraries because I feel high school students are mature enough to read this material. The material in these books is no different from what happens in the high school years. Most of these books provide a perspective on real life stories and @ MONTH1 can help someone cope and realize that they are not alone. At the same time, although many of these books contain profanity, sex scenes, parties, alcohol and drugs. These books are too old for a school-aged child and maybe even a middle-aged child to read. For example, @ PERSON1's books, these books are about a girl who becomes drug addicted, pregnant, in prison and homeless. I read these books, they are great books, and they showed me how just trying a drug once can ruin your whole life. I learned a lot from these books, but I don't think anyone under the age of fourteen should read them. There should be a limit to censorship. Lots of things we talk about in books, the same things we talk about in the halls of school, what's the difference? This is why the authors write about what they do, so that they can get in touch with teenagers. Many books are author experience, so they are intended for high school age. Many authors will put an age level on their books, such as fourteen and over. Libraries should pay attention to these assessments before putting books into libraries. Someone @ MONTH1 takes offense at what they read in a book, but I don't think that book should be taken off the shelves because of one person. If this becomes a bigger problem then yes it should be deleted, but at the same time this book @ MONTH1 will be a way for someone else to escape the hardships in their life. Many adults would disagree with my statements because they feel that if a teenager is reading about someone who is drinking, doing drugs, or having sex, then they are more likely to be doing these things. I feel like it's not true because the book I'm reading right now they're partying and drinking, but I'm not doing that. What is the difference between someone reading it in a book and seeing it on TV? I see many worse things on @ LOCATION1 than I have read in the books. Parents should be happy that their teenager is reading and not playing video games or going out with friends. These are just my opinions, some people @ MOIS1 agree with me and some @ MONTH1 disagree, but I will stick with my opinions
Censorship in libraries. Censorship is a big conflict in many libraries. @ CAPS2 is full of offensive books that shouldn't be put on the shelves. Many schools refer to these books, magazines and films as “ @ CAPS1 ”. @ CAPS2 is often a week when people read all the books that have been @ CAPS1 in school libraries. I'm participating in this school-wide challenge because I don't agree with the book ban. Banning books can be a good thing, and it can also be very harmful for a number of reasons. First of all, I like to think about banning books or anything else from the point of view of the author or writers. How would you feel if you spent about @ NUM1 years writing this kids story / movie that got @ CAPS1 in the first couple of weeks it was on the shelves. I don't think a lot of people would appreciate this. I also think a lot of people don't think about authors at this point. When I think about it, it makes me think of all the things we couldn't read in our world. Including newspapers, books and magazines. Maybe even include the fact that it takes a lot of work to write things down about what people want to hear or see. I feel like when books or movies are @ CAPS1 or deleted, the author feels like they are worthless. The parents' point of view makes it much worse. Think of it this way, your child comes home from school with that book he wants you to read with him. You sit down and start reading, when suddenly you stumble upon a violent or inappropriate scene in the story. You suddenly stop reading and watch your child enjoying this violence and loving this story! What do you do? Many parents would call the school and explain what had happened and complain about banning this book and taking it away from children who could get it. Removing him is no use because just banning him from the school library doesn't mean they can't find him elsewhere. How do you think your child would feel after enjoying this story now that she is gone ? I know it would make me feel like I did something wrong. Removing things from shelves has a silver lining, too. When you remove the book, movie, or magazine from the shelf, it disappears from that library forever. This can be a good thing, because then the children will not have the obvious reason to understand the story. If you don't want your child or other kids to see it, this is a great idea. This makes the @ CAPS1 object harder to find and also harder for children to learn about. If the book or movie isn't there, they won't want to read the next one or see the next movie. @ CAPS2 contains many different views on censorship, which could affect the way people choose what happens in libraries. My point of view on this subject was negative and I fully support it. If the author works hard to write the story, he shouldn't be punished for expressing his feelings in a story. Many different people experience this problem and @ CAPS2 have many different views on the subject. Next book week @ CAPS1, I will be supporting authors who have been overwhelmed by their work by getting @ CAPS1. I hope you too.
Censorship in public libraries, allowed? I believe it should be, with a few different points of view. On the one hand, why should books be coming off the shelves because some people don't like the plot of the series? Second, @ CAPS1 is over a million of us on @ CAPS1 and we are not all alike in many ways. Also @ CAPS2, reading is one of those things that we differ from each other. One person can read warm and peaceful stories, while you have people like @ CAPS1 who want something more intense to read. We are all different all over the world. Humans have different tastes for food, music, movies, and books. Everyone has different ways of satisfying their pleasures by reading books, for me books are like religions, we are not all the same in this, and at the same time we all live freely with our region without any punishment, so why Would you like to take books that people like to read freely ? For me, in my eyes, that's not fair. It's like taking candy from an innocent baby because it will rot its teeth. What I mean by that is some people books @ MONTH1 offend them but some people @ CAPS1 may be offensive to those people books and so on but as much as your baby's teeth don't rot, why take the sweets? This means that if the books have each individual shelf with labels on what it is, what they do. People wouldn't feel so offended to find them in the wrong place. Looking at the point of view, do you understand where I'm coming from with this? We're all the same, yet in books we find ourselves inside of them, finding ourselves in books, I know a lot of book readers with different kinds of tastes. No matter who they were and who their friends were, we are all different. For a lot of people other than me, I would be okay with that. So tell me again why shouldn't censorship be in public libraries
Books are a form of history, each telling a story from the past. in the story, we are not blocking any offensive event that takes place, so why should we remove all books with offensive material. it would be a mistake to deprive children of all learning tools. books are a very important learning tool in schools today and there is something new in every book that a child can learn. So even removing a book might teach a child one less thing. and to do it on purpose would go against everything schools stand for. there are many different janras from different books, but not everyone likes all jonra if a person only enjoys reading young adult books because it relates to their culture, which will likely have language and events offensive. if you were to take this away from a young adult at school ; again, this person would miss out on books because they are not interested in any of the books in the library anymore. if you can even think of a single case that might deprive a student of a learning opportunity, you shouldn't. but the point is, there are many reasons why you shouldn't remove literature from library shelves.
libraries should not delete items just because some people find it offensive. People prefer different types of books, so renovating some will reduce the selection. A smaller selection of books means fewer people have a reason to go.
Can Books, Music, Movies, and Other Media Be Perfect For Everyone ? Everyone has their own opinion and beliefs about which materials are good and which are not acceptable to the human mind. All over the world, young children, young adults and adults read books, magazines, listen to music and watch movies. These are all hobbies that most people enjoy doing. Everyone reads different types of books, whether mystery, romance, or Bible-based books, people read. Removing books, magazines and other materials from the shelves of a library leads to an unsuccessful empty library. When people come looking for a book to read, they are looking for what they think they will like. If they like one thing, another person might not. They might find a book offensive, but does that mean everyone is equally offensive by the book? Pulling out that book leaves the person who would like that book stuck looking for another book. Everyone is different, everyone has their own story, just like these books. Magazines are like books, they are made to be liked. I think some magazines may not be suitable for some people, but that doesn't mean they should take it off the market. This means that this person just shouldn't be reading it. Magazines are made for everyone to enjoy, which is why there are so many different types. They want to tailor each magazine personally to each individual. Music is the number one entertainment that people enjoy. There's a reason there are so many different genres. The music industry does its best to sort the music to your liking. Just because a song has things in it that you don't like that doesn't mean you can delete that song from everyone. Music is used in different ways. It relaxes you, puffs you up, it is used for parties, events and many other things. All the songs are different, so you can use them however you want. Making music because someone doesn't like it changes music forever. There would be no music to listen to. People should be able to watch the movies they want. This is why there are ratings on the movies. Which is okay for teenagers, but not okay for young children. That's why they shouldn't watch it. If people banned all the movies they thought were inappropriate. There would be no rented theaters, theaters or hits in the film production industry. Everyone should know what kind of movies they like, and they should just watch what they like, and leave the other movies to people who appreciate it. No, books, magazines, movies, and music can't be perfect for everyone. The materials bring all kinds of different topics and stories for everyone. Each material brings pleasure to different people. Wrapping up any material you deem inappropriate will leave the shelves empty. What kind of library is it
As a student, child, and citizen of the United States, I believe every book should be licensed in any library. Books express feelings, emotions ect., The same with movies, music. If we don't have them, how can we learn anything in this world. Each book has an explanation, a title and a reason for reading. Today millions of people read more ads because of all the books available. I believe, however, that the reason every book should be in a library is that they are all different. No matter what the subject of the books, some may seem offensive, but everyone has something they don't like. There are a lot of people who get defensive about things like certain people, animals, countries, different skin colors, swearing, and even sports. We all have our own opinions, if you don't like a certain book because it has content you don't like then it's simple don't read it, others might like it. Movies, books, music, magazines, etc., should be allowed everywhere
Dear Diary, In my opinion, I don't think that censorship in libraries should be on documents, such as books, music, movies, magazines and other documents. Censorship of materials in the library could solve many problems. I don't agree with library censorship of materials for many reasons. In my next few paragraphs, I'll explain why I agree with libraries censoring a lot of their material. Many libraries around the world @ MONTH1 have censored their documents. I believe libraries censor most of their material a lot due to the fact that they @ MOIS1 have children under the age of eighteen who are constantly viewing a lot of explicit content. Libraries shouldn't censor their material, but in my opinion, they shouldn't let underage children view any kind of material that is only intended for adults. Additionally, if computer access is provided for children, an adult top visor should be nearby to ensure that no explicit content is viewed. Censorship in libraries could solve many problems, such as clients who do not get all the information they need for a hundred material, children who do not read to the height of their abilities or standards, and also children who do not learn enough or do not get the information they need for school. If all of these things happen before libraries have censors on their documents, then many libraries will not have that many clients. Yes, most people @ MONTH1 visit libraries for the wrong reasons, but for others those wrong reasons @ MONTH1 are the reason they get more information. Library materials can also be found offensive to most people. But what is found offensive to most people may be found to be helpful to others. If something is found to be offensive to a person, I don't think it should be taken off the shelves. If books and / or materials are taken off the shelves, it can hide so much useful information that people might get. In conclusion, I don't think that censorship should be imposed on material in libraries due to the fact that a lot of information could be lost. Censorship doesn't always mean that the material is bad, it can also mean that the material is simply not suitable to be seen or read by this certain age group. If a library that I visit censors most of its material, I would convince the library staff to remove the censorship. Censorship is not always bad and neither is it always, but it can hide a lot of information from us that is not good at all.
I think all books, music, movies, magazines and anything offensive should be taken off the shelves because @ CAPS1 are little kids reading books and they don't need to hear or read things offensive. But at the same time, for people who want to hear or hear things like this, there should be an area in the library for documents like this. @ CAPS1 are all kinds of libraries that have offensive books, movies, magazines, other reasons why they should remove offensive material from the shelves as it might be racist or just offensive some things and people don't want to see or think that white people hate black people or black people hating white people or any kind of racist stuff. It shouldn't be loud as it can hurt someone's feelings. I have my own observations while reading some books in my school library and I have come across some offensive words. like in some books they use the word nigger and since i am black it's offensive to me i know they don't tell me but they always say it and it touches me a little in a way . Im children and other people will be offended. The last thing I want to talk about is that for kids and other people they don't want to see nasty things that are in the books. If I had a child, I wouldn't want my children to be nasty things too that could be offensive. @ CAPS1 also books that talk about drugs and people don't want to hear or read about it. but @ CAPS1 are also people who want to see or read stuff like this like old people they have different views on things that's why again @ CAPS1 should be a domain in libraries for materials like that. In conclusion, I think @ CAPS1 should listen to me and understand what I have to say because material in books, music, or magazines can be offensive to anyone. CAPS1 should be a place in the libraries for this
Censorship is an integral part of many things in the library. There are books, movies, magazines, and computers that anyone who wants to get started can do so. Kids love to go to the library to buy books and hang out with friends. Strict parents might think that books, magazines, and music are offensive and shouldn't be in the library, but that's not what everyone thinks. I think people have different views on things. There are people who think that children who see bad things will make them want to do it. Others believe that children who see these offensive things will learn from them. Another thing that people think is bad about libraries is speaking. Not everyone who goes to the library wants to just sit down and talk to no one. Most people don't go to libraries because of this. Libraries are fun to visit. You can get just about any book you want to read there. There is no reason for a parent to worry about their child reading a book that is not for their age group, as libraries are very good at having the sections labeled for groups of children. 'age. They wouldn't be able to see the book either because the staff are good at making sure it's not a book that shouldn't be read by that person. In addition, most young children who go there are always accompanied by an adult. So the parent can keep an eye on their child if they don't think they have the right to read the offending books. Parents should not let their child go to the library without them if they are afraid they are doing something or watching something wrong. Talking in libraries is always fun because you can talk about the book you are reading or just hang out. The staff and people there get upset if the kids are laughing or talking about something. I think they should create a floor where people can go, to go out and talk. In libraries there are a lot of good things to do rather than bad things, people always feel welcome. Books that people say are offensive are usually the most interesting. So if you don't want to see or have your kids see the offensive books and movies, you need to make sure you don't go to the adult section.
A library is a place to go and find books, music, and other things. It is a great resource; he has a wide variety of help for people. The question is, should anything you may have access be taken off the shelves if it is deemed offensive ? If any books, music, or anything else on the shelves has been found to be offensive, they should be removed from the shelves. They should have a section for these certain types of materials. To access certain documents you must have permission from a librarian this way, it cannot offend anyone. You're probably asking why you couldn't leave it on the shelf. You can't just leave it on a shelf because it might be offensive to someone's cultural beliefs or seem inappropriate to the young person. So that's why they should be deleted. I think they should be deleted for these various reasons. Libraries are a place to go to be used as a resource or for fun. Everyone who goes to a library should have everything they need.
Is it understandable that some books are reserved for people because of their age? No, that's not the whole situation that whether or not libraries should have things like movies, books, and CDs restricted to certain people due to their age shouldn't be a problem. My reasoning on this is not down to how @ MONTH1 is influencing people the wrong way. Again, @ MONTH1 influences them in a fantastic way. This is how people find out who they are, what interests them, what they like and what they want to do. If it hadn't been for such establishments as libraries, most people would be the same as others and would not have a sense of character on their own. People would be too similar and would have little or no difference from others. People should be aware of the contents of the books. But not to the point that these areas become restricted to certain age groups. Movies and CDs are more understandable given the graphic violence and language some musicians and actors use @ MONTH1. Except that in a book it's not what other people do and it's what you read yourself and how you interpret it. It takes more than what some people do and say to think about what you read and how you read it. This is why the whole situation with libraries whether or not certain things like movies, books and CDs restricted to a certain age group, but instead having areas labeled on what the category needs to know. before watching. So that's my point of view and my beliefs on why or why not libraries should be limited to certain people.
Many books in libraries contain profanity, it just depends on how you read and analyze the profanity. For some people, strong words help the reader understand. For others, the words are just offensive. I don't agree that most books are offensive to readers. I think they just help writers get their points across. Many children come across books with offensive language, but if they only read books that are appropriate for their age, they shouldn't have these issues. In adult books there is more offensive language, but for the eyes and ears of adults it is a different story because they hear and say maybe a lot of words that they see in these books. in any event. I think any offensive reading material should be found and sent to a certain area of the library where if you are an adult you can check out these books. It is a way to take children away from these books, from these words and to keep them " innocent ". Kids don't need to read books with offensive language anyway, but of course that depends on their guardian. It's not necessarily a bad thing to have strong language in books, as long as the reader who has the book takes it the way the writer understands it, which is most likely to help the reader. theme. Children should be kept away from these books, but they should not be completely removed from the shelves. They should just be placed in their own space so that adults can only read them.
All libraries have books for all readers, regardless of age. The books on the shelf are listed or should be listed alphabetically with the author's last name first. I think some reading material, but not all, such as books, music, movies, should be removed due to certain graphics of each reading material. Each shelf should be organized by age difference and separate from other books and / or shelves. If a child was on the right island for books their age, fewer kids would pick the wrong book. If children understood to listen and follow instructions on where to find age-appropriate books, fewer accidents of children taking the wrong book from the library would occur. If kids took out the wrong age-appropriate book I would think their parents would be responsible and take it back and get the right book for their child (ren). If parents were to take action, their child should understand that they are taking the wrong book from the library. Wouldn't children understand that if their parent had to pick up the wrong book, they would learn not to do it again? I think some reading media, but not all, such as books, music, movies and magazines should be removed due to certain graphic characteristics of each reading medium. The books on each shelf are or should be listed alphabetically with the author's last name first. All libraries have books for all readers, regardless of age.
In many libraries there are books, movies, magazines, and music that people find offensive. Some find them more offensive than others. I believe that just because someone finds these things offensive, they shouldn't be taken off the shelf. I believe so because other people @ MOIS1 are interested, we need information from library resources, and all books make people smarter. These resources are in the library for a reason. If what's on the shelves is a distraction for people, they don't have to pay attention. People can find what they like and stay away from what they don't like. For example, there are books that talk about real things that happen to real people in real life and some @ MONTH1 cannot handle the descriptive details that are given ; if it's not easy to manage, just put it back and go read something else. Everyone in this world is different and we all like different things. In addition, some books in the library are used for informational text. Students, teachers and students all over the world need a library with these kinds of books, movies, music and magazines. For example, they @ MONTH1 need these resources to help with a course or presentation. If they were deleted, they would have no way of finding their information because it was deemed offensive. Finally, all books make people smarter. Sometimes things get confused and these books help explain them better. We learn something new every day and we learn it by reading books. Not only books, but also magazines and movies are useful. Reading books helps people become stronger with their vocabulary and communication. For example, people who read more than others are usually those who enjoy being involved in plays and have no problem speaking in front of people. This is due to their intelligent reading levels. They are more likely to remember better than those who cannot read and also have a larger vocabulary. As you can see, people like different things and some are going to find these resources offensive. Additionally, books are used to help people and they make people smarter. If books, movies, and music were taken out, we wouldn't have better intelligence than today. Every human being will have a problem in one way or another and that is exactly what life is. Life comes with problems and we must learn to deal with them. In fact, that's what we need to do when these problems arise because we all have a different view of everything, but books taken off the shelves wouldn't help; they can only help us
I think people who find them offensive should just stay away from their types of books, music, movies, and magazines. Some of the books people need to know. Take consent camps on instinct, people need to learn more about them so that we can prevent this horrible event from happening again. I think letting people read these kinds of books helps us understand and learn what happened in the past. So we have to keep the books on the shelves and let people learn, otherwise we could be in danger. They can be in danger if someone is like @ PERSON1 and kills millions of Jews just because they look different. Also like slavery, just because they're a different color doesn't mean they're not human. So keeping them on shelves might help our future. Also, if you are bothered by music or movies just don't listen / watch them but let other people interested in them learn. My mom thinks scary movies shouldn't be allowed to sell in stores, but I told her that's what some people like to watch and people have to watch some to try not to leave something behind like that to happen. In conclusion, we should keep some of these bad books, music, movies and magazines on the shelves so that we fight to make horrible historical events happen again.
I don't think books, music, and magazines should be taken off the shelves. Wherever you go in the world, whether you like it or not, you are going to come in contact with things that you don't find appropriate or that you think are offensive. The world of @ TIME1 is far from perfect. One of the reasons I don't think they should be deleted is that it would be unconstitutional. Freedom of expression and the press should not be impaired. If a specific library thinks its articles are inappropriate, an easy solution would be to put those articles in a certain section of the library and warn people about what they are. The main reason I don't think books, music, and magazines should be taken off the shelves is because the world is a mean place and books are the least of your worries. Children cannot be protected all their life, they have to face reality and books are a good source. Children these days are resilient and can handle " inappropriate " content . Parents must face the fact that their children are going to be exposed to offensive things in @ TIME1's imperfect world of ours. It's just a natural part of growing up. Another contributing factor is that it would be unconstitutional to remove books and other items from the library shelves of @ LOCATION1. When the freedom of speech and press amendments were drafted, they were supposed to stay there. These are not guidelines that can be read, they are rules set in stone for the great country of @ TIME1. The folks at @ TIME1 for freedom on issues much bigger than books. Who are we to tell people what they can and cannot write. The natural opinions of people cannot and should not be ruled. I think it would be a crime against @ LOCATION1 to censor things in libraries. My final reason for not censoring libraries is that it all comes down to the people who run the library. If they think any of their articles are deep and inappropriate, just isolate them in a certain section of the library and put a disclaimer out for people. If people don't want to be offended, they should just stay away from these sections. Take responsibility for what is in these libraries which is apparently so offensive and put them in their own domain and stay away from them, don't take them out completely because who knows someone @ MOIS1 wants this book offensive. These are all opinions that support why I personally don't think libraries should be censored. The world of @ TIME1 is far from perfect and it will not become perfect by censoring libraries. In addition, the @ TIME1 law would be totally unconstitutional. Finally, all the libraries have to do is exile these items to certain areas of the libraries and issue them a warning. If the libraries were censored there would be a lot of information missing from the @ TIME1 world because there are a lot of things in the @ TIME1 world that are "offensive" to at least someone.
I believe in libraries there are some materials that should not be taken off the shelves, even if they are offensive, because if someone doesn't like that particular item, they can always go and get another one. I went to a library and nothing at all was offensive to me or anyone else. If you don't like the library showing all "OFFENSIVE" items, you don't have to go, it's a personal choice. Everyone has their own choice of what to list or read, it doesn't matter as long as that particular person likes that sort of thing. This is what I believe in
Everything is offensive to someone. There is no way to make sure no one is offended unless you have nothing to offend at all. If there is something on the shelf, someone may find something offensive on it. here is a good scenario; there is a children's book. It's one of the greatest books ever written, but it was written before the Civil War and it contains a racist commentary. @ CAPS1 goodbye to this book. Some people would probably think that '@ CAPS1 is just a children's book. I am sure we will survive. @ CAPS1 allows you to move on to a bigger idea. What happens when someone says the Bible is offensive? @ CAPS1 it's gone, but now his supporters say all other people's religion is offensive. It's still a few pounds. Now we have violence. Moderate censorship is okay for young people, but there is a limit, though sometimes hard to find. Obscenity images that are illegal for a minor to see are okay, but those that are legal should be viewed without censorship. Censorship for those who understand is unacceptable, although there are elements that need to be looked at with scrutiny. It is not acceptable to strip a person's rights. The government @ LOCATION1 has given people freedoms. One of those freedoms is freedom of speech. It basically means that I can say what I want and support what I want. A book is a form of speech. Although some speeches are looked down upon, they should not be censored. Censorship simply says; 'you can't say that.' It goes to ; 'you can't say.' then; 'you don't have a say.' In developing countries like Congo, if you go to the government and say what it is doing wrong and you are against it, try to guess what is going on. They shoot you. A better word for that would be if they censor you. If you write a book about how Obama could be a better president, but someone finds it offensive, what happens. They censor you. Now you don't have a say because the Obama supporters don't want you to. Do you see a lot of difference? Supervision is a powerful thing. Guess what it can do better than censorship. With supervision, kids can still learn about topics but aren't just thrown into obscene areas of it. A person is a human being. This includes children. They have the right to learn without the influence of others, but censorship deprives them of this right. Censorship should not be used in libraries. It takes away freedoms and opportunities from children. It causes violence between people. It marks culture and ignores religion. While censorship has the ability to do more damage than any other person, it is not " bad ." Censorship was created to protect people from things they think are wrong. But good intentions do not rule out bad consequences.
With new stuff coming out these days, me @ PERSON1 think all things in libraries should have some organization for certain topics. I am not asking for any removal or destruction of books, magazines, or anything in libraries, but I am asking for a fair hearing of my opinion. I would like more organization for some things, I know people have their own ideas of what should be in a book. These books found in a library can bring pleasure to people, but can sometimes offend others. So with that way, I would really like if there was a ladder, or an organization of the books. So with that, people who don't like certain topics could easily stay away from books they don't like. If there is a scale factor for those books, music, magazines, or movies, you can just have a number or letter symbolizing certain categories. Even though, personally, I think it's a little worse than a different organization, it would at least have worn people out of these things. If you had to decide this way it would be better, then less plaintive people would want all the books destroyed. I think it would be better to organize the books differently. It would be a lot of work, but thinking of a mother with a child could easily pull her away from books that the mother wouldn't even touch. I wouldn't want books to be taken out of libraries. This is because if you start removing one from the library that my offense to someone, I think you will start removing more than one. With that thought, I think everyone will be complaining about a certain book in the library or no library at all. So please, please think about organizing books, magazines, movies, music, and more, that won't happen in the future. Thanks for taking the time to read this, hope you can find a way to delve deeper into this topic. Also, maybe publish some too, in the newspaper.
Do you think everyone should have their own beliefs? Do you think everyone should express themselves through their own culture or have their own opinions? Where is this place where you can experience it all? In a library, no one can judge you for your beliefs, culture, or opinions. In a library, you have the right to have an open mind. I believe that any type of books, music, movies, magazines or any other material should not be taken off the shelves if it is found to be offensive. Everyone is different and has their own beliefs and understandings. For example, if someone went to the library and bought a book about the famous and deceased @ PERSON1, and the other person didn't like @ PERSON1 and didn't understand their cultural background, they would be offended to find that book. on the bookshelf. If everyone had a say in what books or other materials put on library shelves, we wouldn't have libraries. If everyone kept their opinions to themselves in the libraries, everyone could probably stay happy and have no arguments. Everyone could express themselves on a daily basis, in their own way
Material that people think shouldn't be seen by children, in my opinion, shouldn't be taken off the library shelves just for this reason. The library is not only for children but also for adults. Children are exposed to many things that are not right for them every day, whether at home, at school or even when they are in public. So why modify the library just for the kids, when you don't even modify the audience for them? I think if certain materials are not suitable for certain ages, children should be closely supervised on what they are pulling from the shelves. Pulling something off a shelf just because a parent doesn't want their child to see, hear, or look at it isn't suitable for older people who come to the library. Another reason I don't agree with taking things out is that removing things that are not suitable for a child is like saying we should take children's things off the shelves because adults don't. have no use for it. There are always many ways to meet both the needs of a child and the needs of an adult in a library, while keeping children away from what they shouldn't be reading. Most children are so amused by their own material in the library that they don't care about the stuff of adults. If everything a parent did not want their child to see was taken away on their own, then there would be no use for the elderly coming to the library. Their only clients would be the kids, and that wouldn't be a big deal, because the parents wouldn't want to stay because they wouldn't have anything to entertain them just yet. There are always ways to make both sides of the issue fair. I just don't think removing material that isn't suitable for children is the right thing to do.
Personally, I don't think there should be any censorship in books entering a @ CAPS1. I think it's wrong to do that, because any book should be read, no matter what is said in it. Anyone who has a problem with something just shouldn't read it and leave it alone. Now, I didn't really see anything offensive, but read something in words that I was sort of surprised to see. But nothing that I found personally offensive. Books are there for their own use, and that's another reason authors put them out there for the public to think about.
During this lifetime we will all have our own opinions on the topics and problems of the world. There is a question stuck in my head. Is censorship in libraries a problem or a right? If I were a parent, I think I could understand why I want a book to be taken off a shelf, but the point is, it's unconstitutional to do so. This is why, in my opinion, censorship in libraries should not be out loud. When I was twelve, once in the library, I was reading the spine of a book, and my mom walked up to me and said this book was a little too graphic for me to read. . It was @ CAPS1. Now that I'm older, I understand why my mom wouldn't want me to read a book like this at this age. This is one of the reasons I can understand why someone would want to take a book off a shelf, but they can't because this book is here to remind us why we should never have another war again. global. I also believe that everyone has the right to have an opinion on why something should or should not be done. One thing I have observed is that when kids read bad stuff and watch bad stuff it can really have a big impact on their life like what they do in the future and in the present. This reason in itself is a very good explanation of why I think that instead of censoring books, there should be some type of limit posted on what types of books should be read beyond a certain age, or if the child wants to read a certain type of the book, the child must have a legal gurdian with him at that time. That being said, I have come up with what I think is a really good idea on what should be done in libraries. I think any book that has something a little bit appropriate should be placed in a section that is categorized as movies. If something has a bit of inappropriate language like swear words, these books should be put in a section for people over thirteen, just like a movie. Basically the books will be divided into sections based on their rating, just like a movie. If the book is rated @ CAPS2, you must be over seventeen to read it. This idea could be a very good solution, in this way no books would be taken away, but also these books will be kept out of danger for children. Honestly if I were a parent I wouldn't want my kids to indulge in reading books about sex, violence and vulgarity, but I also think we all have our own opinion and have the right to to be able to read and see what we want. I think we all need to think about things that have been done in the past that have had huge benefits for our country. Our four fathers over a hundred years ago wrote a document called @ CAPS3 from @ ORGANIZATION1. This document contains changes. These amendments state that we have the right to speak, to have opinions and to read whatever we want because we should have the right to live a free life. Taking books off the shelves is unconstitutional, and I don't know about you, but I know that all the people who have gone against the constitution have not found a great place in this world. My basic belief is, why take a book off the shelf, when we can impervise so that everyone is happy? If the world just got over the hard things in the books, we could all find a solution. There is an answer to that, books are not to be burned, they are masterpieces. Censorship cannot continue in libraries or there will be no more books.
I think books that contain nudity, swearing, or gang violence should be put on an adult shelf or taken down for good. They show children things that they shouldn't see or do when they are growing up. They are simply not appropriate. No child should know about drugs, sex, or especially gang violence. This is stuff they should never even find out. So I think we should take these books off the shelves, if people want to read them, they can go buy a copy.
NO, I am thinking of books and ect. should withdraw if they are offensive ! It is a free country and they have their will for free speech. No one can think for anyone so everyone will have their opinion. As long as it is appropriate for the environment and its surroundings, there should be no problems. If we took away the books that people said offended, we wouldn't have any more books. Everyone has their own opinion on things and different points of view. It is very likely that someone is offended. In some cases, it allows a person to better understand what they are doing to be offended. Some offensive stuff is part of @ CAPS1 and shows how things have progressed from yesterday to today. What is a child without @ CAPS1 ? Out of all the people who should be angry or think they should be offended, there is @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3, but they don't complain about books etc, so no one should. You know as well as I do that most films are about how we were whipped and sold into slavery. Books on how only a few of us have done it. Magazines about how we make love and we kill each other. Papper tells how black communities fail. So, in my opinion, no book should be taken off the shelves if it is found to be offensive in it. It was before we got here and when we leave it will continue. It's outside of @ CAPS1 and there's no better way to discover things if you can't see it for yourself. People always say that children should read more. What should you read if you delete all the books that are offensive ?
I believe that certain books, films, music and magazines should be taken off the shelves, to those they offend. I myself have not encountered any books, films or music that have offended me. I think maybe we should organize our books, movies and music in a different way. First of all, people who are offended by certain books and movies need to speak up and do something. Find a way to strike a happy medium. If everyone could get a certain movie or book off the shelf, there wouldn't be any left in my opinion. If people find this offensive, they should stay away from certain types of books or movies. Second, there are people like me who are not at all offended by these books, music and films. It's not fair for those like me not to be able to read, listen or watch what we want. If someone doesn't like the movie we love and they take it down, it's not fair and businesses will lose customers. Finally, strike a balance between the offended and people like me. I believe we could organize our books, movies, music and magazines in a different way. Instead of being organized by author, they should be organized by age. Just like movies rated @ CAPS1 or video games rated @ CAPS2. Books and music can also be organized in this passion. It would be easier for offended people to stay away from those they don't want to be around. In conclusion, I think allowing a person to take a certain book, movie, or @ CAPS3 off a shelf is not very smart. First, it is not fair to people who are not offended. Second, businesses will lose customers. Three, there is a better way to solve this problem
Dear Editor-in-Chief I recently encountered a situation that made me quite uncomfortable in my local library, I saw a rather graphic magazine displayed in front of the entire library. Now I know that these magazines are, for some, a point of interest, but for others, they seem a little rude. It has also come to my attention that magazines are not the only form of rude merchandise on individuals at our local libraries. They're also littered with movies, books, graphic posters, and what I find to be explicit music. I know it would be unreasonable of me to request the removal of the murchandise, but I would like to post a compromise that might come into play. What I believe to be rude, @ MONTH1 to some is acceptable, but why should I be wrong comfortable in a public place, while the other is not phased. I believe that I have found a very simple compromise, which would be beneficial to me, while keeping the merchandise available. Now, most should know that there are children's sections in most, if not all, libraries. So I say this, and if we were to put all of the explicit material in its own section, that way customers looking for material now know they should go and get it. That way, I think it would reduce the discomfort of going to our public library. The benefits of this compromise seem endless to me. This way, children find themselves in a safe environment to choose their books, and adults who find it self-explanatory have a comfortable environment in which to enjoy their trip to the library. While I'm not trying to benefit those looking for the material, I think it would. That way, all the material they want can be found in one place, and they won't have to search the entire library to find it. I think I speak for the most part when I say that our public libraries should be a safe and family environment, not only for children, but for those who wish to benefit from their library experience. Thank you for your time, @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 @ PERSON1
"We can all think of a book that we hope none of our children or other children have taken off the shelves." @ CAPS1 does that mean good, I guess it means if it's a book on the shelf, they probably don't want their kids to get their hands on it. Maybe parents should look at the books first, or maybe they should have taken them off the shelf. I think all books that contain shocking items should be taken off the shelves. If I had to take books off the shelves, it would just be the shocking sci-fi books. If @ CAPS3 is based on a true story and @ CAPS3 is offensive, that should be understood anyway because @ CAPS3 is part of the story. Everyone needs to hear it because @ CAPS3 is true. If I had to remove music from the shelves, it would only be the ones with a lot of foul language. For movies, kids should only watch movies rated @ CAPS2 and nothing else. For magazines, children should not read magazines, they should be taken off the shelves. The experiences I had with all of these things as a kid were that my parents never let me say anything or listen in foul language. But I could read any book I wanted. It was in a book @ CAPS3 not like I can take @ CAPS1 this bad lie. I think @ PERSON1 says she wants to keep all the books on the shelf because she said "you also have exactly the same right and that's all the others too. And then we have no more books. on the shelf for neither of us. I think the point can go somewhere else because she says everyone has the same rights. And then she declares that we won't have any more books left. I think that means that every book is bad if it says @ CAPS1, I think it says. It's a way to leave books, music, movies, magazines etc on the shelves. Like I said in the first paragraph, parents need to be more careful with their kids. And not @ CAPS1 reading them. To sum up, I say take them off the shelves.
In a library, censorship must be controlled by the people who use that library. If it is a public library, visitors should have the right to choose which books to put on the shelf. Libraries should not remove books from shelves because of one person's beliefs, no libraries should take all books and give them a rating once they have that only the reader should decide whether the book, the music, movies, magazines, etc. , are offensive to them. Of course, there are books that adults @ MONTH1 don't want their child to read and then they should talk to the librarian and set a limit on the rating of the book their child can view. By organizing the books this way, anyone can read whatever they want, even if there are books they don't want to read or even see on the shelf, they have to stop for a minute. and realizing that one of the books he likes may not be the case for someone else. want on the shelf. Ultimately, the books that are on the shelves are the library's choice because they are the ones who buy the books. so to avoid a power struggle in this way, a committee should be set up to decide which books to buy. you will still have to deal with people who don't want a certain type of book, but these people will just have to deal with it. The books on the library's banned books list must also be in the library, the books are only books, whether or not you read them is your choice. The only exception to this rule should be in school libraries, as it is the money from the schools that buys the books that the administration or school board should choose which books will go to the library. In short, my take on book censorship is that the library will choose which books go into the library. To make things easier, books should have a rating system that would be the national standard for all public libraries. Like I said before books are just books, it's your choice to read them
Do you think offensive books, magazines or films should be taken off the shelves in stores and libraries ? In my opinion, I think the boss or manager of the stores should remove any books, magazines or movies from the shelves of stores and libraries that are offensive to adults and children. Today I am going to let you know @ NUM1 reasons why boss or managers should remove books, magazines or movies from store shelves and libraries that are offensive to some people and children. One of the reasons the boss and managers should remove books, magazines, or movies from store shelves and libraries is that sometimes kids go to stores and when parents are about to pay what they pay. 'they go to buy, kids always get a magazine or a book and start reading it and probably the magazine or the book has something unpleasant or inappropriate for the kids and they shouldn't be looking at it and parents don't not care what their children are looking at. Another reason why the boss and managers should remove books, magazines, or films from shelves in stores and labs is that for some people, when they look at the covers of magazines or books and see a image of their culture or traditions and the people who wrote the magazine or book wrote something about their culture or tradition that the person thinks it was not right or might not be true what they have written about their culture or tradition and the person might get angry or insulted about what they have read about their culture or tradition. My last reason why the boss or managers should take books, magazines, or movies off the shelves of stores and libraries is when I go to the labs and see these little kids looking at the books or magazines and magazines look mean or inappropriate I get questionable and in my mind I said " why the boss or managers don't take books or magazines off the shelves if they look mean or inappropriate and this could be something bad to show them. While libraries should be good for children / teens and adults to study in libraries, they should not have offensive books or magazines. In conclusion, I think the boss or manager of the stores or libraries should remove books, magazines or movies from the shelves of stores and libraries, as they might be offensive to some people and more so to their children. I have already explained why the boss and the manager should remove the books or magazines from the shelves of stores and libraries
I don't think they should take a book away because it was given to us in the first place. Also, I don't think they should take them out as it helps us learn what other people have been through in their lifetimes. Look at it and try to live life as you would in another person's shoes. Try to see where they are from and their lifestyle. look at it and if it's okay i would take it and read it for a long time because i want to know what happens next in the book. So I keep reading and reading and like in the middle of the story my teacher makes me stop reading. I would read as long as it takes, but this has to be the right book for me. kinds of books, sports to sad emotional books. I like to read aloud to myself, it helps me understand a little better.
There should not be any style of censorship in @ LOCATION1. I firmly believe that our country is the best because the law and the constitution allow us to have our own ideals, likes and even dislikes. I understand that libraries are a place for all people of all ages, but I don't think they should censor what they put on their shelves. In the United States, we are known to accept all types of lifestyles and religions; this is one of the reasons I think censorship is against @ CAPS1 policy. One of the things that triggered our countries to secede from @ LOCATION2 was censorship. @ CAPS2 would not allow colony newspapers to speak badly of him or his ideas and policies ; that is why, when the United States was formed, @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 incorporated freedom of ideals and expression into the constitution. I do, however, agree with some censorship. The film and song rating system is a form of censorship that I think is necessary. without this form of censorship, little children would be out loud to see and hear things they are not ready for. It is also a good way for people to decide if they would like to experience the ideas and language presented by the material being evaluated. I think there should be a notation system (or explanatory system) present in libraries. Instead of completely removing conservation books from the shelves, we should instead put a warning on them. I am convinced that I have the right as @ CAPS1 to read and experience any type of book, music, news item or image that I would like to see. If we start to restrict what @ CAPS5 is allowed to see, we start to lose our freedom ; we become like those who live in communist countries where you only see what the government wants you to see. The statement made by Katherine Paterson greatly supports my ideals; in particular 'And then we don't have any books on the shelf for any of us'. This sentence shows that if we started pulling or restricting the things that people find offensive, there would be nothing left to read or enjoy. Censorship in @ LOCATION1 is a direct violation of our constitution. I believe in, if it bothers you or upsets you, don't read it. By doing this we can get rid of the censorship and fully enjoy all of our rights as @ CAPS5. We also allow our right to be informed to be exercised.
Movies, books, music, magazines, and more all have their own unique way of expressing content based on what the author is talking about. If the author chooses to write something that you don't necessarily agree with or that offends you, then don't read or watch this material. Everyone is entitled to their own opinions. They can do and say whatever they want. Something these @ MONTH1 opions have consequences, but you can still write whatever material you want. As an author, you are providing a book to the public, if that goes that far. When a book is published it is sent to a library that way you can choose to read it if you want. I book should not be taken off the shelf if anyone finds it offensive. Someone else @ MONTH1 does not find this offensive and might actually appreciate this reading material. When a movie is shot and it's '@ CAPS1 @ CAPS2' or it's offensive to someone, people just aren't going to see that movie. They keep playing it because someone @ MOIS1 has different feelings about the movie. If you find a movie, magazine, or even a book offensive, don't read or watch it. Someone else @ MONTH1 appreciates something you don't like. Not everyone today will agree on what is offensive and what is not. You can't always make everyone happy. If the book becomes a problem and the majority of people think it's offensive, then yes, maybe it should be talked about taking it off the shelves. If you think a book or movie is offensive, you have the right not to watch or read it. If anyone else wants to read or view the document, they have the right to do so as well. If something is offensive it's a personal choice to think so, so why take it off the shelf when they just haven't read it ?
Censorship is a controversial subject. Some think it is necessary, others disagree. My personal opinion would be that censorship is unnecessary. Everyone is entitled to what they believe, and others must be mature enough to accept it. Censorship is not necessary because if you are offended by certain documents, do not read or listen to them. It's that simple. Anyone can be offended by something, so if anything that was deemed offensive to someone was deleted, nothing would be left. If things were organized into sections that indicated how offensive the material was, chances are almost everything would be in the offensive section. Because the censorship is contradictory, there are a lot of different thoughts on the subject. It ranges from no censorship to complete censorship, my point of view is just one of many. Censorship is really all about maturity and how a person treats material. The only person who can let you offend is yourself so there is no need for censorship in the library, people just need to be mature about it.
I think they should remove it if the public thinks it's offensive. I think it should be for everything. If something offends you, you should talk about it. I'm not saying it will have to be taken care of all the time, but you might be lucky and someone could fix it so that you don't get offended all the time. Growing up at home, dad always told me if I didn't like something then don't do it, unless it's something that needs to be done then I should. So when something happens that I don't like, either I change my ways or I avoid anything. I'm changing my habits enough though. Sometimes that's a bad thing, but who hasn't made a mistake or two ? It's really hard for me to put things right because I don't care what other people think. So I really don't take offense. However, I know some people who are easily offended. I try to stay away from them because you have to be careful what you say all the time. To me that's no fun, I mean come on man you gotta be able to play a joke. If more people were easy going, I wouldn't write this essay. I bet there would be a lot less droma but I don't know. If you know of a book, a movie, anything that offends you or might offend you, don't reread it. It might not offend the next reader. They might really like the book or whatever. All you have to do is stay away from whatever is bothering you. After a while you will forget about it. Guess if that really bothered you, and there were a lot more people feeling the same about the same thing, then yes delete it. If there are only a handful of people saying they are offended I would just say sorry to them, but more people like it the better so it will stick.
I don't think anything is really offensive so I wouldn't really care what they have on the shelves. I'm not easily distressed so I don't know what would be offensive, but I guess black people would be offensive for a Rasist book? I don't think porn or anything involving nudity should be used in school libraries because some parents are very struck by this stuff and it's very inappropriate for school. I think some parents get the better of what's inappropriate and what isn't. Libraries that are just public libraries are totally different and should be able to have any movie and any book. That shouldn't be a big deal of what it is. If people don't like it, they don't need to watch it too much or get it. So I think this library should have all kinds of different books and movies. If people don't like it, they can leave and don't care too much. This is what I also have to say about this problem. I hope that has changed or has proswaed you a little
Personally, I think there are some materials that are deemed offensive that should not be taken off the shelves. I think this is because it is the responsibility of parents to keep track of what their children read, watch or listen to. You cannot walk away from things that are offensive to some, and everyone has a right to do whatever they want. The number one reason I don't think offensive material should be taken off the shelves is that it's a parent's duty to watch what their children are doing. If parents don't want their kids to watch this stuff then they should keep it out of reach. I've heard some parents claim that they didn't know what the material looked like, but that's why they made warnings. That's not an excuse. The second reason for not removing offensive material is that there is no way to get around it. These days, material that is offensive to some is everywhere. Shows, movies and music, they all have something that is not suitable for all audiences. In addition, children will discover this offensive material in their lifetime anyway. If they don't hear about it in movies or magazines, they probably hear about it in school. Nowadays, children are learning things earlier and earlier. The third reason why offensive material should not be taken off the shelves is that everyone has the right to read or listen to what they want. It is up to them to decide what they want to watch, not everyone. They should be able to go to a place and buy something that they want to watch and not be asked about it. This is why I don't think the offensive material should be removed. It is the responsibility of the parents, we cannot do without it, and everyone has the right to do what they want. One way to help resolve this issue is to move the offending material to a higher shelf. This would make parents of young children happy, but also people wishing to see this material happy. That way you don't remove it completely, but make it harder for younger audiences.
How can writing be offensive? Many @ CAPS1 find written profanity or violence to be very offensive. Still others find that these things make their writing more interesting. Writing can cover all aspects of life and give us ideas like racism and other inappropriate thoughts. It looks like in today's writing you can pick up just about anything and someone will find it offensive. This means that if we censored our libraries to the extreme, there would be no more books. It's exactly as Katherine Paterson says in the quote, "... so we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us." @ CAPS1 cannot deny that books and all other writing put ideas in our heads. This idea is a seed and we can choose to water that seed and let it grow or kill it. I believe we have a choice to exclude or deny these offensive ideas in our heads. If we find anything offensive, just put the book down and use that better judgment. We know what is right so we decide what is correct to read. Everyone sees things differently. What about children, can we trust their best judgment? I'm afraid children don't have as much judgment as older adults. The responsibility for judgment rests more with the parents of that child than with the libraries. Libraries place children's books in a certain section to make sure they find books that are appropriate for their age. Both adults and children can find books that suit them and don't offend them. If libraries were to censor, it would deny us our rights and our freedom to clearly express our thoughts without a veil being placed to confuse it. As a country, we were built from the radical and offensive things written on @ CAPS2. These words are what drove us to become an independent country. Just think if they would have censored those ideas. Would we still be @ LOCATION1 today ? This is not to censor our reading, but to use our best judgment.
In today's society, it's easy to find little things that offend people, whether it's politics or religion. The truth is, no one is able to keep everyone happy. A major debate today would be that of the media. Should people have the right to remove books, music, movies or magazines from our shelves because they are deemed offensive to a person ? The answer is no. Three important reasons support this answer: freedom of speech, freedom of the press, and knowing that anyone can find something offensive. When @ LOCATION1 was finally released from @ CAPS1, a main goal was to have our freedom of speech. It was a great success for @ ORGANIZATION1. Allowing people to remove material from our shelves would break the one rule we've worked so hard for. Today, people rely on the ability to speak up to be part of their government. Another law that @ CAPS2 appreciates is freedom of the press. Being allowed to write what they feel is what @ LOCATION1 is practically based on. Without it, wouldn't we be back to the old ways that @ CAPS3 fought to change ? This is a question you need to think about when making this important decision. Finally, a huge impact on this decision is knowing that everyone has an opinion on something. It is easy to find someone who is offended by the smallest of things. What happens when a person decides to find @ CAPS4 offensive to their religion ? Do we take it off the shelves and tell @ CAPS5 sorry ? If we decided to allow this, would there even be books, movies, music, or even magazines for us ? It's easy to assume just to take a book off the shelves because it's offensive to you, but what happens when we allow everyone to do that ? Therefore, when making a decision on how to handle this, it will take a lot more thought than a few days. We must remember the rights granted to us as @ CAPS3 ; freedom of speech and freedom of the press, and we must always think about how this will affect our future generations.
From a student's perspective, books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should not be taken off shelves just because of the material they contain. I read, watch, and listen to things my parents don't like every day, but it hasn't changed who I am today. You can't escape things like drugs, sex, and other explicit things that we might not want our kids to read. It's in society. These things are everywhere, and just removing these materials from the shelves won't solve the problem. I think we have the freedom to read, listen or watch whatever we want, and removing those things takes away our freedom. I think books, music, movies, magazines, etc. unsuitable items should not be removed from the shelves. The '@ CAPS1' articles are everywhere in the company. It's everywhere you look. Billboards, billboards, books, magazines, music, TV, movies, etc., but removing things like books, movies, music, and magazines from shelves will not stop inappropriate behavior. Everyone in society is always going to act this way, whether you can keep your kids from hearing about it or not. You still have advertisements, billboards, etc. What are you going to do ? Ban your children from life in general? No, I do not think so. Reading, listening, learning, about this stuff won't make your child a horrible person. Personally, I think at a certain age they need to know this stuff. For example, I am a good student, I behave well outside of school, I have good friends and I get along well with my family. I have also read each of @ PERSON1's books. They are all about people who use drugs, who are suicidal, and who do things of a sexual nature. These books are extremely good. Certainly the best books I've ever read, but reading these books hasn't changed who I am. I don't do drugs, I'm not into sex, so why would it hurt if I read books about it? In my experience, reading these things is really helpful. It takes you further into things. Everyone knows the basic learning you get in school, which is extremely @ CAPS2. Reading those books, listening to that kind of music, and watching that kind of movie, takes on a whole different point of view. Going back to my experience with the @ PERSON1 books, you read stories based on his life and relationship with his daughter. Crank, @ CAPS3 and @ CAPS4 is a trilogy of books that show the life of @ LOCATION1. You see the struggle, pain and pain the family goes through as @ PERSON2 begins to walk with the monster, also known as @ CAPS5. Reading these books makes me realize that I never want to submit to what @ PERSON2 does to herself and her family. It gives a whole new take on things. After reading these, I believe I will never do " offensive " things . From my experiences as a student, I don't think there is a need to remove offensive material from the shelves. This gives a deeper insight into the information on these things. Plus, you can't escape explicit material. These things are a part of life, something that you cannot run away from and hide from. You just have to accept the fact that he is there and that he is not going away. If you think your kids are going to start doing these kinds of things after reading them, talk to them about it. You cannot protect your children from offensive content. At least not forever
I belive that Thier should @ CAPS3 be sesorship because we live in @ LOCATION1, @ CAPS1 belive in freedom and what I do for, sensorship is @ CAPS3 the way.my thoughts on people who find a book offensive slould @ CAPS3 read the book if Thay I heard it was a bad book or he liked the look of the cover, that's their problem, don't spoil it for anyone who loves the book. let's say if two people found a book offensive, five people liked the dose of the book, that means it should be deleted. What if one of those five people and your favorite book were gone and you ask why and the librarian would say "well two people reported the book to be offensive so it got deleted" @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 a delivery man but once at school we read a book in class called farenhite @ NUM1 I thought it was a good book for the time I think some people wanted to ban the book and some people have it do. if you walk into a library you expect to see a lot of different ideas that's because it's freedom and perfection @ CAPS3. So what @ CAPS2 is saying is that it should come up with a new librareis system if the majority of people report a book offense and they don't want their kids to see it, then they should separate those books. , movies, magazines, etc., from anything els @ CAPS3, delete them. A Message To These People - If you are one of those people who find a photo book offensive you should know where they are and stay out of this side of the library .that's my thoughts and views on sesorship in them libraries.
Many of us have been to the library once in our life, but have you ever had a day where you took your little kids to the library and they picked up a book or magazine and saw something that you? were not very satisfied? Well, a lot of us have. Should the library have any books, magazines, or even movies that offend your kids, little siblings, or friends ? The public library should allow everyone to come and do whatever they have to do, not see a picture of napket or anything that may be offensive to you or your grandchildren. Now, we can do something about it. Having bad pictures in a book or magazine can be bad for children and even young people like us, as many young teens can suffer bad censorship. Books, magazines, and even movies that contain offensive images or people without clothes should be removed from public library shelves. A lot of parents don't want their kids to go to the library and look at some really shocking pictures. They also don't want them to watch movies that can give them bad influences. In the library there should be good books, magazines and funny movies. People who work in the library should remove all bad items. Allowing all the photos and films from the basket to the library will allow some teens to have bad ideas. That's why libraries should remove all of those books, movies, magazines, and even music! Lots of seniors @ MONTH1 think it's not fair to them. Well, they should know that it can harm their children and it can teach them bad things as well. Some old people @ MONTH1 think differently and others @ MONTH1 think the same. Many parents don't want their kids to see bad pictures or watch bad movies or books. That is why removing these items is good for many children and young teens who are just learning how to have a boy / girlfriend.
Libraries are public for a reason, and that is to interest people with different types of entertainment. I know some people have their opinions on things, but that's why there are variations because every person is different. In my opinion, no, I don't think certified materials should be banned because they @ MONTH1 have more mature content than others think is appropriate. Disagree with me, that's fine, but have you ever stopped to think about issues like this ? I'm going to list a few reasons with explanations for my opinion as I think they @ MOIS1 point out some good concepts on why I don't think they should be banned. First, in today's society, everyone has different views and opinions about things that should be discussed. The public has the right to be entertained in any way they want and with any material or subject they want. To take away their entertainment would be to tell them that they can't wear whatever clothes they like, or drive the car they want. If you were to walk into a library and see a topic that doesn't match your standards or interests, you should just go out and find a more suitable topic for yourself. Some people see things in a totally different way than you do, @ CAPS1 just because you don't like different styles of entertainment doesn't mean someone else doesn't. Second, you would take jobs away from a lot of people who love what they do. People have a problem with certain content in books or movies, but sometimes it's based on how an author feels, or even what their life is like. Others write about real life events, things that happen to normal people every day, that should be examined for people to write down their stories for the whole world to see. To criticize subjects of entertainment is to devalue different forms of art. Pretty much what people feel is that it's not okay to have a mature subject discussed in a book but in a painting it's very hypocritical. Finally, if the material published today was wanted on the shelves of a library, why would it even be printed and sold to people all over the world ? It's because there are people who like it and have no problem at all and like me it doesn't bother at all. In my opinion, I don't think any form of entertainment should be banned or removed from society in any way because you would take people's joy.
In libraries, is censorship really necessary? I think there should be some censorship to some extent. Libraries are usually pretty good at sorting things out. I mean they use @ ORGANIZATION1 in every library I've been to. But even when they sort books, music, and magazines by subject, there is still something offensive that can fit into that subject as well. I remember when I was seven or eight years old, I went to the library all the time with my mother. I realized I was getting too old for the "children's book section" so I ventured into places I've never been before. Any island of books was open to everyone, I felt like I had the world in the palm of my hand. Most of the books were too mature for me anyway, but I went through them all anyway. I mean, it was something very new to me; almost like an adventure. Then I stumbled upon the music. There were so many inappropriate titles, cover art and even band names. But it piqued my curiosity. I remember thinking to myself, " Were books that way too ?" " I soon found out that yes, they were. There were even doctor's books with graphic images. The worst were the expletive books I found. Innocence in the library was gone. I think libraries should have a different section for older and more mature people; without counting the children. Some people love books and will open any book just to read or look at the pictures. Libraries need to realize this. I was once that little kid who opened the wrong book at the wrong time. In conclusion, I think libraries should have at least some censorship. I understand that people appreciate the books and music that once terrorized me, but I think there should be something about it
The quote from author Katherine Paterson is very true, I believe if we removed everything that offended us in the world, there would really be nothing in the world to contemplate. I remember when I was younger and just got out of school one night and decided to go downtown to our city library, I needed a book for my school holocaust project and I remember one of the ladies who worked there telling me that the book should be taken off the shelves because it was offensive to Jews. At first I was a little outraged that she would tell the person checking the book that it should be taken off the shelves mainly because since I am the one who is going to read it, why would you complain about that? in the first addition, it is more offensive to tell the person that he should not read the book he wants to read when it is for the Jew. Another time something like this happened was when I was in @ ORGANIZATION1 and one of the customers complained about a religious magazine that they shouldn't be selling out loud because some of the articles were very offensive to people of certain religions. The client who complained was taken straight to the manager's office because he actually tore a few magazines in half, talked about having issues, anyway the client got kicked out to say the least and had to pay for the magazines they destroyed as well. There have been many times in my life that someone has decided to speak out about their aversion to something and although they have made a good point, they are missing a few important things, one of which is the fact that most of the things people complain about that need to be taken off the shelves have something to do with the story and another thing is that there aren't enough people complaining about it. But the quote from Katherine Paterson is like a knock on the door, it talks about what might happen if we take everything off our shelves that is offensive to others and when I read this quote the first thing that occurs to me is. 'mind is another quote,' @ CAPS1 speaks louder than words'
My take on @ MOIS1 censorship is not what others think it is. With a good understanding of what the majority of people would consider inappropriate, it is easier to assess which books should be placed on the shelves. While many @ MONTH1 people think a certain book is appropriate, others @ MONTH1 disagree. That is why it would be better to create a scoring system. With a system for rating books, movies, magazines, and other materials in a library, parents would have a better understanding of what they want their child to read or watch. If there is vulgar language inside the book, it can be tagged with a rating and an explanation of why the book is rated as it is. This way, if there are any complaints about the item, the library will not be blamed. Personally, I don't think you should get rid of materials because of other people's complaints. I think the books could be kept, but tagged or even placed in a different section of the shelves to indicate that they @ MONTH1 are more inappropriate than normal. What happens when a student needs a compulsory book for their class and the book is banned for " improper use " ? There is no way to satisfy everyone, but with this system a lot of problems would be solved. My take on @ MOIS1 censorship is not what others believe, but removing perfectly written books is not fair. Disagreement isn't the easiest thing, but just because it's difficult doesn't mean you have to give up. The scoring system would reduce complications and help others to be more free in their decisions
Books are gateways to other worlds. Today there are books on almost any topic anyone could dream of. People use books to take their minds off their problems and take a trip somewhere outside of themselves. However, the content of some books is not always appropriate. Schools try to provide books that appeal to all audiences, but this ability is hampered by the ban on bookshelf books. Students cannot read a book just because someone else has not approved the content. It is unfair and should be stopped. Students should have the right to choose what they want to read, but some people want to take that away from students. Students are also able to make choices about what is appropriate for them to read. If lawmakers give in to complaints from a few people, it could hamper the rights of students and make them believe they are not trusted. The content of what goes into a book belongs to the author. Which books someone decides to read depends on that particular reader. Sometimes the authors go into detail to get their point across or have a book with very mature content. Now, some people think that because a book is inappropriate for them, it shouldn't be available to read at all. This is unfair not only to any potential reader of this book, but also to the author who worked hard to write this book. Students are smarter than many people think. They know what they should and shouldn't read, but if the choice of what to read is left to other people, they feel betrayed and untrustworthy. Students have as many rights as people who do not go to school. If books are taken off the shelves based on the opinions of a few people, their rights are violated by people who have deemed it inappropriate. Now the freedom of students to choose what they want to read is gone, and all that remains are books chosen worthy by other people. Fees are guaranteed to students from the moment they enter school, but now fees are slowly being taken away from students. The right to choose which book they read is a right that should not be taken. As author Katherine Paterson put it, “If I have the right to take a book off the shelf, this work that I abhor, then you have exactly the same right and everyone else too. And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us. If one person says they think a book should be taken out, then another person wants another book taken out, to the point where there are no books left, then how will students be able to read a book? day ? Books are essential for the growth of students into adulthood. If people get the right to take books off the shelves, music, movies, and magazines will also be taken off the shelves. Books are for any reader who decides he wants to go into this world. Students have the right to choose what books to read, as well as the ability to know what to read. Books should stay in their place, in schools on the shelves.
Do you think there are certain books and magazines that should not be displayed in libraries? Well here is my take. I think libraries shouldn't have certain books because of racism, violence etc. One, because there are young children reading books all over the library, and two because of books and magazines because of racism and ect. may be offensive to others. What would you think of your kids reading things like this? This is something that a child does not need to know from an early age. So that's my point of view
There are many materials in libraries that are offensive to some people. I don't think they should be taken off the shelves, but I think they should be placed in a different section of the bookcase. Almost everything in life offends someone in one way or another. It's @ MONTH1 as little as "blonde jokes" or as important as saying anything about someone's sexuality. I know little kids wouldn't understand this stuff, but parents can't keep their kids hidden forever. If someone says something about someone else then I think it is wrong. I mean, think about how many "blonde jokes" there are. A lot of blondes I know don't take these jokes seriously. One of my good friends is a natural blonde and she is probably the smartest blonde I have ever met. Whenever she hears a blonde joke, she laughs and says something funny to go along with it. Probably one of the most important things that offends people is politics or someone's sexuality. Politics creates huge problems for people who think something shouldn't be one way and so what if the governor turns around and says something and someone else takes it very seriously. Many people who have are different because they don't like who they are "supposed" to love are still offended by someone in one form or another. It's not like parents can take us away from it forever. Little children become adolescents, adolescents because they are young adults who end up becoming adults. People should learn to cope with the different struggles in life. So, in conclusion, if a parent doesn't want to expose their child to things that they deem offensive then good for them, but other people like to know more about the things that people find offensive and that create problems. problems in @ LOCATION1. I believe that leaving books, movies and magazines on the shelves in a separate area of the library is not a bad idea. Think about it, if you take books away from people who want to know more about different things and want to know why people take offense, wouldn't they feel so offended because you take it away from them?
Some books are offensive to some people. But everyone has the right to read any book they want. I believe that we should not censor books that are deemed offensive in schools. If people find it offensive early on, find another book to read or talk to the teacher. I have had my experience with books that are offensive to me. Everyone has a book they've read that does this to them. But that same book that I read might be of interest to other people. What doesn't @ CAPS1 make you stronger, right ? So don't take a book in a hurtful way. Books are meant to be read, and some authors direct the book to certain people. People from our own school came to me and told me that the books they were reading were a horrible experience. Especially when all they talk about is suicide and one of my best friends is having trouble with it because of her dad. I told her to talk to her teacher and he changed the book for her. It's all you have to do and not do anything big. I also read the book "To @ CAPS1 a @ CAPS2" which is censored in some states because it hurts some people. The story is about a white family trying to help a man @ CAPS3- @ CAPS4 who was charged with rape when he never did such a thing. It was not acceptable back then and with all the evidence in the world, they still couldn't help it. It's a great story about what black people went through in the early years. And to think that they would censor a story about a white lawyer trying to help someone who is not of his race is inspiring to me, not offensive. He was harassed and his children harassed, but he always fought with everything he had to save his accused. I'm a @ NUM1 year old boy who when he read this book knew who had a heart and who didn't make me cry. It's sad to know that this book is censored in some states when it is certainly one of the best books I have ever read and also the only one that touched me. It would be a great experience for anyone to read this book, so even though it's censored where you live, go buy it and read it anyway. I have a feeling the state assumes they're going to offend people. They might not even test it anyway. They might just say it's going to offend those kind of people and that's it. How do they cope with it? Do they let everyone read it once? No, and they should just let whoever doesn't read it doesn't have to or they can talk to their teacher. It's not that hard to decide whether to censor something when it's just your opinion. That's why I would inquire about the opinions of others. Overall, censorship should not be allowed. It ruins the opportunity for people to read books that they might find good and interesting to them. Let children read at least in high school when they are almost all adults so they can read whatever they want
Censorship being such a delicate subject as it is, in my opinion, should be observed very rarely, yes, I think there should be exceptions such as censorship of material in a children's library or section for kids from a larger library, but to censor is to take freedom of speech and expression away from them and is, by my standards, nothing more than un-American. Censorship acceptances should certainly take place in certain circumstances, such as on a children's television network or a school library. Growing up my parents didn't set any regulations for me regarding censorship, since I can remember I was able to watch, read and listen to anything I ever wanted, so my opinion will obviously slide into the no. -censorship, isn't it ? Wrong, although I think nothing should be censored by the general public except in special cases, I think it is the parents' choice and the full responsibility for the censorship needs of their children. Myself, when I am a parent, I will censor my children for what I seem unfit for their age, regardless of the MONTH. The main reason I write is to explain the moral problem with censorship. a society that claims to tolerate its beliefs, we must respect the beliefs of the creator even if it is not our belief. To censor is to force an artist or essentially a creator to change, they are reflections of themselves, after all this is what a work of art is, be it a painting, a musical piece or a television program, it shows a distinct aspect to look into the minds and beliefs of the creators, to censor is to cut off or distort that communication between the public and the creator, thus violating the freedom of expression and the freedom of expression so dear to our country. I call it a touchy subject because when there is child welfare it's always a touchy subject, to prevent children from being exposed to what their parents seem inappropriate, I think we should maintain censorship in places such as the children's library or children's television networks, but as a country we place too much responsibility and reliance on the hope that the government will censor what we seem unfit while in reality, it should be the job and choice of parents to censor what their children are exposed to. to resolve this growing debate i think the solution lies in the question ' should we censor material ' well yes and no i generally think that for every book, song or creation that some seem unsuitable for society should be released as censored and uncensored, it would open the possibility for children to read more advanced literature, would not take anything away from the personal expression of the creators, and would not deprive the public of what they are looking for because censored material is a loss for the creator as well as for the public who appreciates
If the material is offensive, it should not be displayed. Offensive material can have a big effect on children under the age of ten. I believe that if the materials in a library are found to be offensive and are found to be offensive, then they should be deleted. Materials in libraries are not for everyone. Much of it is especially not for young children. For example : @ CAPS1 could be a young child who wants to watch a movie they find interesting . The movie might be rated @ NUM1, but parents always check it for them. After they watch the movie, @ MONTH1 has heavy language, humor, or sex-related content. Then the child learns and sees it all happen in a movie. Also, if they have nervous parents, the library might get calls. Today many young children about @ NUM2 + have seen, watched or read anything that contained profanity or inappropriate conduct. People read some of the library material and spotted profanity without knowing it was in @ CAPS1. If a religious man / woman looked at a book or magazine in the library and noticed the profanity that he put in a lot of those books and magazines, it would absolutely bother him. If they don't take them off the shelves, the least they can do is keep a list of all materials that contain gross profanity, sex, and heavy violence. They should do this so that they can notify the person checking the material. With all of the nasty things that you see in books, movies, magazines, etc., people need to be alerted to what they are reading and watching. Some books can get pretty mean and terrible with whatever they say. Library materials should be checked. If they are found to be offensive and found to be offensive, they should be moved.
People have different opinions about what one @ MONTH1 finds extremely offensive, another @ MONTH1 doesn't care or even doesn't care. In this next paragraph, I will explain the reasons why censorship should not be allowed in libraries. One of the first things is our freedom of speech. If we really have this freedom, the censorship violates it completely. Some people are offensive, but you have to remember that they have a right to their opinion. They have the right to speak up for what they believe in. Whether it's magazines, books, newspapers, movies or music. Author or artist @ MONTH1 uses them to disseminate their ideas and beliefs. Another reason is people's opinion. Does a person really speak for a whole gender, country, culture, race, religion ? Whether he / she is the lowest of the lowest or a person of great power, someone @ MOIS1 believes different and is missing out on something he / she might have been inspired or learned from. It is not fair to deny communication through these things. A man @ MONTH1 finds a book offensive to him or his family, but another man like him @ MONTH1 finds the book funny and joking. People think differently from each other. Personal experiences also have their place. Maybe a near death experience prompts someone to write a book. Maybe a bad breakup causes someone to do a song. These help inspire people. No one can tell them it's wrong just because they think it's offensive or wrong. All of these things are taken into account. No person or group of people has the right to deprive us of our freedom. I am against censorship in libraries and I hope you are too.
Does it occur to you when your child says he is going to the library to study, but in reality he might be going there to find books on murder, violence, or possibly some useful information. @ DATE1 When searching the library you never know what @ CAPS3 will find on the shelves. Most subjects in books, music, movies, or magazines are useful. But there's always that @ CAPS2 that you don't want your kid to find, or that movie that you just hope your kid doesn't watch ! I firmly believe that types of topics like violence and murder should be taken off library shelves. When going to the library, parents need to be sure that their child is actually going there to study, and not to look for bad books, movies or magazines. Too many books and films show that the use of violence is a good thing. For example, when kids are looking for a good book, they're not looking for something boring, they're looking for something that catches their eye. Most of these books end in violence. The more children read about it, the more they think violence is okay. Additionally, magazines like '@ CAPS1 @ CAPS2' or '@ CAPS3 @ CAPS2' now show stories of drug use, teenage pregnancy or the death of the famous @ CAPS3. @ DATE1 our world has increased drug use among adolescents and adults, the rate of teenage pregnancy has also increased dramatically in recent years. These two things are wrong. Personally, I believe the reason these two topics have increased is that kids think it's good since they read about it in new magazines, or see it on TV, or read it in a book. Kids or teens believe it is easy to have a child at such a young age, or drug use is cool because all the famous @ CAPS3 are using them, which is shown in magazines and books. But what kids don't get is that it's really not as easy or fun as the movies, books, and magazines suggest. What happened to libraries that contained information that was really useful in school ? I understand that @ CAPS3 wants to know more about the famous @ CAPS3 and its novelties. But when all of these types of books, magazines, and movies are put in our libraries, it limits the amount of useful information kids need for school or adults need for work. When I was younger I would go to the library and I would either go to study or read a good book. Not a book about violence, murder, or teenage pregnancy. Children should be able to rely on libraries for a good book or information that will help them in school, not on topics unrelated to school. As the author, Katherine Paterson said, " We can all think of a book that we hope none of our children or other children have taken off the shelves ." I believe she's right, those types of books, magazines, and movies that we don't want our kids to find need to be taken off our library shelves @ DATE1
Who should label an offensive book? What one can find revolting, others @ MONTH1 find a novel or a passage rather interesting. All books and other arts were created to be read and enjoyed by people. Libraries banning books, music, movies, or magazines seem unreasonable because there are a wide variety of people and their interests. Books such as The @ CAPS1, @ CAPS3 from @ CAPS2, and @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5 have been pulled from many library shelves. Although people @ MONTH1 consult these books, many others find them offensive or think they shouldn't be mixed up with everyday books. I read a decent amount of each of the above readings and found the books full of remarkable things that taught me a lot. If books are banned in libraries, it almost seems that they limit our education. Why would a book be published, or written for that matter, if we didn't intend to read it? Any book can be offensive to anyone. Any article, song or movie can be offensive. But, there will always be a crowd he appeals to. And this crowd deserves to enjoy every last word. Censorship in libraries has lasted too long, it is time for the world to participate freely in the literature that interests them. The solution to library censorship is to divide books into categories and subcategories. First by subject, up to the author. Therefore, books that @ MONTH1 are offensive are listed as such, but are still available for those who wish to read them. Censorship in libraries takes away individual freedom every day. People should be able to read what they like and not be ridiculed for it. All books are written to be read, and with the division of such books, everyone can agree on this: Books help us to grow. Growth isn't meant to be limited, neither is freedom.
People have a choice about what types of literature they want to read, whether it offends them or not, they choose to read it. Books should not be removed from library shelves. They should try to avoid making @ MONTH1 books offensive to them. Now, if they can't, it's not the libraries' fault. Books should not be deleted for many reasons. One of the many reasons why books should not be taken out is because they know the risk they take when entering a library, and it is their decision that they make and sometimes decisions have consequences. When and if they are offended, they will know what types of books have offended them, so they will only have to do a little better to avoid those books. Another reason would be that libraries don't know what offends people, it might be a small thing in a book, but that doesn't mean the book should be taken off the shelves. Also just because one person thinks their offense doesn't mean others will. People are not all offended by the same, some people are offended by small things which means they are offended easily, others are not so easily, it means taking things more serious than a book to offend a person. Another reason why books shouldn't be deleted is that students need them for school projects and homework. Some schoolwork requires that you take offense a little, especially if you're African American and get a slavery assignment or something during that time. But we need to learn more about past experiences and our history, and we couldn't do it if some people tried to get some of these books off the shelf. You @ MONTH1 are offended, but there is no reason to delete this book that others will need at some point. Find another way to solve this problem. There are other ways to solve problems like these, such as marking books with a small yellow sticker to warn people that the book has offended someone. It is not necessary to completely remove the book. Another solution might be to separate the books, that is, to place the books in a different place in the library if there are more than two complaints of offense. Additionally, when someone views a book, the librarian can warn them that the book has been tagged with a yellow sticker and that @ MONTH1 may offend them. That's why taking books off the shelves isn't a reason.
Do you think that certain books, music, magazines are sometimes found to be very offensive? If I had kids, I wouldn't want my kids to be surrounded by these bad things. I think we should take all of these bad things out of the world to help kids and kids become better people in the world. There are a lot of bad people in the world, but mostly because of everything people read and see. When people like great singers to sing about drugs and stuff, kids think it's cool to take drugs, so they start taking it and then they just can't stop ! You want everyone to go to college and be a doctor, but they can't if they keep up with the things everyone else does. We need to encourage our kids to be great people, but we can't with the drugs and the violence around them, but we can try to ban bad books, movies, and music. We need more good things to influence our children. We don't want our kids to look at magazines and see really tiny women and think they have to look like that to be popular. If your children are to read and listen to these things, you cannot let them influence them. I listen to rap music all the time but I never let it influence me because I want to be successful in my life. These are all the reasons why we should ban these things for our children. If you want your kids to be successful, you will keep them away from violence and drugs. I know what happens when you don't take them away. You don't want these things to happen to your child, so keep them away.
There are plenty of books that people don't want their kids to read. Books like '@ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ PERSON1' is a book I had read and it was very clear and simple. But I have to disagree, I think these books are worth reading. It shows children that not everything is perfect. People complain that they think books are bad or what people say on @ CAPS3 or in music is bad, but if you don't want to listen to them don't let your kids listen to them. If parents are so worried about what children are reading or learning because of the world we live in now, lock them up. But I have to agree with one thing, there are a lot of bad things in music and magazines, but I think it can be avoided and not caused to break a child. I really like music and some music that I don't listen to because of the stuff in it, but I don't let that music or those magazines change my option on things. I don't think people should be able to take books off the shelves because that doesn't give other students or people to read them. Some people are inspired by books on drugs, not to use them, but to know that there are people who have overcome situations like them. I love reading books about teenage issues and I love knowing all the different ways that people have overcome them and seeing how they live. If people can take offense at a book or a movie, I don't think they have the right to take it down. I think people who feel offended by books, magazines, and movies should stay away from them if they are offensive to them because everyone has an option and not everyone thinks the same. With all the good or bad movies or books, I'm sure someone at least feels offended by one or two books or movies, but that's no reason to want to take it down. Because once you do that, someone will take a book that you thought was not offensive and it will make you angry. I think if people stayed away from the things that offended them and stayed close to the books they liked, we wouldn't have much conflict unless you were that picky, always wanting to start a fight to find something else to be picky about books or magazines or movies with
Do you think that inappropriate or offensive books, magazines, movies or music should be found in a public library ? Some books can be very offensive to people and when they take their children or younger siblings to the library they don't want them to look at them. Others prefer to watch him, which would make them angry if taken away. Not all parents find certain things in libraries offensive, even if they @ MONTH1 are. Having music, magazines, movies, or books that are not suitable for children should just be put in a different section, not taken away from those who appreciate it. Even though asking children to watch something they shouldn't be bad is also bad and unfair to those who only come to the library to see these things. It should not be taken away from them. If parents don't want their kids to see these things, they shouldn't take them to this section. Some adults don't like to see it, which can be understandable. Either way, someone wouldn't be very happy with the decision. In libraries, there is usually an adult section and a children's section. If an adult doesn't want their child to see something, they can simply take them to the children's section where they won't be seen. In the children's section, it's hard to find things that would be considered “ offensive ” to adults. For adults or teens who like to watch these things, they might be in a section away from children. To take things away that people love from someone is wrong and it would be wrong to take them away from those who love them. Recently the world has turned into something it shouldn't. Some of the most disgusting and cruel things happen every day and you could probably find this news in a library. It's understandable if you didn't want your kid to be missing out on it, but it's wrong to take these things away from people who like it. For example, horror movies can be very disturbing and too violent for a young child, but they could be one of the favorite movies for adults. That's why, if you put the most shocking things in a different section, the kids won't even notice it's there. If the kids were placed in a different section, they wouldn't even notice the offensive things that the adults find. Removing things that some adults in MONTH1 find offensive is like removing the kids section, it's unfair. It would not be fair to remove something that some adults or teenagers only come to the library for. Not all adults would understand both sides, but I can see where the two sides are coming from. If I had kids I wouldn't want them to see offensive things, but I would keep them away instead of promoting against it. Having music, magazines, movies or books that are not suitable for children should just be placed in a different section, not taken away from those who enjoy it.
There are millions of books and other media in libraries around the world. Millions of people read and listen to these documents every day. Some people @ MONTH1 like certain books or media and dislike others. Many people dislike certain materials because of their content. Everyone has the right to read and watch what they want, and not everyone will read or look at the same documents. Although some @ MONTH1 documents are offensive, they should not be removed from libraries. Books and other media should not be removed from library shelves because what some people find offensive does not offend others. Everyone has the right to their own beliefs and opinions. If someone wants to read a book or watch a video, they should be able to do so. What is offensive and what is not is a personal choice and it all depends on that person's perspective. If someone thinks that the content of a book, song, or movie is offensive, they should not read or listen to it. Materials should not be taken from libraries as they can be used to learn history and other things people should know. Take, for example, the @ CAPS1. There are thousands of books on @ CAPS1 and many movies as well. These materials should not be taken from library shelves because although some people find them offensive, they can be used to teach people how horrible it is so that it does not happen again. People should educate themselves about something before seeing it so that they are not offended by the content inside. Some story content is very mature and should only be viewed by a mature audience. Offensive content should not be removed from libraries as it is usually in a mature section and is entitled to be there. Most of the content that some people find offensive is intended for an adult audience. There are no children's books about things that parents would find offensive to their children. The content has a right to be there. If the author or publisher took the time to create the work, they should receive credit for it. In @ LOCATION1 there is freedom of speech and people should be able to say whatever they want to say. If the content is too offensive, it should be removed, but only under special circumstances. Content in libraries, whether offensive or not, should not be removed. People can read or watch whatever they want. Many people have different opinions about what should and shouldn't be in libraries. Libraries are public and they are shared. No one has the right to dictate what should and shouldn't be in libraries. Without libraries, people in society would not be as smart as they are
Have you ever wondered why a movie you rented from a library when you were younger doesn't exist today? This is due to censorship. Libraries censor certain books if they deem them inappropriate for young children. Should censorship be allowed in libraries? Everyone has their own opinion, like me, and I think it should be allowed. Book censorship allows libraries to deny books, movies, magazines, music and more to children who are not mature enough to handle the content of the material, rather than swearing in a movie, book or music, nudity shown in magazines, or fights shown in a video game. Young children are looking for role models, someone to follow, so they are more than likely to repeat what they hear or see. Some children are not mature enough to understand that it is not always "correct" to repeat what you hear, some words are inappropriate for young children. Maybe they saw that in a movie a man or woman solved a problem they had by fighting, the young child @ MOIS1 takes the message the wrong way and tries to solve one of them. his problems in fighting. I think an age limit should be set for certain types of materials. Children under @ NUM1 should not watch movies rated @ CAPS1- @ NUM1. There's a reason the odds are what they are. Just because your kid isn't allowed to rent / check out any @ MONTH1 material doesn't mean you can't check it out, maybe go home and watch / listen / read / play it. If that doesn't sound violent or graphic to your child, allow them to watch the movie, read the book, or play the game. It's your choice, but a library doesn't want to be blamed for coming home. of your @ NUM3 years old cursing and fighting. My sister took my niece to the library once to rent a movie, it was a kids movie, and my sister thought nothing bad would come out of it, but in one of the scenes there were arguments and fights, and my niece started arguing with my sister, and hitting her, and my sister was not very happy that they allowed this movie to be on the children's floor in the library. Censorship is a wonderful thing to have in libraries. Some children's maturity level is simply not high enough for them to see / watch / listen / play certain materials. Not only must censorship be allowed, it must be enforced. I think all libraries should have censorship in their library
A @ MONTH1 walks into a library, looks at a magazine rack and thinks, "@ CAPS1 in the young adult section is the content of this book not age appropriate?" In many libraries, some books are not censored and categorized as they should. In some reading materials, one may not even realize that inappropriate things are there. Supervision of children and young adults is not always considered, and some of these people may not even know what they are checking. Censorship must be pushed further in libraries. In most libraries, the book categories are Children's, Young Adult, Adult by Genre, Magazine, and Music, but what to look at is what's inside the cover of those books. Some magazine articles are not suitable for some teens, even though they may claim to be age appropriate. I remember when I was fourteen I read a series that was about colors apart from color. Each covered a different topic such as suicide, alcoholism, drugs, sex, gay dating and jealousy. Come to think of it, I'm surprised I was allowed to view them in the library. A fourteen-year-old did not need to read books on such heavy subjects. Additionally, language in books and music may be inappropriate for children, and @ MONTH1 is distasteful and disrespectful to some adults. Categories need to be categorized even more, so people have a better idea of what they're getting into when they read a book or magazine. When a child comes up to check out a book he has found, a librarian sometimes doesn't even pay attention to the book he receives, he just checks it. Libraries should have a grading system like movies do. In general, people wouldn't let their ten year old go see a movie rated @ NUM1, @ CAPS2, or unrated, so @ CAPS1 would let their kid get a book with the same content ? If books had a grading system, this ten-year-old wouldn't get his hands on an adult book rated "@ CAPS2" or "@ CAPS4". In libraries, there is not as much supervision as their needs should be. I am aware that libraries are not daycare centers and librarians are not babysitters, but there needs to be more stringent guidelines as well, as some people are not fully aware of what their children are or what their children are. themselves read. For example, a thirteen year old girl wants to check out @ CAPS5 magazine because her best friend's older sister understands. The mother of the girl allows it because it probably won't be too much of a problem and she assumes that her daughter wants to look at the photos of the new clothes and trends. What mom @ MONTH1 doesn't realize is that in the middle of the magazine, there's an article about sex and protection, and @ MONTH1 opens up a whole new world for the little girl. Even though the mother shouldn't have let her daughter see the magazine, if the guidelines were stricter at the library, the daughter might never have read this article. Even if librarians were to check or scan a person's library card to make sure it can be in the section or read a certain book, it would protect a lot more people than it hurt. If libraries censored books better, then kids and teens @ MOIS1 wouldn't be reading things that are inappropriate for their age. I '@ CAPS4 doesn't say books should be taken off the shelves, maybe just placed higher and watched more carefully
This essay aims to describe my opinion on whether certain potentially offensive material should be removed from library shelves. I think overall anything that is considered offensive to anyone should be removed from libraries. I think if they are very offensive then they should be eliminated ; but if they're just mildly offensive then I think they should stay. Because the library accommodates people of all ages, materials that may be considered offensive to children are often not considered offensive to adults. But since kids go there and can access anything in there, they can end up finding something that can be offensive. If a child finds something that their parents may find offensive, then the library could possibly be sued and that would not be good. So if they only take books, music, magazines, or movies that are not suitable for people of all ages, they can reduce the risk of being sued. Libraries are supposed to provide information anyway. They don't need shocking things, because rarely anything offensive provides information. Libraries should only contain what they were made for: encyclopedias, dictionaries, books, and other books that can provide useful information to people. In conclusion, I would say that materials which may be offensive to anyone of any age should be removed from libraries. Libraries are supposed to provide information to people so I think that's all they should have
Should books, music, movies and magazines that are offensive to the public be removed ? No, I don't agree at all. Books that @ MONTH1 should be offensive to others, no, because there are hundreds and thousands of different books and more. All books have different themes and topics, and all readers have different opinions about them. For example, let's say there is a book on abortions and you want to know more about it, so you decide to check it out. In the line behind you, a woman tells you not to buy this book because she doesn't agree with killing a baby and tells the owner to cancel this book for that reason. No, it wouldn't happen just because someone hates or doesn't like something, it could very well be something that someone likes and appreciates. Here are a few reasons why you'd be okay with taking something off the shelves like sex. Things like @ MONTH1 sex offend people because you @ MONTH1 think it promotes sex to young teens or young children, but it doesn't. Most sex books teach you the right things and wrong to do and how to be yourself. People should understand that @ PERCENT1 of teens around the world are sexually active and that the books @ MONTH1 help you protect yourself and others. In conclusion, there are a lot of people who @ MONTH1 or @ MONTH1 don't like books or other things that they find offensive, but everyone has their own opinion. You cannot take things with you just because of someone nearby of someone with a problem who is looking for help or information about their personal problem. For these reasons, I do not agree to removing posts that @ MONTH1 are offensive to others because everyone is different in this world and this should not change due to disagreement or opinion. that someone has on you.
No, I don't think books or any other material should be taken off library shelves just because some people might find them offensive. I think if a parent sees something that they don't want their child to read, then it is their right not to allow that child to read it, but it's unfair to take it off the shelf altogether. This book which was marked "offensive" could have been a way for another person to learn more about this book and possibly learn something from it. There are non-fiction books that can be marked as "offensive", and they are only non-fiction. It is something that really happens and anyone can learn anything from it by reading it, and to take it away would be to take away the knowledge that another person might have obtained. I believe in a library people should be given the choice to read whatever they choose and not have it ripped out just because parents don't want their child to read it. I think if they don't want their kid to read it then parents can tell that kid that they don't want him to read it and then everyone wins. I know that I have read non-fiction books that would be considered by some people to be offensive, but with this book I also learned a lot about the subject in question. Removing this book would show that you only care about how offensive it might be to some people, and not how it might help spread the knowledge of another. If we were to remove every book that might have a racial insult here or an act of violence there, what would we have left our children to read and learn. They read these books and they can find out how this racial insult or act of violence has hurt someone emotionally and physically, and that they should never do so for fear of the conciseness that they might be faced with later. Overall, I think books and other materials in libraries should be kept on the shelves, and if anyone finds it offensive or anything else, they shouldn't read it and deprive someone of that knowledge. Today we live in a world where education is paramount and we believe that everyone should have an education. But if we take out every book that a person doesn't like, then what is left for us to learn.
Censorship in libraries is an important thing in schools and in the public. This is important because certain movies, books, and magazines have a greater influence on children than most people realize. Like some of the really bloody movies, there are always people in the movie that are cut or shot. Do you really think some kids don't think about hat stuff. Sometimes children can understand that they can do what they see or read. Like in the movie @ LOCATION1 @ CAPS1, they beat and kill people just for being of color. And some kids @ MONTH1 think it's okay. And they can go over there in the library and just take it off the shelf and check it out and go home and look at it. Now, if you use it as a thing to teach the kid that it was like it was before and that it's wrong, then that's okay. You can teach your kids anything you want, just make sure it's the right thing. And some magazines that are in schools or in public libraries just aren't the kind of thing kids shouldn't be looking at. Like gun magazines or hunting magazines, they just show that it's okay to carry a gun wherever they go. And the hunting magazines just show you can go out and shoot stuff. And some kids @ MONTH1 are confused that you need a license to do all of this. You have to at least put on and age limmiet some stuff. Going the same way with some of the books, they always start out great and then turn into a big mess of gor and villainy. Like madness, it started with a group of people going underwater to explore a ship. And they find a big sphere and they go there and get these powers and they imagine it and it comes true. Well when a kid reads that he @ MONTH1 thinks he can do it and he starts imagining that he can hurt or really hurt someone. And then when they find out that it won't work, they @ MOIS1 do it on their own. So it's just a matter of showing that you should censor some of the stuff you have in your libraries and if you can remove them put at least an age limit on them.
Do I think offensive material should be removed from libraries ? No, I think if a person is offended by it, they shouldn't get it. They should ignore it and find something else that interests them. If the person is complaining about a book, music, movie, or whatever , they should not go to the library. I think if people are offended by a book or something and complain, they shouldn't be out loud in the library. When I was in seventh grade, we took a field trip to the city library. I thought it was fun because it looked awesome on the inside. I was walking around looking for an animal book because all the seventh graders had to search for an animal. When I was looking I saw a guy yelling at one of the librarians. He was a colored guy and he was complaining because he was reading a book about slaves. He was offended because his grandfather was a slave. I read the book and thought there was nothing offensive about it because it said that slaves had to do hard labor and then finally they were free. My opinion is that offensive material should not be removed from libraries. People who don't think they're offensive will read them. If a person thinks a book is offensive, they should just go away and find another book. This is why I believe that offensive material should not be removed from libraries.
Censorship in Libraries Author Katherine Paterson once said, “We can all think of a book that we hope none of our children or other children have pulled off the shelves. @ CAPS1 are many books, magazines, and movies on @ CAPS1 that contain content not necessarily appropriate for young children. Part of a parent's job is to make sure their children are safe and that they are looking for materials that are appropriate for their age. However, that doesn't mean removing material from library shelves for everyone. Censorship in libraries rids people of their freedom to choose. Additionally, content inappropriate for children @ MONTH1 may be read by adults. It is the parent's responsibility to censor what their child takes off the shelf. All the people of @ LOCATION2 have certain rights allowing them to express themselves and to be free. People have the freedom to choose, whether it's books, magazines, movies, or music. Everyone is different and that makes each person's interests different as well. Libraries offer a variety of materials, which allows people to choose what they want based on their interests. Censoring content on library shelves @ MONTH1 is a good idea for children, however adults have the right to choose what they want to take off the shelves. Would you like some of your freedom to be taken away from you? Censorship would considerably reduce individual freedom and individuality. In addition, censorship of what is on library shelves limits the range of materials available to users. @ CAPS1 is the content of @ CAPS1 that children should not see ; however, adults have the right to choose what they want to read and to come into contact with. Although some material is not intended for children, adults @ MONTH1 find it enjoyable and interesting. Libraries offer a wide range of materials and this allows people to express themselves and be entertained. @ CAPS1 are many different types of books and music on @ CAPS1 and censoring them would severely limit the variety. In addition, parents have a responsibility to look after their children. They choose what the @ CAPS1 child wears, where they live and where they attend school. It's no different when it comes to books, movies, and music. Each parent has a different parenting style and chooses what works best for their child. If a parent finds something offensive or inappropriate, they take their children to safety. However, another parent @ MONTH1 has no problem with this. What content children choose from library shelves should be at the parents' discretion. After all, you can't protect children from everything. Censorship in libraries leads to more problems than solutions. It rids the bosses of their right to choose and their freedom. Material censorship also severely limits the variety of available content that people can choose from. It is not the responsibility of the law to choose what children can and cannot read, but rather the job of parents to watch what they take off the shelf. As citizens of @ LOCATION1, we have rights and freedom allowing us to act as individuals. Censorship of material on library shelves results in very little material remaining. As Katherine Paterson put it, “ And then we don't have any book lives on the shelf for any of us.
Censorship Is censorship necessary in today's society? Where things that were considered bad @ NUM1 even @ NUM2 years ago are okay today to be seen, read, listened to and so on. Is this a necessary process or should libraries have the free will to stock their shelves with whatever they seem fit to be there. Everyone in today's society says to read, but libraries @ MOIS1 don't have the type of literature you are in, so why would you want to read something you don't like because the library didn't have the book you wanted to see I. I believe that censorship in libraries should be theirs to remove any books found to be offensive or immoral from the library. I don't think they should cut the books out because of bad language or something about God. I think books, magazines, or movies with the content "@ CAPS1" should be removed from libraries if they deem it appropriate. Libraries should only present books they wish to have, not books that are popular but that the library considers “ bad ”. They should only have the books they want to have. I believe their should be censorship in libraries. I just don't believe it should be a tough system. I think they should set standards on what they want to have and follow those standards on the books they buy. I do believe, however, that some libraries will set their standards low or high, so that they will have many books that are considered " bad ", or no books at all. It's a very fine line when it comes to materials that the library should be considered good or bad. I think libraries should have a nationwide set of standards to define what kind of material is good for libraries. I believe that censorship is still a necessary and useful process. I just think it's largely an operational process. not enough facts or opinions of the people. I think it should still be used for the company, I just thought it should be more under control than it is today.
Author Katherine Paterson proclaims, “We can all think of a book that we hope none of our children have taken off the shelves. But if I have the right to take this book off the shelf - this job that I hate - then you have the exact same right and everyone else too. And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us. A controversial issue in today's society are the conflicting views of people on censorship in libraries. Many types of books, magazines, music, movies, and more have been banned from being put on library shelves because of their content. From personal experience, observations and reading of the problem, censorship should not be allowed in libraries. Library shelves will soon be empty if censorship continues. Some reading and some types of entertainment have already started to disappear one by one. It's understandable that one person wouldn't agree with the content placed in these books, but why should they spoil everyone else's entertainment ? From my own experience, people in my elementary school were not able to enjoy reading a series of popular books at that time. As I went to a school @ CAPS1, the priest of the corresponding church at that time decided that he did not agree with the contents of this certain series of books. As a result, he took matters into his own hands and made the school staff remove these books from our school library, and no student was allowed to come to school with any of these guys. books. If it had been up to him, he would have decided to go ahead and get all these books out all over the world. Just because an individual does not agree with the contents of this book, he should not have the power to ban fine hobbies for the rest of the population. Authors and artists of books, films and music have the freedom to put whatever they want. It shouldn't be for their audience to decide whether this is appropriate or not. The concept is quite simple; if the reader or viewer doesn't think they would be okay with the work, then they shouldn't be spending their time reading or looking at the pieces at hand. Just because they might not completely think that what the content implies is necessarily appropriate, someone else might appreciate it. Censorship is wrong for this very reason. The creators of their work are most likely proud of what they have accomplished and would like their audiences to benefit from it. The audience they're trying to appeal to @ MOIS1 doesn't have the same taste in style as someone whose work isn't necessarily supposed to have their own take on the matter. Books should not be able to be removed from libraries, because what one person might think is not appropriate for release to the public, another person @ MONTH1 benefits fully. Likewise, if the content of a literary work does not appeal to an individual, it simply should not be read by that person. As humans, you have the freedom to choose what people would like to read and what they would not like to indulge in. So make the right choice in deciding what you want to read, and don't spoil the enjoyment of many others. . In many types of literature, censorship is mentioned by authors. For example, in the award-winning popular novel @ CAPS2 @ NUM1, books are burned or "censored" because they contain information that people should not be aware of during this time. However, in today's world, books are a major type of entertainment and are important for everyone's knowledge. The books provide so much information on almost every subject known to mankind that it would be such a dramatic loss if now the books were burned if they were caught reading one. Paterson emphasizes that everyone has the right to have their own opinion on this matter, but if people don't take the right approach to solving this situation, there will be no more books on library shelves for several years. generations to enjoy it for themselves. Every individual has the right to read books and absorb all the wonders and knowledge they contain. Due to the growing awareness of censorship in libraries today, people @ MONTH1 will never be able to enjoy certain types of books, movies, music, and magazines. From my own past experiences with this situation, I know how wrong it is to take away from someone the privilege of enjoying types of literature. People shouldn't have a say in whether something is appropriate or should not be taken out of libraries. If the individual does not simply agree with the specific content of the job, he must accept it and move on instead of making millions of others dislike it. Also, from different types of reading, censorship has definitely become a serious problem, but it should be abolished. Keep the books that are on the library shelves now for many generations to come and enjoy them for themselves.
Censorship is a law and it is often broken. You cannot censor any book, movie, music, or magazine. The law of censorship is generally broken in libraries. I think censorship affects writers and the school system. In the United States, people have the right to express their beliefs and feelings on any type of subject discussed. Many libraries take away this right by prohibiting the reading of certain books in class or by prohibiting students from watching certain types of films. I think that would offend the person who wrote the book or the writer of the script for a movie. If the librarian doesn't want a certain type of book in her library, then she shouldn't have that job or she shouldn't have any books at all. Just because she doesn't like the genre of books doesn't mean that someone else who comes by won't want to read it. If a teacher doesn't want her class to see a movie because it's something she doesn't like, she shouldn't even show movies in her class at all. In school, we are not allowed to read certain subjects in the library because the school system considers it bad for us to know more. If we want to learn something, we should be able to do it. Maybe we don't want to learn something the teacher is teaching us. Are we removing everything the teacher used to learn about this topic ? Do we take the teacher out of the classroom? No. We show respect and we read what they want us to read and we listen to what they have to say on the subject. It's respect, we learned that in kindergarten. I think they should show us respect and let us read and watch movies about the kinds of books and movies they're taking away from us. Censorship is illegal where we live. But why is it not taken seriously by the government? I think they have to realize that what they are allowing is discrimination against the writer. We are in trouble if we discriminate against someone virally. So why are they not doing anything about physical discrimination? We should be able to have more in-depth knowledge on a subject that we feel the need to learn. I think this law should be enforced instead of being ignored. It is not fair to us or to the writer.
Do you think books that contain vulgar stuff should be on library shelves? We all know there are books parents hope they never have. During this time, try to find a good action movie without bad words. It's almost impossible to do that. Just because books have foul language, blood and gourd, and sex stuff, doesn't mean they should be taken off the shelves. Have you seen the list of prohibited books lately? I have and some of these books on this are ridciolus. Here are some @ PERSON2, @ PERSON1, @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 and @ CAPS3 @ PERSON2's @ CAPS4. I could go on and on, the list goes a mile long. Some of these books have historical meanings behind them. There is also the moral behind them. I think books shouldn't be taken away because there are a few bad words in them. It's not like we've never heard those words. In @ CAPS3 @ PERSON2's @ CAPS4, they banned him from schools because of the use of the word "nigger". It is not a nice word in our time. Back when we had slaves, that's what they were called. These are the views of an anti-slavery author. In @ CAPS7 @ CAPS8 it is forbidden because of the talking animals. Come on, really, they have animals in the movies talking all the time. I believe if the kids don't know that animals can't really talk, we might have problems. Do you find the show @ PERSON3 the offensive @ CAPS9? Well it was banned because @ CAPS10 is racist against @ CAPS11. I would like to know how some of these people do this. Anyone who picks up this offensive material has a choice whether they read it or not. It should be on the shelf even if it is offensive. I believe it's totally up to you, if you read it. Just like if you go to a movie store, the movies are rated. You don't want to watch movies rated @ CAPS12, so don't rent them. They could use the same method with books. Do you still think offensive books should be taken off the shelves? If you say yes, I would like no why. It is your choice to read it. There are all these other forbidden books already, why ban any more. Just because books have foul language, blood and gore, and sex stuff, doesn't mean they should be taken off the shelves.
I think the censorship in libraries is bad. Books, movies, and magazines are designed to enlighten, inform, and entertain reading. If you find something offensive in the book, movie, or even the magazine, that doesn't mean the next person will. If you don't want your child to read or watch these things then limit what they watch or read, don't make people who don't have a problem with what they read or watch suffocate. They have the same right to have those books, movies and magazines on the shelves as you do! There were times when I wanted a book, but the libaray didn't get it because of the adult content in the book. Still, I was brought up reading these books, so for me it wasn't adult content. The same goes for movies, I was allowed to watch movies rated @ CAPS1 when I was eight. Still, movies have ratings that tell you if it's a child or an adult, like @ NUM1 noted @ CAPS1. The libaray has the same works, a child cannot rent a film classified @ CAPS1 without the presence of a parent to provide it, the same goes for a movie theater. Parents who are concerned about the well-being of their children should not force libraries to remove books, movies and magazines from shelves because of things they find offensive. Other people who pay tax for these books, movies, and magazines would like to read them as much as the next one, such as some libraries that prohibit " @CAPS4 from @ PERSON1 ", because of the way the story is written. Someone found it offensive and rounded up a lot of other people, who didn't read the book but took note of the person who read it, and banned the book. If they had read the book they would have understood it, it wasn't to be offensive but a fictional story from @ CAPS4. I remember living in a city, with a lot of Christians, so the libraries only had Christian books. When I went to the bookstore and asked for a series of books, I was always refused, because of the Christian population. I told them, 'I have as much rights to have these books on the shelves as they have to have their books on the shelves.' I've never had these books, but maybe one day they'll come back to those requests and think about how they should have gotten them. The reason I think censorship is bad is because no one should be able to tell people what to read or watch. When they pay the same taxes as everyone else to have those books and movies on library shelves. If you have a problem with what your child watches and reads, limit what your child reads and watches. Do not take away from others the right to read and watch what they want.
In Katherine Paterson's writings, she tells us that she doesn't want her child to take a book off the shelf that might be found offensive. But I think there should be sections of the library that are cut off from the public eye, but are still there for some people. If my child took a book that was not for his age range I wouldn't be done, because I know some groups of books are close to others, but they are available to everyone, which could be offensive to some. I would tell my son / or daughter that this book is not for you, and we were going to pick a new book to read. Overall, I think there should be sections of the library that are designed for a certain age group and should not be seen by children. Because once I was that little kid, and I scoured miles of shelves to find a truly wonderful book to read, but for a long time that hasn't happened, I had wondered to find a book that was not in my age group. So I think there needs to be a more careful eye in the library staff to make sure that stuff never happens again.
There are movies, books, music, etc. that @ MONTH1 is considered offensive to certain people. I think if you are the appropriate age for a type of literature you should be able to observe it. If you read a book and find it offensive, then you shouldn't have read the book. Books, music and movies are meant to entertain you, however, if you are not entertained then what you read or watch is not for you ! I had an experience in which I was offended by a movie that I watched. It degraded women in whom they were beaten and treated like slaves. I was offended because while watching the movie I realized that these women were somebody's mother's daughter, I wouldn't agree with my mother being treated that way, and I also wouldn't want another woman to be treated that way. After watching the movie, I went to let my mom know how this movie offended me. I'm sure the intentions of the authors who write the books are not to offend the reader, however, there is @ MOIS1 a way to rephrase the things they say. I know people have their own opinion and people think differently. If it is obvious that the reader's intentions are to offend the reader, you shouldn't buy a book like this. If you find a book on the shelf and find it offensive, it shouldn't be necessary to remove it from the shelf. . Another person @ MONTH1 has read the book, and she might like it. Everyone has their own way of thinking, and how they absorb information. It's @ MONTH1 to be offensive to the reader, but someone else @ MONTH 1 receives the book and admires it. In conclusion, I think if you are offended by a certain book, type of music, or movie, you should learn from the movie and explain why it offended you. If a parent is offended, they should not allow their children to observe them. so. This will have a negative effect on your child. Books, music, movies, etc. are meant to entertain, not to offend.
I believe that censorship is a very debatable subject for many. But I think I have a pretty good outlook, and a pretty good view on it. In this essay, I'm going to give you my reasoning, explain, and give some reasons why I think censorship is a good thing and maybe should be stepped up. Censorship. Books, music, movies, magazines, etc. should they be removed from the shelves. I think it's @ LOCATION1 and everyone should have the right to read what they want and what they do n't want . I believe if anyone wants to read something vulgar, then leave it. If they are of age, it is their choice. I think regarding the kid part, no, kids shouldn't be out loud to read things that @ MONTH1 is vulgar, sexual, etc. By keeping children away from such vulgar things, they should have or keep separate sections for children, and adults. I don't think kids should be able to access it, and maybe they won't know it, or won't want to. If their parents think it's good and want to let them read it, or watch it, or listen to it, than before they become adults, they'll have to get it for them. I don't believe children should be candy coated and blind to the world, I just believe that there is some extent to which they need to be limited. I obviously think censorship is a good thing. I think if there were more, I think there would be less crime. Children learn this, they look as young as God knows what, thinking everything is fine from the start, and grow up with this picture and message, of them thinking everything is fine . No I'm not saying all kids learn everything from TV etc and yes some @ MONTH1 argue that kids don't copy what's on TV at all. But I think television, books, and music affect the way kids see the world a lot. As much as I love rap music and movies like ATL, rappers like @ ORGANIZATION1, even sometimes when I'm watching or listening to these things, it kinda makes me feel like I'm jaded, and kinda I feel like wanna have a bad attitude towards the world, it makes me wanna live this hard life like that. I think music, books, what we watch on TV and what we read in magazines have a big impact. For example, if we look at the news and there is something depressing, it kind of makes you cranky, or sad or depressed. The media, music, television, books, magazines, etc., affect our mood, our actions and even sometimes the way we speak and dress. I'm not saying dressing more urban is a bad thing, I'm just saying that when you start doing crime, and because of drugs, that's a problem. I believe kids shouldn't be censored and adults not because by the time you reach adulthood you're pretty much on your way and watching pretty well what you should be doing and how you want things to go. spend Finished. Children are always grinding and are like a sponge. Censorship is a very sensitive and arguable / debatable issue, but that's just my point of view, what's yours ?
To whom it concerns @ MONTH1 ; As a student, I find myself reading frequently: at home, at school, in the library, in the car, virtually anywhere I can get my hands on a novel. However, the novels that I have read are not always the novels that I have chosen for my personal gain. I have to admit that I am not an avid reader on my own. I'm the kind of student who likes to read a book that interests me. Most of the books I choose relate to reality, which often involves content that @ MONTH1 should be taken as explicit. I think books, magazines, movies, music, etc. should not be removed from the shelves. As citizens @ CAPS1, we have the right to freedom of expression. It gives us the freedom to say what we think and express our thoughts without restricting our personality. This law gives authors and producers the right to base their work on whatever they want. Media that @ MONTH1 is viewed as explicit is appealing to a variety of people, and to some it is viewed as disturbing. With the freedom we have as @ CAPS2, we have the choice of seeing said movies or reading said books, but we also have the choice to avoid these situations. When producers produce films containing sexual content, language or violence, they are not producing the film, expecting every citizen to see it. They know that some citizens are against this content. There is no law that obliges us to see films that we do not want to see. We have the flexibility to choose what we want and what we don't want. Explicit material is available everywhere you look. Walking through @ LOCATION2 and @ LOCATION3, we see books, music and magazines lining the walls, most of them containing explicit material. While many novels contain explicit material, there are still many that do not. People complain about explicit content in novels when in reality there are a lot of novels without explicit content. We are trained as humans to look for evil in situations. We lead pessimistic lifestyles. Citizens must learn to realize that all is not great. Seek the good in situations. There is an abundance of media that does not contain any explicit content or material of a sexual nature and we receive warnings as to what contains and does not contain this material. These warnings are mandatory! Tags such as @ CAPS3 or @ CAPS4 are set to prove that the following is open to the general public with and without parental supervision. Parents have the power to monitor what their child gets involved in. They can set rules for their children, saying that they @ MONTH1 only see movies rated @ CAPS3, or that they must have parental consent to read a magazine or novel. Parents are guardians for a reason; they have to watch and take care of their child. If they don't like music, novels, movies, etc. what is their child looking at, change it! They have the authority and the right to do so. Instead of taking explicit material off the market for everyone, limit what you, personally, want to be prohibited for your family on your own, and talk to them about it ! Katherine Paterson is absolutely right when she says, "If I have the right to take this book off the shelf." . . then you also have exactly the same right and everyone else too. And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us. If we were given the right to withdraw books, films, magazines, etc. that we don't think we need to be in the market, it is likely that we would run out of media. With the billions of citizens we have in @ LOCATION1 alone, every individual is bound to find a loophole in a certain book. With every flaw found, we would like to eliminate that company book, movie, or magazine, leaving us with no variety of material to choose from. Those who are firmly committed to the removal of explicit material would act quickly on this law, rather than those who oppose it. It would create a corrupt society, with a lot of fighting. We, as human beings, enjoy the freedoms that are granted to us and the choices that we are allowed to make. Depriving ourselves of the freedom of what we read or watch would deprive us of our personality and our sense of expression. Books, movies, and magazines are meant to be read based on opinion, and it should stay that way. Books, films and magazines should be allowed to remain on the market even if they contain explicit material. The choice to read or watch this material is up to the individual and should not influence the opinions of other humans.
To whom @ CAPS3 @ MONTH1, I believe that books, movies, and magazines should not be taken off the shelves of a library if they are found to be offensive. @ CAPS2 @ MONTH1 books seem offensive to @ CAPS2 people, but to others the outlook is very different. I believe that if books or other things are found out of the blue, they should have a special place for them, where mature people can read them. Books are very valuable to most people in the United States. A lot of people like to read things that others might find offensive. But is @ CAPS3 really wrong for them to like something someone else has taken the time to write. Just because someone reads a book or magazine and finds something there that they don't like, they call @ CAPS3 offensive. I have a feeling a lot more people would feel the same way. With films, etc. I feel like none of them should be taken off the shelves of a library. There are sections for kids, sections @ CAPS1 and even a section for teens. I feel like parents these days don't want their kids to learn things early in life. But I still feel like if they didn't want the kids to read @ CAPS3 then don't let them. If there was a need to really watch something and give @ CAPS3 another chance, that would be the topic here. Libraries around the world are all clean and organized. So why couldn't they just create a section for books, movies, magazines that people find offensive. Of course @ CAPS3 might take a little more work, but hey, @ CAPS2 you have to do @ CAPS3. As you can see, these are great reasons why they shouldn't remove items that other people find offensive in libraries. I mean half of the things they find are based on real stories or they're biographies. People really appreciate a lot of these books and even movies or magazines. @ CAPS3 would be really great if that could happen, @ CAPS3 would make a lot of people happy and satisfied.
Do I believe that there are any materials that should be removed from library shelves if they are found to be offensive ? I believe that all types of material should be placed in libraries to suit the different styles of what people like. Censorship should not play a role as everyone has their own opinion of what is considered offensive and what is not. By giving everyone the freedom to enjoy what they love, many people will be happier. People's wants and needs vary from one extreme to another. What one person likes, another @ MONTH1 hates. This should not play a role in whether or not documents should be removed from public places such as a library. Everyone has the right to express themselves through art in their own way. To remove art that some find offensive would not be fair to those who appreciate it. By doing this, not everyone will be satisfied if everyone doesn't get what they want. Censorship should not take place in any library. Entertainment may not always be popular with everyone. It will be judged in a number of ways no matter what anyone has to say, so the issue should just be left out. Arguing for removing material that some like will only increase the tension and make matters worse. It is understandable, for example, that a parent does not want their child to be welcomed into the media world where everything does not have positive influences. This is life and not everyone has the same vision of it. You have to think about others and respect their perspective on all of this. Opinions will vary depending on what I have to say. I firmly believe that people should have the right to benefit from the documents in which they are interested. Censorship certainly has its pros and cons, but for the most part it is bad and shouldn't have a role in any library. Reducing people's availability to their interests will only lead to frustration. You can't please everyone, so in this case the censorship will just have to be looked beyond.
Libraries contain many books and films such as fiction, non-fiction, history, fantasy, and adventure. These books have many different styles and portraits and a lot of them @ MONTH1 are considered offensive, but that doesn't mean they can just be taken off the shelf. One book that comes to mind that can be considered offensive is “ The @ CAPS1 of @ ORGANIZATION2 ”. This book is about black people as slaves and how they should be whipped for being released and it calls them @ ORGANIZATION1 offensive names, but it is a classic and can be found in almost any bookstore or library in the world. country. Why, because it was written when slavery was legal and slaves were treated as property and not as people. One movie that a lot of people have seen recently is Slumdog @ CAPS4. In this movie, a boy from a slum is tortured for knowing the answers to the game show questions '@ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 to be an @ CAPS4?'. Many @ CAPS2 Indians who are smarter might be offended by this because they say if you grow up in a slum you can't be smart. But, people ignore it because it's a movie, so it's not real. But if you go see some people and ask them if these books are movies, some will say they are @ ORGANIZATION1 good, others might be offended then they might as well just stay on the shelves. The book '@ CAPS5 @ CAPS6' is a civil war book that might be an offensive scene showing thoughts on both sides that slavery is good and bad at the same time, but it's another classic and will stay on. the shelves of books. Thus, books in libraries should not be censored for being offensive to one race, gender or group; they should stay on the shelf because there is something offensive about all books other than certain children's books. So if we took books off the shelves because they were offensive, there would be nothing to read except “ THE @ ORGANIZATION1 ” !
Have you ever read a book on @ CAPS1 times if your @ CAPS2 ? Are you going to read about how people of your religion and maybe even your family were tortured? Probably not. If you are a man / woman of color, are you going to jump into a book about slavery? Not likely. And if you are a mother, are you going to want to read an abortion novel or magazine? Are you going to let your child read this book? Of course not! So you're probably wondering why they're even on the shelves, right? He's on the shelves for one reason only, to drown us in the knowledge he holds. Whether we learn about criminals, racism or wars, there will always be one person who is against it all. When we read we find books that are for our own enjoyment, we look for books that can spark ideas and images in our head. However, most of us don't quite understand why others refuse to read such a book or even hold in our hands a book that is different from all our beliefs. Beliefs are important to people, regardless of their age, gender, sexuality, or race. It's just a way of life. Some stories are there for our entertainment, some capture our emotions, and some are there for our knowledge. When writers write, they usually think of events that have happened or what they predict might happen in the future. The authors try to make you understand the world around you, not by trying to offend you in any way. Books tend to affect people in many ways, positive and yes, sometimes negative. It's something that they can't really control, so you can't really blame anyone for taking offense. I don't agree that libraries shouldn't have these books on their shelves, I think they're good for us. No, I don't mean we should be eating pounds. We should take the time to read some of these so-called offensive books. You probably think that it is out of the question for me to take this type of book, sit down and read it. However, let me tell you, if we read these books, the more people will understand how terrible times were then and how bad some things are still. Take abortion into perspective. The books on abortion give us an idea of how horrible it is or how it can affect not only women who have had it. He appeals to the emotions of others in a way that makes them think twice about life's decisions. Books should be kept on the shelves for our own well-being. When it comes to choosing, you'll know exactly what to do. You know how useful books are in helping us see the difference between right and wrong. You understand why books are put on shelves in the first place, no, it's not for the money. I know you will understand what I am trying to tell you. Now go to your library and pick up a book on something you wouldn't like to talk about anymore. Who knows, maybe you will get a book that will make you think twice about the information between the bindings
In my opinion, I don't think anyone has a choice as to what children or any other age group chooses to read. It is not for the general public to say what is right or wrong. When society says that every child is not allowed to read a certain book or listen to a certain song just because it is deemed offensive to some people. There are laws against restricting what a person can or cannot see. There is a level of media that is not as appropriate as it should be, but that doesn't mean it has to go completely. Some of the reasons that society cannot detect everything is because not everyone is offended by everything, it is up to the child's parent to say what is right or wrong, and finally the individuality is compromised if the choices we have are limited. When someone is offended by the media, it does not necessarily mean that another person is also offended. When I don't like a video, book, or any other type of content, someone else shouldn't have that content censored because my opinion stands in the way of what they like. I know that personally I wouldn't want someone to take away my favorite book so that my child cannot read it. Content that is made public will always be dangerous to read from someone else's point of view. Just like I won't believe what others believe in, but I will see that it is valued by others and should not remain a censored topic. Books deemed inappropriate should be subject to censorship by parents of young children. Such decisions should not be left to a group of people with opposing views. When children grow up and learn the values they know today, it is their parents who teach them and not a society full of people with different opinions. There is a saying from an author that goes "we can all think of a book that we hope none of our children or other children have taken off the shelf" and it all means if we had all the power to take a book or other content off the shelf that we don't like, they wouldn't have any books left. I believe in this saying and I also believe that many others will too. Individuality is when a person has different feeling traits from another human being. We all have a choice of what books we read and what music we listen to and that's why we all have individuality. When people start to think that they are allowed to delete a certain song or a certain book because it is not what they want others to see, then everyone will do the same and no one will have that. song he likes or traits that make them different because only they like that song. If there were no longer any of us on this earth who had something that we enjoyed and no one else who also enjoyed the same, then we would all be pretty boring. I have learned from experience that being the person who has something different is not a bad thing and in some cases is indeed a good thing. Also from experience, I have learned that a boom that is no longer on the shelf that someone has removed is not a good feeling. I wouldn't want the same to happen to all the other books in the world. It is a very good thing to practice the art of understanding and to have an open mind when it comes to a certain material that another person appreciates. In the future, when I find a book that @ MONTH1 is not a book that I want my kids to read, I will drop the topic and remember that everyone has their own opinions. So in conclusion, I just want everyone to know that books that are considered inappropriate or offensive to one person, @ MONTH1, are considered good to another.
Take it @ CAPS1 ? How do you take it when people come out with magazines, movies, or music that are extremely offensive to you ? How can you prevent your children or the younger generation from watching these things ? The truth is, we can't stop them, there is so much porn and bad music in this world that you can get it anywhere. It's all on the Internet and you can't control it. If I find something very offensive in a store or online, I should have the right to express my opinion, and that opinion should be taken seriously. They should not have inappropriate items in public stores or places where children may go. This is not fair and it sets a terrible example for children. Some people should just know better and take it @ CAPS1. Almost every day that I go online I see something on the side of the website advertising a porn site. It's amazing how this is allowed on public websites for everyone to see. If they want to keep doing it, @ CAPS2 has to be a law saying they can't on public sites. I see half-naked female stuff on the website and I know it's not okay for young children to see at this age. I understand that a lot of things in this world are about money and people make money by selling things to others. Selling movies, magazines, and music saying or doing rebellious things is easy money for teens and the elderly. They can still make a lot of money if they do funny stuff instead of porn stuff, everyone likes to watch, read or listen to something funny. So basically we're not going to stop this completely and you should all know that. the best thing we can do is protest and hope that one day he starts to disappear from the public. He should eventually disappear. We can only hope for the best
Libraries have always had interesting materials, such as books, music, movies, and magazines, and there always will be. Libraries are one of the best places to find these materials. I don't think libraries should have to take these materials off their shelves because maybe some people find them interesting? That's all libraries love are the people who are interested in reading their books. If some people find different books offensive, then they shouldn't go near those books. If they have a complaint, they should just keep it to themselves and not spoil the chance for others to check it out. Libraries shouldn't have to take certain documents out of their shelves because some people don't like them, it's your choice to read this book, no one makes you read something that makes you uncomfortable. Now let's say if there were a large number of people who took offense to the materials in the library, then the library could decide whether they want it or not, but they still don't need to be told what to do. It's their business and they decide which materials stay and which go. If I was one of those people who took offense to a book in the library, I would keep it to myself. I wouldn't want to go through all these issues of arguing and complaining about just one book. Think about others before you think about yourself sometimes and their interests. That's less of a problem you'll have to go through later in life.
They should not be removed from the shelves. If someone finds it offensive, they don't need to look at it or check it out. If anyone finds this offensive, they can request that this material be placed on the highest shelf. They have the choice to get it or not. Many documents found in a library, even if they are offensive, can be of use to someone else. The material could contain or show essential information. People who find it offensive have the right not to look at it. Just because there is some sort of material that they find offensive doesn't mean everyone is doing it. People don't have to watch something they find offensive. If there is anything offensive, just ask a librarian if they can place that book or movie higher on the shelves. If they find something offensive in the material, they just can't watch it. Don't look at it if you find it offensive. If they need it offsite, you can always put it on the top shelf. There is a lot of offensive material in libraries. Even if they are deemed offensive to someone, someone else could use this material for an article or project. Getting rid of a material can cause someone to lose information about what they are looking for. Books are still the easiest way to get information, but not when you get rid of them. The reason library materials should not be taken away is that children can always find this material on the Internet. If you get rid of these materials, you should probably get rid of your Internet as well. No matter how you try to stop your kids from finding or seeing offensive things, there is always a way for them to see it. Thus, offensive material should not be removed from the library shelves as it is needed and children will discover the offensive content whenever they want.
If you saw a book on your library shelf that somehow offended you, how would you react? Would you just pass the book aside and keep looking for another, or would you be so enthralled with this one that you demanded it be taken off the shelves immediately ? Every school, public library, movie theater, magazine stand, and any form of media in this world will do or say one thing or another that someone won't like. It can be in a magazine in the dos and don'ts section and you are slightly offended because you are doing something that is on the don'ts list or something about a specific breed. . Everyone, once in their life, has been accidentally hurt by the words and posts of other people around the world, but I don't think it's ever going to end. All forms of media are for learning and entertainment purposes. These things out there in the world are not for a specific group of people, they are for everyone. Each person has their own opinion and not everyone will agree with that person. Just because a person doesn't agree with what hairstyle is hot right now that doesn't mean they should take it out of their magazines for all of their viewers. To me, it's just ridiculous. So let's say you stumbled across a book on @ ORGANIZATION1 in the library and you are a person of Negro descent. Would you be offended? Or, say you were watching a show that was about slavery a hundred years ago, would that make you angry ? If I were a person of Negro background it wouldn't drive me crazy at all, because it's just history, a story that happened a long time ago that doesn't concern me. We couldn't throw these books away anyway because without these history books in school, we couldn't learn our history. History is important to everyone and if we don't learn it and they throw these books out, how would we prevent history from repeating itself ? When I was a young child my dad used to hit my mom, so my mom takes offense at anything in the media about abuse. I tried to get my mom to watch a movie with me called '@ CAPS1'. The movie is about a girl who is abused by her mother and has her father's babies and she finally comes out and improves her life and the lives of her children. My mom said she couldn't watch it with me because " it hit too close to my house ". Everyone is going to be offended in their life by the media. The media do not see you as a whole, but simply as a population. When a person doesn't like something, that doesn't mean it needs to be taken out or erased from history, it just needs to be rewritten or re-filmed. You can't control what everyone else says or does in the books or the movies, you just have to control how you view it. This is what I chose to do and I would say it works very well.
No, because people like different books, movies, music, and magazines. If people delete them, people will not come back to these libraries. They'll go somewhere else to get the movie or whatever. Some people want them to delete it, but others don't want it to be deleted. If you don't want your kid to read them, teach them a lesson, or whatever, don't let them get them
What do I think about the censorship of libraries? I believe there should be some censorship, but not too much censorship. Each person has their own interests and should be able to find something in their library that matches their interests. Some materials are too strong to be put in the library. There are stores that could provide you with this material to purchase. Most parents would not want their child to be exposed to certain materials, so they believe that libraries should not provide such materials. Now there are materials that push the limits of their content. They are strong, but not too strong not to be put in the libraries. Some people like these sturdy materials and should be able to find them in their libraries for their enjoyment. Just because someone does not appreciate this material provided by the library does not mean that the material should be removed. If that was the way it worked, there would be nothing in the library for people to enjoy. Each person has their own tastes when it comes to materials, whether they are more mature materials or a little more "tamed" materials. Everyone is inclined to their opinions, but their opinion does not decide what is or is not in their library. I myself enjoy a wide choice of materials from libraries. Solid materials, more "tamed" materials. It all depends on the interests and choices of the person. Sometimes @ MONTH1 I get disappointed when I look for something in a library and it isn't there, because for some people it's too loud, but for me and for others it's just a good source of harmless entertainment. In conclusion, I think there should be some censorship in libraries, but not too much censorship that people don't find the things that interest them. Everyone is entitled to their own beliefs and have their own form of entertainment, but their libraries should not be built on the opinions of an individual.
Do you think that books, music, movies or anything else that might have something offensive is being taken off the shelves of our libraries ? Well, that's what I'm going to talk about in my essay. I don't think there are any materials that should be taken off the shelves. The reason is, just because you don't like something that a book might contain doesn't mean another person won't like it. Also, some books that contain offensive stuff can help you realize the consequences that might come with it and might tell you about such things. Also, if you think the reading material is going to be something that you wouldn't read or think is inappropriate then don't read it, it saves it then when someone else wants actually read something like that, so let it. Sometimes I will go to the library to find a book that I saw somewhere in another store and they wouldn't have it, so I would ask them questions and they told me that if they don't. weren't there, there must be something in it that might be offensive to others. But I know a lot of people love these disgusting books and some don't. People have different opinions on things, so it's not because the person who takes the books from the shelf or puts them on the shelf doesn't like the book or thinks it's inappropriate. doesn't mean someone else won't like it either. Well, here's what I think about some books or anything with reading material that comes off the shelves. Hope this makes people realize that they like something other than you, so leave offensive reads out so people can learn that if they don't like it then don't read it.
Well, today I am going to tell you about censorship in books, music, movies, magazines in your libraries because some of them can be pretty graphic on some of the things they talk about or do in a story. But yes, some of them might be more graphic than others, but that doesn't mean you have to pull them out on your own. Not everyone is in a sex book, but there are people who like to read about this stuff. But some people like to read about murders and drug gangs and that's great. This is how everyone has their own taste on what they like. it can be a novel, @ ORGANIZATION1. Sports, @ CAPS1, just a true story that happened to someone etc. it's just the part of the world. how would it be if everyone liked the same things. pretty boring right yeah deffentally. So I don't think the books should be taken off the shelves. it might be someone's next best story. We never know. Now with music, yeah, your so called rap today is music your kids shouldn't be listening to. All they talk about is sex, drugs, alcohol, etc. But that doesn't give you the right to take them off the shelf, which is what some people like to listen to as well. but there is music that is not just about that. there are the oldies, country, jazz, hip hop, etc. but for the most part all the music is good, some of them are better than others, let's take country for now it's about sex, a little bit of trouble but that's not all song they're about manly country boys and the things they do or have happened to them over time, and they're pretty much right. So all the music is good, but without the music I don't think the world would be a very nice place. people listen to music all the time. when you are training, at work, driving or just sitting at home. So there is good music and bad music that you call. But with movies, there are movies made just for that reason, it's adult entertainment. which yes is a bit unnecessary, but this is where a prolly will never go. there are films made for sex, drugs, an achole. it's just the part of life, not everything is perfect. So on this topic, you need to tell your kids about these things to keep them from looking at them at a young age. because i think it plays a big role in teenage pregnancy, because they see it well, it looks fun, we should try it, and the sexual content is so easy to get. it's all over the web, etc. it's like medicine, it's so easy to get. there are methamphetamine labs everywhere for methamphetamine. and there is grass everywhere. you just gotta tell your kids what they can watch a cant. Disney, @ ORGANIZATION2, a @ CAPS2. are all great shows for the kids. so the parents are the masters of all that. Now on to magazines. there are millions of magazines all over the world, this is one thing that will never leave this world. they broadcast news, entertainment, comics, or advice on how to do something. that's what's going to be in this world until the end of the world. But yes, take it with caution, there are magazines that your kids should never watch before adults do. but that doesn't make bad people like watching these kinds of magazines, that's exactly what people like. it's not like you're going to stop your son from watching an @ CAPS3. or your girl watching porn. it is all apart from life. but you can prevent it from happening at a young age. you just need to make your child understand not to watch that stuff until you're older. but you can't stop everything. But all I'm trying to say is, yes, there are bad things and there are a lot of good things. but that does not give you the right to delete them
Do I think offensive reading material should be removed from library shelves ? No, books should not be taken out of libraries. If the students go to school and they are in high school, they pretty much already know what's going on in the world. Teens talk so much about their lives @ CAPS1. The students of High and @ CAPS2 will hear. If parents send their child to school and they don't want them to hear about it, don't send them to school! At school, they will hear verbal arguments and attend fights. If parents don't want them to hear about it from children other than what they tell them, they explain it to them. Somehow they will find out. It can come from parents, friends, teachers of anyone. Teens don't care if your child is watching when they are fighting; they don't worry about it then. The saying “one person messes up everything for everyone”, well, that's because some teens need to grow up and act their age. If you can't play your age then you shouldn't be in your class. If their parents let them watch movies they think are old enough to watch, don't take advantage. Taking books out of libraries will not change anything. The children will continue to fight and fight for the house. Yes, some books are a little outrageous, but not all books. To be fair, libraries should have book sections based on the age or year they are in. High school students should be able to control reading about sex, drugs or alcohol use. If they're not responsible for reading this, they shouldn't be getting this book anyway. Songs created today can get a little out of hand. If your child listens to this kind of music with all the bad words, about sex, drugs, alcohol. That parents, all you have to do is remove those songs. Mature teens shouldn't be punished just for not being able to watch a movie, listen to music, read a book or a magazine. It is not fair to these people. People their age should be able to read, watch the movie, or whatever, just because they can handle it better. So don't punish everyone just because of some immature kids messing up everyone
I write to reflect my take on censorship in libraries. I don't believe that some material, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should be taken off the shelves if they are found to be offensive. I don't think they should be deleted as everyone has their own opinion on what is acceptable and what is not. Just because one person doesn't like something or thinks it's offensive doesn't mean everyone is going to feel it. What one person might not like, the next person might like. The only way I think a certain material should be taken off the shelf is if there are a lot of complaints about the same material. So maybe the library should consider removing the item. That's why they have ratings and different sections in the library so that a person can know what kind of book they are going to read or what kind of movie they are going to watch. It doesn't make sense to go looking for a book or movie about something you don't like or think is offensive, there are plenty of things to choose from. How would someone feel if one of their favorite books or movies was pulled from library shelves because another person didn't like it ? They would be upset and disappointed with the situation. In conclusion, I don't agree that there are some materials that should be taken off the shelves if they are found to be offensive. Hope you will understand my point of view and take my thoughts into consideration
" Hey " I believe there are some materials, such as books, music, magazines, etc., should not be taken off the shelves if they are found to be offensive. First, I know people have different views on things like magazines, books, and music. And I also know that there are things that @ MONTH1 offends you, but others don't. Like music, there are all kinds of music. And I know some people find rap music offensive and some don't. Because a lot of people who don't find it offensive relate to it. Second, I think if people who find it offensive ignored it, that wouldn't be a problem. Because I know that maybe there is a type of magazine, book or even a type of music that they listen to that is offensive to someone else that they might not find offensive but I bet that someone else finds it offensive. So for them to judge these things would not be fair. Third, I'm pretty sure if something in the library was too offensive the library wouldn't have it. But maybe if we took the time to worry about ourselves instead of worrying about what's offensive and what isn't, then the world could be a better place. And yes, I understand that people have different views, but we shouldn't let that get to us. So you can see, I believe there are some materials, like books, music, magazines, etc., should not be taken off the shelves if they are found to be offensive. Because there are billions of people on this earth and I doubt they are all giving you the same answer. Because so many people have different opinions and beliefs about things.
According to Katherine Paterson, who wrote an article on censorship in the library. Should we have the right to freely withdraw a book, magazine, film, etc. ? Whether that offends us or not. I think we shouldn't have the right to take things off the shelves freely. If we had that right, it would cause problems in a lot of ways if you think about it. One problem this might cause is that people think of a book, movie, CD, etc. If a person looks and says "I don't like this and that about this." and then just pull it off the shelf, then it's one less thing for someone who loves it. Now, since that person doesn't like what the material offers to the public, that doesn't mean someone else hasn't. No one in this whole world is exactly the same. Every body in this world has its likes and dislikes. If they had the freedom to take things, then there would be nothing to read, listen to, watch, eat, etc. You also need to think about the impact it would have on the operations of stores, libraries, and other businesses. If everyone took everything off the shelves, what would be there to sell or read. If a business is not making money, then it will have to close. Especially in today's economy, no business wants to run out of money. In Katherine's article at the end, she said, "And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us." It's basically reiterating what I said earlier about everything people like and don't like. If you don't want your kids or anyone else to watch something you find offensive. You should approach it with one of the workers so they can move it to another section. As a section for older children and individuals. It's primarily up to parents to know what content you want your kids to watch. It is you who raise them as you wish. If you think they're too young for something then you tell them no or whatever. We shouldn't be allowed to take anything off the shelf. Books, movies, music, etc. are intended for entertainment. If this doesn't keep you entertained, that doesn't mean it isn't for anyone else.
There are a ton of books out there that have a deep meaning and a sense of compassion. But, other books can have nasty or hateful effects on the person reading them. Censorship, removing books, movies, magazines, etc. shelves so that a person cannot read or look at them, is a very positive thing. In many cases, censorship is a good thing. It protects young readers from being exposed to hateful things at such a young age. In librarians, the librarian should censor books for the younger ones so that they don't read the horrible and hurtful things that the book says. Like books, music, movies, and magazines should also be censored. Some music has a very catchy rhythm and could get stuck in a young person's head. This @ MONTH1 causes an effect on this child and they @ MONTH1 either start acting like this or want to become like the person the song describes. Films should also be censored. When I was little my parents did a good job censoring things that were bad for me to watch at that age. I hardly had nightmares because I was never exposed to this kind of writing when I was a child. On the other hand, my friend's parents weren't the best at censorship and allowed her to watch or read whatever she wanted. She had a lot of nightmares in the movies or books she read. Now, since I got older, my parents are starting to let me watch and read more censored stuff. In my experiences with this type of material, I had nightmares and I was personally offended by certain books. While the censored @ MONTH1 books have a great story behind them, the material behind them can cause a dispute between different people with different beliefs. Thousands of books are censored every year. Many of them have to do with different religions or races that people have different opinions about. Libraries must censor books to protect the carefree minds of young children
@ @ Organization1 Organization1 ' The people have types @ CAPS1 kinds of books, music, movies, etc. @ CAPS1 which they like as well as @ CAPS1 which they do not like. Which means it's up to you to decide what you like and you are @ ORGANIZATION1 forcing you to read or listen to anything you don't want to. Books, music, and other entertaining stuff are here as @ ORGANIZATION1, so if you don't like it, you don't have to deal with it. I think it is necessary for @ ORGANIZATION1 that the books be taken off the shelves just because someone took offense @ ORGANIZATION1. You were told at @ ORGANIZATION1 that you must read this book and that it was not the fault of the company or the author that you rented the book and felt insulted. Most likely @ ORGANIZATION1 directed the story at you, so why get upset about something that happened to you and broadcast it to the media ? You chose it @ ORGANIZATION1 @ ORGANIZATION1 @ ORGANIZATION1 @ ORGANIZATION1 @ ORGANIZATION1. Why waste the company investment in something that could be easily taken care of @ ORGANIZATION1 by simply picking it up from where you got it ? I've read @ CAPS1 books, listened to @ CAPS1 songs, and seen a lot of movies that weren't in my best interest, but didn't make them stop selling them because I'm pretty sure someone one likes it. Why stop someone else's pleasure because of my disinterest ? It really is @ ORGANIZATION1 that is needed. And that's the problem in the world today, people turn small situations into a big disaster for no reason. If you don't like it, don't get it. People have to put themselves in the shoes of the company and realize that if it were them, they would understand. Books, magazines, music, movies, etc. are made for everyone in the world to entertain those who are interested. Taking them off the shelves would be more than unnecessary just because someone doesn't like them. People have different views on life and this is what makes each individual different from each other. So why waste other people's fun just to get what you want? As I said before, it is necessary for @ ORGANIZATION1 to remove an item from the shelves because someone has taken offense at something. It's @ ORGANIZATION1 the company's fault, so don't buy it or take it back. Things would be so much better. Pick up the items that work best for you and leave the rest on the shelves.
Should offensive or graphic books be removed from the library ? Well, from my perspective, I think books, music, movies, magazines, etc. are amazing, exciting, and fun to read or watch, they shouldn't be taken off the shelves of the local library. For a fact, people in general have many kinds of tastes in books, their dramas, romances, actions, and many more that also apply to movies, magazines, etc. The public should not be punished for their interest in the topics and the way they take the book. . There should be an age limit where kids can't read certain books and older kids should read whatever they want. I love to read scary books myself, they give me chills and all kinds of questions go through my head. Someone else in my community might have the same thought pattern I have while reading a scary book. Without the books that don't match their personality, there would be fewer people reading in libraries and more people trying to keep busy and half of them might even get bored and start committing crimes, for stay busy. Members of the community have the right to read, hear or view any type of material they like. If people are really having a hard time with some of the material on display, they shouldn't even be picking it up to begin with. They should look for things that they would like, not just because the book is about “violence” or just because they don't like the theme they have, shouldn't blame other people who might like it. 'appreciate. The books and other materials were meant for us to enjoy them and the choice of writers or directors to share their stories with us. Without books like these, many people cannot have ideas to help them create their own book or novel. So this is my take on the situation, people should take advantage of the material they like. But, if you are one of those people who thinks books, movies, magazines should be done away with, take a day and read a book or watch a movie from your local library and see how that will change your mind.
There are many types of reading material that people can read in a library. You can find things about cars, trucks, sports, and made-up stories to keep you entertained. There is material in a library although it can be offensive. But should these documents be removed from the library ? Some think they should and some think they shouldn't be. In my opinion, I don't think things should be deleted from a library. Some people @ MONTH1 find things offensive and others @ MONTH1 think it's perfectly fine to have in a library. I think there should be certain zones and age limits for certain material that a person might find in a library. I think there should be age limits for certain types of reading. People don't want a little child to read something that is intended for an adult. It would teach children bad things that they don't need to read. I think there should be an area reserved for children from elementary to high school and that there should be a section reserved for adults. That way, kids don't read things that are meant for adults. I also think there should be more signs showing more on the subject of certain books. For example, if there are books on slavery, they should have space for books that talk about it so that people who are offended know they have to stay away. The same with magazines. I don't think they should be removed from a library if they are found to be offensive to certain people because other people @ MOIS1 like to read them. Some @ MONTH1 reading materials may be considered offensive to some people, but to others @ MONTH1 is not. I think things shouldn't be removed from libraries. There are some things that folks @ MONTH1 need to have in a library if they are doing a project this way, they have the resources to do it. I think some movies and music should be taken off the shelves if little kids are out loud in the store. children do not need to watch adult movies while in elementary school. It is not fair. Especially if the film promotes sex, violence, and other things that young children shouldn't be doing. So, in my opinion, there are some things that should and shouldn't be removed from a library. Music and movies that promote things young children shouldn't be doing. Magazines and other items should be kept out of the way where only adults can access them.
I don't think censorship should be an option for people who find a book, magazine, or movie offensive. I believe if a person decides to take a book off the shelf because they are offended, they are clearly paranoid. If some swear words are found in a book and a person doesn't want their children to read that book, then don't allow them to get it. Don't make everyone else suffer. Censorship is an unnecessary solution to something that isn't even a problem. You know what they say, 'If it ain't broke, don't fix it.' @ CAPS1 of all, people have a variety of opinions. Some people think violence is okay and others think it is not okay. If a person decides to put a book on a shelf because they find it offensive, what will the next person think ? They @ MONTH1 find violence perfectly acceptable and they might allow their children to read the book. It would then create a great conflict. Finally, parents must allow their children to grow and mature. They also need their children to know the difference between right and wrong. If they don't read violent books or movies or curse when they're young, what will they do when they find out when they're older? As a child, this is the time to learn life lessons and begin to make clear distinctions between good and bad. Protecting your children from this will only hinder their progress in understanding and learning thought on their own as adults. Censorship is the same thing that @ PERSON1 did to prevent people from thinking for themselves and finding out that their tactics were a great harm to society. In other words, censorship is part of fascism and shouldn't even be considered in @ CAPS2 society. The citizens of @ LOCATION1 have a responsibility to expose the truth and teach our children the differences between good and evil. This is one of the ideals that help make this country great
Censorship. Sometimes it is necessary, sometimes not. Children today are exposed to many adult things, whether it's watching TV or a movie, or just witnessing things at home. I think censorship is necessary for young children, they shouldn't be exposed to bad language, graphic scenes, or anything that is strictly for adults. They will experience these things one day, and they must be mature enough to understand them. Adolescents, on the other hand, are a whole different story. They want to hear foul language and see graphic, bloody scenes. It's all about action for boys, drama for girls, and everyone wants to hear those juicy details. Censorship won't stop them from moving on to the next movie or book on the shelf that has all of these things. Even though all teens act like it doesn't matter and they're old enough to see it all, sometimes they probably aren't. If you think that telling your teenage daughter or son that he is not allowed to watch a movie or read a book because of something he is saying, he will probably go online and see it all the way. way. Nothing is censored on the internet, so if you are focusing on censorship, don't go online. Adults don't need censorship. There, the adults, they can make their own decisions and they know what they want to watch or read. Getting things off the shelves of libraries is sometimes necessary. There should be sections, children, adolescents and adults. There are ratings on the movies and the books are written for a certain age limit so everything should be placed accordingly. Censorship is necessary, but it's your parents or guardian who will likely tell you whether or not you will be able to read a book or watch a movie. Some people find things more offensive than others. Censorship is therefore really in the eye of the beholder. Personally, I believe in censorship, but for others it is a waste of time. I wouldn't want my child to watch a movie where someone is brutally murdered and they swear all the other words. Music can be uncensored and censored, it depends on what you want to hear. Censorship is either loved or hated, that's a big opinion.
Each book in a library has its own relationship with each person who enters that library. Whether books relate to each person well or badly is not something that a mass of people decide. Each person has a different take on what makes a story interesting. There will never be a book that every human being accepts to be both appropriate and alive. Designed with distinctly different minds, people want to read distinctly different books, written by distinctly different authors. People should retain the right to choose the books they @ MONTH1 want to read. Never will a book bind the world. The minds of human beings are separated in too complex a way. For example; reading '@ CAPS1 @ CAPS2' by @ PERSON2 in my class @ CAPS3 last year was more than appropriate, although quite boring for the majority of the class. Books about racism, religion, and sexual content either intrigue a person's mind or otherwise disgust. Finding satisfying books that everyone in a community is okay with is simply never going to be done. There will always be that person who refuses to agree. It's a choice. It is a choice for everyone to read what he or she wants to read. If you impose something on a society of readers, what will they have left for the freedom of their own minds? Let's face it, forcing an atheist to read an emotionally complete novel of the faith @ CAPS4 will not be tolerated by the reader. The curse, for some people, takes a book to a realistic point. For others, however, it takes them further and further away from the story. A choice must remain the right of a person; especially read a book written to be read. Finding a suitable book is not the problem. This has not yet become the problem. The only problem is finding suitable books that are both compelling and compelling. I find '@ CAPS5 in @ CAPS6' dangerously inappropriate. However, it captivates my mind beyond other dimensions. Others I know choose not to read it because of the offensive content. Do I find this offensive to some? No, but I understand where others might find this offensive. There is no way to endorse a book for not being offensive because it is not offensive to everyone who reads it. To reiterate, the mind of man is unique, which does not identify with any other. To summarize the full idea of this position; everyone should have the choice to read what they want. Give everyone a choice and rebellion will take hold. Taking a book off a shelf only makes some people want to read it; sometimes completely rebellious. Katherine Paterson is absolutely correct that taking a book off the shelf every time someone wants it forbidden will not leave any books behind. As a person, I am well associated with my mind and it desires freedom of choice. Every human mind desires the freedom to choose. Give people a choice. Don't take any books off the shelf and let the results attract all who are interested in what interests them @ MONTH1. Let readers have their freedom.
In today's society, people see things in different ways. So things that might help one person @ MONTH1 offend another. In libraries, there are different types of books; fiction, non-fiction .. (etc). So if you don't like a particular book, maybe you should try looking elsewhere. I don't think the books should be taken off the shelves because the book offended a few people. We are fortunate to live at @ LOCATION1, where we have freedom of speech. Thus, authors have the freedom to write whatever they want. They work long hours to get a book ready for publication and then someone wants to take it off the shelf because it offended a few people? I don't think it's fair. “ Man's junk food @ CAPS1 is another man's treasure. " I think this quote is fine with this, because the book @ months.1 does not mean anything to a person but @ months.1 does the word for someone else. You never know what people @ MONTH1 need to hear. Maybe an alcoholic is at a point in his life and ready to change, and someone has a book about a recovering alcoholic. Now, this kind of @ MONTH1 book offends a few people, but it @ MONTH1 saves a family, a friendship or maybe even a life. Take @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 for example, his journal is now a book. Now this @ MONTH1 offends a few people who might have been there or maybe don't like @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5, but his story has a right to be told. Yes, there is violence in there, and I understand you might not want your @ NUM1 year to hear about the way he treats women @ CAPS4 @ CAPS7, but history has a right to be told and should be told. I don't think the librarian has the right to take a book off the library shelves just because it offended a few. There are many different types of books, if the books you are reading offend you, look for a different type of book.
I think a lot of books are good to read because some of them will tell you more about what you didn't know so you could pick a book you like and read it and you @ MOIS1 like it but don`t It doesn't make sense that you read a lot of the books that you read contain a type of character who might be talking about something else that is the opposite of what the other character is talking about. so that they can just pick up and read the book, it is always good to choose a reasonable book so that someone can read books that are positive and that would mean something to other people to read the same book as you read i think the best book is the one that tells you about life and what you need to know in order to be successful in life you @ MOIS1 come across a book that is true and step into it so that sometimes you can learn what you read and write about it on essay, magazine and movie book show a lot of action and what its like what they do, most people might think its boring to read a book about inaction, then they get a book that they have action on, so that might excite them more than a regular book, but most books have more pictures than words, you should take a book on the shelf that has what you need s having action books about the cause might not help you all the time plus the fun action books you read are not as good as what another book takes place in a store
In our society today, there will always be something that someone disagrees with or dislikes. Items should not be taken off the shelves just because someone takes offense. Everyone has a book or movie that they disagree with, but if it gets deleted just for that reason, it will only be left with a very limited selection. The students would take advantage and they would have the teaching books withdrawn. Removing items from shelves removes the history. Our history books tell us stories of slavery and discrimination. If someone takes offense at this and has it deleted, we are losing a part of our history that needs to be heard and taught so that it does not happen again. Library items are items that you can choose to check out or not to check out. If you take offense to something in the library, you don't have to read it. Something @ MONTH1 considers offensive @ MONTH1 is something that inspires and encourages someone else. Whether or not you like an article is up to your personal opinion and decisions shouldn't be made on the basis of someone's opinion alone. Think about it. If you have a favorite book, movie, or song, would you like it removed based on someone's opinion ? You have the right to be able to read, watch or listen to whatever you want. It shouldn't be limited based on someone else's opinion. It would cause a lot of arguments among the people. Some people have different opinions from others about a certain item in the library, which will lead to arguments and possible violence. There are so many wonderful and inspiring books and films and there will always be someone who doesn't like at least one of them. If any items are removed based on someone's opinion, there will be a very limited selection left. People read for fun and for knowledge. They deserve to have a wide choice. In our society today, there will always be something that someone disagrees with or dislikes. Our opinions should not be based on a person's aversion to something. If they take offense, they have the right to ignore it. There are so many books and films that teach us about life before our generation. We need these books and films so that there is no repetition of the events of all the difficult times that our ancestors had to go through. We need these books for future generations so that we can teach and guide them. Items should not be taken off the shelves on the basis that someone is offended.
Practice @ CAPS1 You @ CAPS2 The @ LOCATION1 is considered one of the largest countries in the world because it is a free country. On @ DATE1, people migrated here to escape their government's control over their home country. At @ LOCATION2, we practice freedom of expression. If we censor documents like books, music, movies, etc., it would defeat the purpose of @ LOCATION2 and @ ORGANIZATION1. Everyone has their own personality with their likes and dislikes. Not everyone likes the same music or is interested in reading the same topic, which is why it's wonderful that there is a variety of everything. If you start banning or censoring certain things, how will people learn ? There is nothing wrong with learning negative things because it teaches people lessons so that they know that @ CAPS1 or @ CAPS1 shouldn't do if they are in this situation. When you censor ' bad stuff ' it creates naïve thinkers, which only leads to discrimination. I agree that for children there should be disclaimers for material that parents @ MONTH1 find offensive. For example, movies have ratings for different age groups, and books could do the same. Of course, it is up to the parents if they want to follow the recommendations, but forbidding something all together is not necessary. I have personally learned a lot from @ CAPS1 that I have seen on TV. What is on TV @ MONTH1 to be considered " street smart " education , but that's good. Today we live in a scary and violent society, so being “street smart” is an advantage. If TV were censored, people wouldn't know that @ CAPS1 is in a bad situation because they've never experienced or seen it before. If books, movies, magazines, music, etc. are off the shelves, so @ LOCATION2 doesn't practice @ CAPS1, he preaches to the many people who come here seeking freedom.
Censorship should play a major role in getting books in and out of the library. That's why I think if a book, movie, magazine, or CD should be permanently taken off the shelf if it is found to be offensive to at least ten children. Now, it would be too much to ask the librarian to read all the books to make sure there isn't bad language or anything else that a parent might not want their child to read. Therefore, a library should have a certain section which, if a librarian thinks there might be foul language or a reference to drugs or alcohol, then that book should go to that part of the library. I have found books that have some pretty graphic material that I don't think a small child should read, but there is nothing I could do about it except take it to the librarian. Movies would be an important thing that they should watch out for. Just because the movie has a title that doesn't sound so bad doesn't mean that there won't be any graphic images in that movie, or that there won't be any inappropriate language used at some point. given of the film. Since movies are much easier to review and also have a rating, it should make it easier to know whether or not that movie should be on the shelves of a library. But there should definitely be a part in the library that if they wanted to allow certain movies that would be inappropriate for small children, then those movies should be put in that part of the library that has a door on it for kids to do. . know not to enter this room. Music would be another thing that you should really be careful with because with every song it could change the way the language is in this cd. So I think the librarian should sit down and personally listen to this cd before deciding to put it on the shelves for others to listen to. But personally I think there shouldn't be any music allowed in libraries just because with every new cd album an artist makes, he could easily change the way his wording is in songs. So you never know what the song artist is going to do with their music. An album can be perfectly fine and not contain a single swear word, but the next album he or she makes might just be loaded with swear words. Another possible way to prevent small children from hearing or reading inappropriate things is to categorize certain books, magazines, CDs, or movies by age. As a child grows, they will be taught certain things more. Then once he picks up this book and sees that it is mentioned in the book, it won't be that big of a shock to him or his parents. With the way things are today, it is almost impossible for a child to pick up something and not read about drugs or violence. So if you were to go through and remove anything that mentioned drugs or violence from the shelves, there would be nothing left on the shelves for the kids to listen to or read. You will not be able to watch every movie, book, magazine, or CD that has something to do with violence or alcohol use. But you can take some of the things that have a lot of that stuff in the trade. By simply removing some of the papers from the shelf that contains things that @ MONTH1 seem inappropriate for children to use, it will definitely make a big difference and could possibly protect your child from reading someday when they read and see a book. or listen to it on a CD and hear the artist mention something about it. Game designers are now starting to make all their games around the violene. So if you were to take all the games that contain violence and remove them from the shelf, there would be no more games for children to play. So, there are just things that contain violence that you can't stop your child from seeing at some point. All games have a rating, so you should have an adult check this rating before letting your child play this game. By doing this you will be able to control somewhat what your child will see and it will improve it. also, because then you will not remove games that other children might like and make them no longer available. So I pretty much explained how those responsible for games, books, movies, and CDs should review them and possibly listen to them or watch them just to see what they look like before putting them on the shelf. You don't have to censor everything, but there are definitely some things that shouldn't be put on the shelves for little kids to watch or listen to. And if a small child wants to get a game, a parent should watch the game and the assessment of the game to determine if that child is mature enough to handle what is going on in that game. But overall, personally, I don't. don't think they should just go by and ban everything from going on the shelves, it should be up to the child to determine if they can handle what this movie or book has
Do I think there are any books that should be taken off the shelves if they are found to be offensive? Well, what do you think? I think they should depend on the cause or degree of the offended party. I have a feeling that if there are any books, movies, or music that say or show some form of insert, it depends on who is offended. If you have a racist book against all races like blacks, asians or mexicans etc ... other minorities @ MONTH1 find out about these forms of insults and raise an issue about it then yes remove it shelves. If you have a confrontation about it, it could turn violent. Also, if you don't, they could sue you for racism or make it public to everyone that you are a racist library and that you will lose business. So to avoid all the fights and trials and other humiliations against you and the other minorities. If they bring up a situation, just remove it from the shelves so you can stay safe and them. In addition, they only come here to have the opportunity to start a new life, as they usually come from poverty-stricken towns, countries of origin. Myself, I'm not a racist person, I think we are equal, just unique individuals, we are all unique in our own way, that's what makes us who we are today.
Many people have many different thoughts and beliefs. Some @ MONTH1 people think a movie or song should be deleted, but others @ MONTH1 disagree, and no one wants the things they love deleted. If there was a book on a shelf in a bookstore that you disagreed with and thought should be deleted, and you deleted it, then you take away from someone who @ MONS1 appreciates this book. If everyone got things out of life that they didn't like, then there would be very little to enjoy. For example, I personally like horror movies. I love the thrill that a horror movie gives you and how they can make you jump even if it's just a movie screen. I'm sure there are people in this world who think horror movies are bogus. If these people were allowed to delete them forever, I and many others would be sadly disappointed. I also like video games. Video games are an integral part of my life, and I know for a fact that there are people who strongly disagree with some of their content. If people could take away video games because they don't agree with them, I would be crushed. I am also aware that people @ MONTH1 are just worried that their kids are watching movies, listening to songs, or reading books that are not suitable for them. I understand parents want their kids to be watched, but removing books, movies, and songs isn't exactly the answer. Movies and books can easily be censored. Many movies and songs have language filters, and some movie programs now have parenting options that allow parents to decide which movies they want to allow their children to watch. Parents can also supervise their children when downloading music to an ipod or phone, and depending on where they are purchased, @ MONTH1 books and magazines require parental permission. Video games also require parental permission based on the game rating. We can't just remove anything we don't like, because it's not fair to those who @ MONTH1 like it. We live in a world with many different ideas, thoughts and beliefs, and we all need an equal right to share them.
Today in society there are a lot of things that people have different opinions about. They can be of religion, race, or brought up in a different way. Today in libraries there are many books of all types. They can relate to all kinds of people. If a book discriminates against another individual, is that fair ? I think libraries should stay as they are and leave things as they were for different reasons. First of all, no one is the same, what can be bad for someone else can be good for another person. If someone just doesn't like the context of a book, movie, or even music, etc. They don't have to read it, watch it or listen to it. Since no one is the same, what someone might not find attractive may be something that someone else finds amazing. Second, it can be there for a specific purpose. The @ LOCATION2 was not always tied. If there are any books that talk about discrimination against other races, I think it just shows the story. If we didn't have a history, we wouldn't be able to see how @ LOCATION1 has progressed. From slave states to all free states. I think it's important that documents like this be left so that they can be viewed. Third reason, a library is supposed to consist of these different things like books, movies, music, etc. If we were to remove anything offensive in libraries, this wouldn't be a place where you could find the things you wanted. It would probably be a boring place. If there is no variety in a library, I don't see how it can be called a library. You can find anything you are looking for in a library, whether it is how to style the story of @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2. In conclusion, these reasons explain why libraries should stay as they are. The first is that what may be offensive to one individual may be different to someone else. Second, it would take a lot out of the story. Third, it wouldn't make a library what it is today. These are legal reasons why he should be left alone
In our public libraries we can find books on slavery, drugs, gangs, prostitution and violence. These books all have a story from our past. We cannot, as a society, forget our past because, as many historians say, history repeats itself. If we start censoring our libraries, this whole story will be forgotten and / or lost. Libraries can help us in different ways. They help us with school projects, business projects and libraries to improve our knowledge as a person. You can't censor libraries just because someone finds a book offensive. Slavery stories are always insulted by people @ DATE1, but if we start taking stories about people who have been enslaved and hiding them from people, we will fall back into this terrible past. There are gang stories of terrifying people, like @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2. He killed a lot of people, destroyed a lot of stores and probably even sold a lot of drugs. We need history to show our weakness as a nation and not hide from us because of this weakness, but take the opportunity to improve our cities, improve the training of our police officers and, above all, better raise the next generation of people. children. There are more than books in the public library, there are films and documentaries about our nation and @ CAPS3. Films about @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 @ NUM1 and @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 @ NUM2. These types of movies can show how horrible @ CAPS4 is and how cruel people can be. During @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 @ NUM2, there was @ CAPS9 where six million Jews lost their lives because one person, @ PERSON2, did not love them. People have made movies like these to show @ CAPS3 how devastating man can be, but people have made movies about amazing discoveries and amazing places. For example @ PERSON1. One of the biggest discoveries among @ CAPS3. Music can also be a good way to improve yourself. If you play an instrument and need some music to play, why not go to the library to find it? You don't have to worry about paying for a @ MONEY1 CD and you can use it until you're done with it, then come back. Then, with the advancement of our technological knowledge, people can burn CDs on a computer and put them on their ipod or @ NUM4 drive. Plus, the library is a great place to look for the music you love. So, should we censor our libraries? NO! It shouldn't and the main reason why is because it's history. History of our country, history of our @ CAPS3, and history of sad and difficult times. Instead of censoring our youth from @ DATE1 in the story, we need to set age limits. Young people of a certain age cannot read certain books unless they are with a parent or guardian. This is a simple way to keep our children from preparing to mature while still being able to get the history they need because, as historians always say, history repeats itself and as a nation in growing, we need to improve ourselves in every way we can. . The answer to this is through our history.
I don't think the books that would afflict people should be on the shelves. some of the books that may be on the shelf @ MONTH1 hurt some feelings. But I also think people should be able to read whatever they want to read. a lot of people wouldn't read a book that they thought would distress them. There are many types of books, not all books will be bad or distress people. but books that are not suitable for young children or adolescents should not even be in school libraries. In public libraries, I think it should be acceptable to have all types of books. and have different books in different places. like having the adalt youth section and the adalt and children section. I think Screton books should be sold in bookstores, as I don't think they should have inappropriate books in children's bookstores. They should have a different store for certain books. And parents should watch what children read and participate in the book by helping them understand what the book says. There are a lot of parents out there who don't really care what the kids read, and for me that's a big deal, but my idea is that they shouldn't let the kids read what they want. Parents should be with the child when choosing a book. But if he's a teenager @ DATE1 and up, I think he'd be old enough to pick and choose what he wants to read. by the time they reach this age, they have matured enough to read and understand things much more easily
Hi i am henry and i agree that if there are any books in a school or public library which are offensive they should be removed. I'm a type of person who believes offensive books shouldn't be in libraries because I like to see people upset or angry because they've read a book that scared them. This includes magazines, movies, and even music. myself, henry read a few books that scared me or made fun of black people and i have black friends. if I could have it my way, I would have all the books like it outside of school libraries and public libraries. And I say that because little kids don't need to read that stuff and neither do we. it's like music these days, you turn on a radio station and people swear and laugh at other people of color. Plus, you can't figure out what's being said half the time. They need to put on some music that you can understand that doesn't have profanity in it and that you can understand because some kids like to listen to music. magazines, I watch a lot of magazines myself, but there are all of them like coon hunting magazines or four wheeler magazines looking for tires or something like that. but yes also bad magazines don't have to go that way that little kids don't look at them. also it mite helps some crimes to stop. I say this because people watch magazines that talk about filming and talk about crime. So people see here and there like I want to try this moment. so they call buddies there and say let's try this and most of them then do it in trouble. so i think it would help to grab all the bad magazines that were made and throw them away and things change. make a few that have cartoons and comics for little kids. you can even try making healthy ones that promote good health for individuals and teens. For me, maybe things would change if we got all the naughty things from books, magazines, music. Movies is a big deal, pretty much every movie is bad. There are some good ones if you look. but i have no idea how we could change the movies one way or another. It was my take on things. Hope everything makes sense about how I feel and how I think about things.
Why censor something someone has worked hard on? People have invested money and countless hours writing this and yet you want to censor it. You see, honestly, there's no need to censor anything in the library because there are certain sections for certain people, so all of this conversation shouldn't be happening in the first place. People just like to choose what they can't handle during intense times, like the word nigger. the reviewer and all the immature people just don't have to read or go to the library, but that's just me. immature and if you don't like it then don't read it. Always think about what you are doing before you decide
I think some documents like books, movies, magazines, etc. should be removed from shelves if they are found to be offensive. I think offensive books, movies, music, etc. should be taken off the shelves, as this essentially encourages young children to think that if they see something inappropriate, they can look at it. I wouldn't want my brother or sister to watch or see anything that is not appropriate. I remember there was a time when I was thirteen and my mom and stepdad at the time disagreed that I should have @ PERSON1, @ CAPS1 or @ NUM1 on my TV, they thought I was too young to watch what was on @ CAPS2 and it was inappropriate in their opinion. I didn't agree with that, I thought I should be allowed to watch it because I liked the shows and they were interesting to watch. Not everything that was on @ CAPS2 was that bad in my opinion. When I watched clips on @ CAPS1, every song that was playing was the edited version. I had to argue and prove why I should have @ NUM2, @ NUM1 on my @ CAPS2. Parents all have different opinions about what is good and what is bad for their children. In my case, my mom didn't want me to look at anything bad. She knew what it was like when she was young. She thought that maybe I would think that what I see on @ CAPS2 is not a bad thing. I told myself that well I'm young and that I will eventually learn what is good and what is bad in the long run
TAKE @ CAPS1 TO @ CAPS2 Everyone will read a book in their lifetime at some point in their life. The author cannot filter through the entire book to remove offensive language, racial remarks, slurs, etc. An offense for one person @ MONTH1 will not be offensive to another. I strongly disagree that books should be taken down if they are found to be offensive to a specific group, person or community. Most books are organized into categories by maturity and genre. The reader should know where he falls among these categories, so that he is not offended. Maturity comes with understanding. The books are classified by genre. Most of the time, the @ CAPS2 is inspired by the genre. The timing of the book is also a key factor. When @ CAPS2, an author should take this into account. If the book parameter was @ NUM1 AD, the author would not want to use today's grammar. The reader should be informed of the books he has read @ MONTH1 before doing so. From one reader to another, taking the @ CAPS1 on what you read is the real solution. Maturity comes with understanding. If the reader is mature enough to understand @ CAPS2, then the book matches that child's age. This is why I totally agree that books should not be taken off the shelves if they are found to be offensive to any person, group or community.
Should the offending books be removed? I think they should not be eliminated if they are offensive. If we remove the offensive elements from the self, there is no longer any from the self. If we could all remove the book, movie, or music that bothers us, then there wouldn't be any books, movies, or music about us. First of all, there will be no war books, movies or music on you. All hippies will take war stuff off because they don't like war. They will say it is harmless for them to remove them. I think we should read about war and witches because it's a good way to learn our mistake. If we don't learn the error of war we will lose and we will not learn how we lose and we will go into war again and again we will win and lose a lot because we will not learn how we lost . Second, all the music that is good and bad will be taken away from you. All the mothers who are proactive, they'll take them done. There is bad language and bad theme. If they shoot them down, how can soccer players, soldiers and fighters be ready for the fight if they don't have the songs they love to listen to and are warming up for the fight. Finally, they'll bring out all of the Star Wars and Forgotten Realms books. Some people don't like them because they think it won't come true and they'll take them out and say it offends them by thinking wisely. Star wars is a good book and a good movie and forgetten ralms is a good book-making business. This is all why I don't want this to happen. All the great music and books and movies are gone and the people who love them get mad.
Anyone can think of something that we didn't like or want to see. If you've been offended by that one thing, do you think you should have the right to withdraw or ban it ? Or what if you liked the choice of what the place had, but someone else didn't? Should they have the right to withdraw it just because they don't approve? What if @ NUM1 people walked into a library with @ NUM2 books, magazines, music, and movies, and @ NUM3 of them didn't like any part of the library and wanted all books, magazines, music, and movies removed ? Even though the other @ NUM4s liked what they saw? Do you think it's just because some people don't approve, that they choose ? I don't think it would be fair if only one person could have the right to do this. If something is so offensive to so many people, they must be mature enough to ignore what they see and find what they like. If someone didn't like your house and said I don't want to see it, should they tear it down like nothing ? The world would have endless chaos if people had too much power to change things. It could only get worse. I've run into issues between people who don't agree to throw it away or keep it. One solution might be to just move it to a different area where, if some people want to look at the item, they could do so, otherwise have separate parts of a room that are divided into all of the ranges. If you read this and think about how many different options you have to do without worrying about offending people, you will realize that no one should be able to take that one thing that you would like to keep for yourself. enjoy and Be happy.
Yes, I think the books should be deleted if they contain derogatory terms like racial slurs that disrespect the race of ANY human etc. bad things shouldn't because as I see everyone is going to learn it one way or another and when you hear songs for multiple songs you tend to start knowing the words and if you repeat the words in front of a parent, that's when they can go into the learn to ride and tell them drugs and words are not right. Really, if the kids pick up the book and are able to read what it says, I feel like they should know right from wrong by then and clearly if anyone is using bad language like the word @ CAPS1, they will know it is wrong and if they continue to listen to it, it is on them.
If I was about to read a newspaper, the kids shouldn't be looking at a book and should be glued to a shelf. The reason I say it is because kids don't get ideas from a book that isn't right for them. I thank this is the reason why there are more girls who become pragmatic at a young age. Thank you if we were to transfer the notebook, there would be less pagnet girls. I really appreciate it might work if we could kick all the notebooks off the shelves and make it a law that you had to be Sherton's age to look at them. I would love to see a change in the way we look at the notebook. Thank you for being @ NUM1 to view books which are remarkable. It would be good to try a wiyel. I thank him for his work as it would not be visible to the children and they would not want to have babies as a teenager. This is how I thank that it should have been done in the farist place. We wouldn't have such miny problems in the first place. But I thank you for not believing that it is too difficult to make a child run at a young age. If we didn't have to see, then we shouldn't have seen.
Censorship is a growing problem in today's literary world. Censorship does not always allow the author to properly express his ideas as they were originally intended. Katherine Paterson says if everything was out loud to eliminate the things we thought were bad then there would be nothing more to complain about. Censorship leads to an ignorant society with no opinion and no idea. In the novel '@ CAPS1 @ NUM1', censorship is one of the main themes of the story. Bradbury describes burning books as the way to end all controversial opinions. @ PERSON3 finds that the burning of books has caused the society he lives in to ignore what is going on around them. The government has tried to rule out all causes of controversial opinions in the hope that it will make society happier. When in reality the members of the world are not happy and are constantly showing the reader that they don't know how to be happy. @ PERSON3 decides he wants to learn, but he doesn't know how. The brain is a muscle, if it is not exercised properly it becomes weak and useless. So when it tries to memorize part of @ CAPS2, it cannot remember what it has read. Like trying to fill a sieve full of sand, he doesn't know how to learn. The members of this society of novels are fundamentally without an opinion on what is going on in their world. What they are told on television is considered factual, and it is what they do all day. In school, children are fed fact after fact and are expected to agree with what they are told without asking questions. In a normal society, learning leads to questioning. But for them, there is no learning, just acceptance. And acceptance leads to contentment, which in the end leads to unhappiness. The company in '@ CAPS1 @ NUM1' turns out to be oblivious to everything that is happening in different ways. For them, death is not serious. @ PERSON2 was killed by a speeding car, and @ PERSON4, @ CAPS4's wife, wasn't even shocked to hear it. Another example is when @ PERSON3 was running away from the police and a car full of rowdy teenagers tried to run over him just because they wanted to. At the end of the novel, @ PERSON3 walks along the train tracks with his new friends and the entire town is reduced to dust by the bombs dropped by fighter planes. The city had no idea this was going to happen, they had no idea of the war going on around them every day! A helpless society is a useless society, and in the end they were destroyed. Censorship is in the hands of the spectator. Censorship has become such a big problem in the world when there are so many other things that people should be worried about. Reading the story of someone who uses drugs won't make a child want to do drugs, it crosses the minds of every teenager at least once. But instead of not even letting them realize it's out there, parents should do what they pledged to do, teach your kids right from wrong, and hope you did it right. .
Do I think that if books, movies, music, magazines, etc. should be taken off the shelves just because they are offensive ? No, I don't think stuff should be taken off the shelves just because someone thinks or takes it offensive. Let's say this ok if everyone said this book is offensive, or I don't think this movie should be on this shelf because I think it's offensive or this or that then we wouldn't have anything to watch, lissin to, or even read. I understand that yes, people have rights and believe in something, but that doesn't mean they have a say in what should stay or what should go. If we let people do this, no one would be able to watch, read, play, or even have fun. We the people have used these things to have something to keep in touch. Let's say it's okay, we all know how little kids got their emanginashon and they used it to keep them in touch just like us old people used books, music, movies etc. to keep us in touch. Well, if we didn't have this stuff, we'd be lost and we wouldn't know what to do with this stuff. Just think of our little children if we took them there, that they would be lost and they would hope because this is how they learn and grow. We the people use it every day not only to keep in touch but also to help us learn more about what we need to learn in order to survive in everyday life. See where we are no different from our children. they have used whatever they find or see to keep them in touch and for their enjoyment. If people really thought about what they are really going to do when they take something off the shelves, they would be sorry that what they did was stunned because now they have nothing to read, read, or even watch. I myself have had the experience of what it's like to have something like this on the shelves before and it's really not cool at all before it happens. Taking something off the shelves that is a little offensive doesn't mean it should be taken off the shelves. I think if people who took something off the shelves just because someone thought it was offensive if it was wrong and shouldn't take something that others like. I mean, just see what the thing talks about first and see if it's offensive to you or not and maybe it's something that people could learn from. Pick up something before you even read it yourself is amazed of you because others like it and you like it, who knows. I just think people should really think twice before they go and take something off the shelves without a lot of people giving you a bad comment before they just take someone open on it.
Offensive or @ CAPS1 ? Who can really say that a book, movie, music or magazine is really offensive. There are some of the obvious movies that completely mock or taunt someone's personal views as a religion or a way of life, but is a book about a Wizarding World really that offensive? Growing up, I had a friend who was very religious. Her parents would never let her read @ ORGANIZATION1's books from @ PERSON1. At the time, I didn't understand why she couldn't read such fantastic books. Now that I'm older, I understand his parents believe in 'The @ CAPS2' and nothing more. Make believe and imagination @ CAPS1 was an appropriate thing for their child to read. For many families, although the @ ORGANIZATION1 @ ORGANIZATION1 series is nothing more than a different world in which they can break free from the real world. Should a book that many people love and adore be taken off the shelves because some families are offended? Personally, I don't think they should. While my family loves books and movies, some families don't. It is their way of life and their opinion. Everyone has an opinion, and if we took out anything in this world that might offend someone, we would end up with nothing. The movies would be boring, the @ CAPS1 stories would be interesting, and there would be no music. If our world was based on the opinions of others and made everyone happy, we would have @ CAPS1 music. Music is a way for someone to free their soul. The different sounds of music are based on generations. My mom's generation was based on @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 '@ CAPS5 and mine is @ CAPS6, @ CAPS7 & @ CAPS8, @ CAPS9. So what would really happen if all the offensive material was pulled from the shelves of a public library or say an @ ORGANIZATION2. The shelves would be empty. Empty shelves would look horrible. Everyone is offended by something. I take offense at rape scenes in movies, but some people believe that in certain situations it makes a movie better. My friend's family is offended by the imaginary world of @ ORGANIZATION1 @ ORGANIZATION1, and I believe that somewhere in our world there is another world, a wizarding world indeed. People believe in a lot of different things and like a lot of different things. I have never met a person who looks exactly like me, because there is one from @ CAPS1. I'm an individual like everyone else and if the things I loved were taken off a shelf because someone was offended, then my life would be boring because I wouldn't have the things I enjoy. In some cases, some offensive things should be taken off the shelves, but who am I to say they should be, because there is someone who thinks they should be on the shelves of @ LOCATION1
As said before, there would be no books to read if everyone deleted what they found offensive. Libraries would have a very watered-down material base and there would be no reason to use this place anymore. Some subjects are not suitable for young ages, there are many advanced subjects that can be learned; libraries should therefore only separate their books as they already do. Some materials seem advanced to others, but these materials are needed to advance academic growth. Some people should think that the school should not read @ PERSON1 because of the racism in the south. This was the real story, so there should be no restrictions on this kind of book. If there were those kinds of restrictions, schools would run out of the best literature on history. Just as movies do for the general population, @ CAPS1 is for @ NUM1 and up while @ NUM2 is for @ NUM3 and up. These are good standards that prevent young people from seeing what they are not yet ready for. This concept should be used in the same way in those libraries where there seems to be a problem. However, this is already done in libraries. There would be no reason to divide these sections more than they already are. There is the young adult, adult and youth section. These are the main categories that most people want because of the offensive material like drugs, sex, and alcohol. Much of the media that is public today is censored and that benefits a lot of young people, but there comes a time when the public needs to realize that sheltering young people can delay them in plan. school.
Are books and other items found in libraries offensive to some ? Why is this offensive and how is it offensive? What should be done about books, movies, magazines, and movies that are offensive to some people ? In my opinion, there are books that I could think of that are offensive to others for special reasons. Some @ MONTH1 reasons include: criticism of races, comments in the book, how the author wrote it and to whom it was written. Others find certain books, music, magazines, and movies offensive because of the terms people use. Some people take offense just because they think this is for them, and they take it personally. Music can be offensive to some people because of the language they use. They might despise it because their kids @ MONTH1 listen to it, and today kids say things they come from music and try to be like the person saying it. Movies can be offensive because of the language, the violence, the way people are treated. A good movie would be @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3. There is violence, there is language, and people are treated in a prejudicial way. But overall the movie teaches you about the war and the things they went through to get our country to where it is today. Magazines might be offensive by the words used, such as slang, swear words, and violent words. Magazines might have pictures of naked people and most parents don't want their kids to get their hands on things like that. Overall, I think any of these things could be shocking to some people, and probably are, but they shouldn't be taking it off the shelf because it's shocking to some people. If you look at it a certain way, anything in the library might be offensive to someone, and if the case is to take anything that is offensive, they might have to take whatever is in the library. library. So I don't think it's fair that they take things off that are offensive to some people. If it offends you, don't read it, listen to it or even watch it, no one is forcing you to do it, you do it yourself. It is therefore not right to remove things shelves simply because some people do not like.
Censorship? What is that? Well, from what I know, censorship is where you get blocked from certain things that you can never bring to the place that blocked it. So the question is whether it is wrong to censor something or not, I think libraries should be able to censor certain things that people find offensive. The number one reason I think it's fair that people can censor things is because little kids might take a peek at what they shouldn't be watching, as far as things go. magazines and also movies. The next reason I think labs should be able to censor is because people can find things offensive just like music, for example like foul language can be listened to and also naughty things can be watched in movies. . My last reasoning why I think it's fair that libraries can censor things is because some people like to read, but in their reading they can be bad things that they find offensive and they can always find a way remove an item from a lab. These are the reasons why I think they should be able to censor books, music, movies and also magazines. My first reasoning for why I think it's fair that libraries can censor books, music, movies, and magazines is because little kids might be able to look at things they shouldn't be able to throw away. a glance. These things could be like pronography, and also some really horrible things in magazines and in movies. If these things were in labs, they could possibly show other kids, in which it wouldn't be good. This can be a problem because parents can blame the libraries for saying that the employees did not do a good job looking after the children. Also, I think they should be able to censor movies because little kids shouldn't watch beautiful movies at a young age. It can really hurt them and others if they learn and see what's in these movies and magazines. Labs can also censor music. I also think that libraries can censor music because in music these days there are some really bad things that anyone can find that is offensive. Small children can listen to vulgar words that are in songs and they could repeat them to other people. This can be bad in many ways because first of all they may not know what they are saying, so if one day they tell an adult that adult may blame the library owners. Plus, they should be able to censor movies again, as naughty things can be shown in these movies that certain age levels shouldn't be able to see. These are the reasons why libraries have the right to censor music and movies. They also have the right to censor books. The books in their libraries are great, but some books shouldn't be able to be in a library, some books such as books on faith and other religions. And also on gursome articles. Some people may find books on religion and faith very offensive because some people @ MONTH1 disagree about other religions. And to minimize this problem, libraries can remove these books so people don't find them offensive. Also, libraries should censor certain books about death because it can really affect a person and they can show other people that it will find it very offensive. That's why I think libraries should be able to censor things. In conclusion, libraries should be able to censor books, music, movies and magazines, because in some books they can have religion issues and death issues, movies because in some movies it can show prography and gursome things that people shouldn't be looking at, and they should be able to censor magazines and music because in magazines kids could look at certain things that they shouldn't be watching. And they should be able to censor music because people can be offended if they ever listen to vulgar language. So in other words, I think libraries should be able to censor books, music, movies, and magazines.
Libraries are intended for children and adults of all ages. Because everyone has different views on life, different beliefs, and different feelings, @ CAPS4 makes @ CAPS4 difficult for libraries to appeal to everyone. There are also different genres that people like to read. Some @ MONTH1 enjoy romance and comedy, while others enjoy reading action books or detective novels. Today, libraries have sections dedicated to different kinds of material. They have children, fiction, information and many more. They also have different spaces where you can find movies or magazines. But, if there are any magazines, books or movies, which should only be viewed at a certain age, the library should put a warning sign in the areas where these materials are located. On the back of the films there is a note on @ CAPS1 bad for the film. Why not put a note on the back of books and magazines? This way people can know what to expect if they read @ CAPS4. @ CAPS4 would also help them decide if they even want to read @ CAPS4. Notes on the backs of magazines and books would help determine the appropriate age for @ CAPS4. Once, while I was visiting the library, there was a man in the queue just ahead of me. @ CAPS3 returned the book that @ CAPS3 had just read and checked the new one that @ CAPS3 had already chosen. When @ CAPS4 finally lined up, @ CAPS3 walked over to the counter and explained to the sweet old lady at the front desk what @ CAPS3 had wanted to do with her books. She just figured out that @ CAPS3 wanted to verify and return one. As she checked it out she was having a little chat and asked, "@ CAPS1 did you like your book, @ CAPS2 ?" @ CAPS3 replied '@ CAPS4 was not what I expected. @ CAPS4 was completely inappropriate. 'As they chatted some more, @ CAPS4 turned out there were tons of swear words throughout the book. This is an example of @ CAPS1 people don't know what to expect when reading a book. I don't think libraries should take things that people have complained about off the shelves. They should just do something so that people know what to expect when they read books, magazines, or movies. Some people @ MONTH1 don't mind reading a book with a few curses here and there, but others @ MONTH1 find @ CAPS4 outrageous. Libraries spend their money to buy these books for the communities. Why remove a book if only a few people find @ CAPS4 offensive ? No one is forcing these people to read these books, it's their choice. Libraries need to find a way to reassure people that they will enjoy what they read and will not be offended by @ CAPS4
Should or should they @ CAPS1 ? What do you think? Music, books, movies and many more have been asked about either how they look or what they say. Most people bring up that young children @ CAPS1 should hear this or read about it at such a young age, but children have their own ideas. In my opinion @ CAPS1 thinks they should be taken off the shelf or sold. But what does everyone think? Is it a bad idea to keep them awake and let kids learn it at such a young age or does it help teach them @ CAPS1 to be like that? One of the main reasons I think it should be left as is so kids can read it. Sometimes they have to learn right from wrong. Children are best learned at a young age and just trying to hide things from them will make them want it more. Let's use music for example, some music is just shouting and swearing. In real life, many children have to listen to parents fighting and screaming. So why don't they have the choice to listen to it when they want to? There are also the bad things about keeping them on the shelves. As a mom and a teenager, I feel like I should have a choice to do whatever I want, but at the same time, I would never let my daughter hear or read some of the things that I do. This brings me to my next point. If you really have a problem with some of the stuff out there why would you let your kids get it. As a teegager I was going to buy a lot of music that I shouldn't listen to, but even though my daughter was @ NUM1 there was no way I was going to let her get it. After all, I am the parent, am I not? I have a say in what my daughter can and cannot do. So do you on your own child. If other parents don't have a say in what their child gets just because they don't care, well, @ CAPS1 is your problem. There should however be age limits on what certain are allowed to obtain parental permission or @ CAPS1. Books containing sex scenes and murders should @ CAPS1 be allowed in their @ NUM2 years old books. Sure, teens think they know everything, but still they shouldn't be allowed to read something adults do. Most @ NUM1 year olds don't hear about all drugs, sex, or teenage pregnancy. As much as they should learn about it, they might as well ask parents to choose which book they should read to find out about this kind of thing. I think every library that has sex books and a lot of swear words should be put in a specific place that only adults can access. Video games have to have an age limit, so why shouldn't books have the exact same thing? The only reason they haven't done anything so far is that @ CAPS1 is enough for parents. This is your chance to stand up and show them that you want to make a change, that you won't let your kids hear about things without your knowledge. This brings me to my conclusion. Where are the parents there? Why don't you step in and show people the right way to live ? Make sure your nearest library has age limits on what little ones can read. See if the books you let your son / daughter view are age-appropriate or @ CAPS1. Finally, @ CAPS1 at least tries to convince your librarian to create groups of books. Some for the youngest, others for the older ones. It wouldn't kill for you to give your opinion and try to control this sort of thing and @ CAPS1 just deleted. Why suppress the interests of others when you can just put an age limit and @ CAPS1 lets your kid take it over. Today is the day !! Make a note !!
Some people think the offending books should be off on their own, but others think it shouldn't be allowed. I don't believe some materials (books, movies and magazines. If we take Evey book on auto then there wouldn't be a book to read. If we start taking offensive books from auto then all incoming body would be taking @ NUM1 pounds on us. Then in two days there would be no more books left. If we didn't have any books our eyes would be bad. We shouldn't take the pounds off ourselves because some people like to read. If people don't like books from the library, then they shouldn't go to the library to get books. That is why people shouldn't take offensive books by themselves It will make people's eyes so bad that they won't see well at all.
Reading it is a joy for some and a pain for others. Do I think library items with offensive details should be cleaned or removed from the shelves ? There are things that could be censored, and there are things that would not be worth using if they were censored. However, yes, I think there are items in the library that could be censored. I'll tell you why they should be censored and what should be censored. The types of library items that should not be cleaned up. A perfect example of such items are historical documentaries or historical books, they have no other way to convey the necessary information to the reader or viewer. There are other types of library items in the library that could be censored. As there are magazines and movies that show uncensored scenes or pages that don't need to be seen if there is even a view to convey. I think a movie, book, or magazine should only be uncensored if it's trying to get a message across. If there are any uncensored items that are not subject to message, then they have nothing to do in the library. As people can see in the library, there are times when an uncensored book, movie, or magazine is very useful for getting information. There are more circumstances where a library item doesn't need uncensored detail because it's just offensive. If you ask me if I think censorship is important in libraries, I should answer yes and no. I just gave you a few reasons why I would say this. The next time you're in the library looking for a book, ask yourself a question: is it too offensive to be important.
Have you ever imagined going to the library and picking up a magazine from the shelves and finding it offensive and there is nothing you can do about it ? Well now you can say whatever you want because Katherine Paterson and I when we went to a library together we picked a magazine off the shelves and there was a lot of offensive stuff we didn't like. We went to see the lady across the way and she didn't even know where those magazines were. She got really mad and when she got back to the shelf there were a lot of magazines with reviews, photos and even offensive comments. We collected all the magazines and threw them away. In my opinion, I think that stuff that is offensive like movies, music and magazines should be deleted. They should be removed because it has a bad influence on young people, and it gives them an image in their head and they do it later or maybe say it to the public or even in their homes. They should be taken out because it gets into trouble for a lot of people and forces them to do what they see, it affects children and they become more violent towards their school, their friends and even their mothers. We have to remove all of this offensive stuff because we see it everywhere and it's easy to find like in the movies, it gets to the point where you see naked girls in every movie. Parents have to do something because they are the ones who buy them and then leave them all over the house and it is easy for the kids to find it. We need to be more careful with what we but or what we read because you may find it offensive then your kids @ MOIS1 read it and they would think something else. So the next time you buy or go somewhere and find something offensive, talk to the manager or supervisor about removing it. That's why I think they should be deleted
Parents should tell their children what they are allowed to read at certain ages. This is where my opinion will begin, and say why this is so. I will explain why I disagree with this statement. Also, give the reasons why I feel this about the statement. I really think anyone should be able to read the kind of books they like. The library is where they get the books. So just because a parent doesn't want their child to read a certain book doesn't mean the book shouldn't be there. I think parents need to tell their kids why they don't want them to read a book. If the parents explain, the children will understand why it is not good for them. These types of books are what older people love and they are very interesting. I think if people understand what the book is about and if they don't mind, then they're old enough for it. In addition, young children who should not be reading these books should have an adult or guardian with them, so they may prevent the child from reading anything that is not appropriate. Another thing that will bother a lot of people is that they can't get a book just because the parents don't like it. It takes us away right away, and we shouldn't have to buy the book and read it just once. If these books are so horrible, why would people write them again? So if they haven't bothered people that much yet, there's no reason people shouldn't like it now. People should be able to do what they love and not have it taken away. This is my opinion on the statement. A lot of people @ MONTH1 disagree but I just tried to get people to understand my take on this statement. Then everyone can help stop people from taking things away from the community that make them happy. In addition, I hope that people can still have their rights and not let a few people take them away.
Television, news, drama, life and controversy. These are just a few of the things the books are written about. Some subjects are considered vulgar and inappropriate for young audiences. Many people believe that their children have a right to learn all that books can offer, but is it really such a good thing? Books have long been an important tool for students. However, not all books should be considered appropriate for all audiences. Stories about knights and princesses are great for young people, but other stories about the darker sides of life are normally kept out of the hands of children. Books are censored for all kinds of reasons. Some of these reasons are trivial and shouldn't prevent a book from reaching its full potential. The truth is, there is a line that must not be crossed, and some books cross that line and are banned. Great. However, some books do not "cross the line" and are still banned. Honestly, you have to think carefully before you make the decision to ban a book or leave it on the shelves. If a book is written with only minor obscenities by a recognized author and it is banned, the author is under no serious pressure because the ban will be well known and consumers will always buy the book just for the chance of it. read. However, if a relatively unknown author writes a neat article that contains a few places where author @ MONTH1 has made a somewhat vulgar reference and the book is banned, the author is in serious trouble. This author can no longer afford the luxury of having his book in the library so that his work @ MONTH1 is recognized. Banning books everywhere prevents authors from making a name for themselves. Particularly vulgar books must absolutely be banned. No child should read a book intended for a purely adult audience. Children should be protected from this type of material, and the Book Ban provides this service. If a child has a strong desire to read a book, he can simply ask his parents to buy it for him, assuming the parents agree that dirty books should be read by children. If a book can provide a good discussion in a classroom and it is mostly "clean" then it should definitely be available to everyone. Just because a book contains a few areas where inappropriate references are made does not mean that students should not be able to read the book. If the learning material offered by a book “outweighs” the negative effects that the @ MONTH1 book has on a student, then the book must be available for the students to read. However, because one cannot effectively compare knowledge and harmful effects, this is a difficult statement to make. Honestly, it's too hard to say if the little issues in a book should be considered vulgar enough to ban a book. Many books should not be as available as others, but it would be too difficult to use a new system to find the books to limit, and it would make more sense to keep the current one than any other alternative. Ultimately, a system that caters to the most sheltered parents is best.
I think there shouldn't be censorship in libraries because if some people need to read a book about something and the library doesn't have it because they don't believe or like it as the book says, the reader doesn't know what in fact. The very first reason to believe that there shouldn't be censorship in libraries is that a lot of students go there to study the papers. So if the library does not have the book that a student is looking for, the library is failing its primary purpose. The second reason is that if the person in charge of the library doesn't like a book, that doesn't mean they have to read the book, the books are available to everyone. Then the third is that a library has to have books for people to read, so if the owner takes the book out and some people need that book and the person can't get the information they need. from this book, the library breaks down its main focus. The fourth reason is that a lot of people read books to read something and just because they don't like what the book has to say doesn't give them the right to take the book. These are the three reasons I think libraries shouldn't be censored. The library owner should have any book they can and shouldn't choose not to put a book in there because he or she doesn't like what the book says.
I am neutral on this subject because I don't care if they put new books, movies, music CDs or magazines on their shelves or if they take them off. Also, I don't care if I have to pay for the things I take out of the library. Also, it doesn't matter if I have to pay late fees for books I borrow from the library. Besides, I don't care about the noises that occur in the library. I also don't care what kind of books they have in the library. Also, how the library is run wouldn't matter to me. Besides, I didn't care if I had to be quiet in the library, it wouldn't matter to me. Also, I wouldn't care how long I would stay in the library. Also, it wouldn't matter to me if I walked, drove, or cycled to the library. Besides, I wouldn't care if library politics were the wrong way to run it. Also, if I was kicked out of the library, I would just go to another one. Well, it wouldn't matter to me if I got ten books or movies from the library, I wouldn't care. Thomas
I think books shouldn't be deleted because people know what they are reading and if they don't like the book they have to leave it. There is no Reson that the people whant to take away a book for all Reson because a lot of people like different kinds of books If they would remove all the books they would be a lot of people angry because these people mighit out. really liked this book and wanted someone else to read it. This book could also be in their family for a very long time and they want everyone in this family to enjoy this book. It wouldn't be good to take a book out either, because if they take a book away they have to get more and it would cost more money to get more books, it will also waste more paper. Another reason why it wouldn't be a good idea is if you get another book to replace the old one, people might not like the new book and the place where they got the book will lose money and will not be good for them. So what I think would be my opinion on removing a book, it wouldn't turn out very good and the bookstore will lose a lot of money because they got rid of a good book and brought back a very bad book
Censorship in Libraries Censorship in libraries is a big problem in today's society, many people get angry with libraries and markets because of the items they display for the common consumer. If the consumer walks into a library and looks for a book to read. What if they stumble upon a book from the beginning of @ DATE1 ? At that time, there were a lot of words used that are " harmful " to our people today, but what most people don't understand is that those words that are harmful had different meanings at that time. Of the history. So when someone picks up a book and finds harmful or inappropriate words or phrases in it, they instantly get the wrong idea of the book. And then, this little group of people who don't like this piece of literature, goes against the vast majority of people who really understand the literature, the feeling and the dialect of the book. This is where I'm going to explain to this small group of people a few things to keep in mind when trying to pull a book off the shelf and throw it away. When someone walks into a store or library and starts looking for a book, @ MONTH1 stumbles upon a piece of literature they don't quite agree with. When that person stumbles upon that piece of literature, all they have to do is put it back on the shelf and move on. No one is forcing that person to read this book, so why make a big deal out of it? Because most people who place great importance on some of the words used in a book do not fully understand the dialect of the book or the time period in which the book was written. If you don't fully understand literature, then I ask you. these people don't make a big scene out of it, and they're not trying to revoke the author's rights to have this piece of literature on the shelf. Authors have as many rights as we do. If they write literature. Poem, novel, or even short story, these authors have the right to have it published and put it on the shelf. So why shouldn't we have the same rights? If we do not agree with some of the literature that is placed in the schools, stores and homes of our society. Then we can write a novel, journal article, or even create a website on your topic. You can do a lot more web surveys. This is a more indirect approach to removing a piece of literature. If you want to have a better chance of having that book or novel taken off the shelves, you can use a poll or get people to vote, to get the opinions of others, and use them in your argument. If you have more than one opinion on a topic, you @ MONTH1 are more likely to win your argument. And it will cause much less chaos and attention to yourself and to others around you. Another reason I don't think people should be able to pick and choose what's on library shelves everywhere. I don't think anyone from anywhere should be able to walk into a library and take a piece of literature off the shelves forever. Because in today's society we have researchers working all the time, and we have so many people working on different theories and laws. So if we take an important book off the shelf, maybe a book written in @ DATE2 on evolution. And if we get rid of all these books, what happens when we really need this information ? These scientists @ MONTH1 need this document to test a theory, and if this document is kicked off the shelves then we could be missing out on a wide variety of important information that might help someone in the future. So the more information we remove from the shelves, the less information we will have in the future to help us solve our problems. So, now that I have given you all of my opinions on this topic, I hope you get a better idea of library censorship all over the world. And that perhaps one day all books and literary works will be able to remain on the shelves, being read endlessly by consumers
Insults, alcohol, drugs, pornographic images. These are all things you wouldn't want your kids to use, see, or do. They are in the world and there is nothing you can do to stop them. People use drugs and drink every day, but just because someone sees you doing it doesn't mean they will. People shouldn't be shielded from the real aspects of life. When they were protected as children, they wouldn't know what to do if they had the chance to use drugs or drink. They @ MONTH1 don't even know what is the right or wrong thing to do. Children up to a certain age deserve to know what will happen in the real world when they grow up and start a life. It won't happen to everyone, but they need to know these things. It is important for parents to let their children know what is right and wrong. As a teenager they are very vulnerable to all the bad things life can bring. See these things in books, movies, magazines, etc. will affect their life in one way or another. It's their job to show them the right path. One thing that helps these parents is the restrictions on what you can get your hands on. There are age restrictions on movies that prevent people of a certain age from being able to watch them and people who meet these guidelines from viewing them. With other materials like books, music, and magazines, there is no way to deny people access to view or read them. Parents just need to pay attention to their children and see what they are doing. Censorship is normally a bad thing, but in others it might help. For people who are more vulnerable to these situations or who see these things, it could help some people a lot and show them that it is not right. As much as people need to be open and have access to this information, it is also important that others do not see it. It is still an open debate, but, according to opinion, censorship should not be done. Everyone had the right to get and see the things they want
In libraries and bookstores around the world, books are written and published on topics ranging from strange or inappropriate, to serious or violent. These books are written to target the reader's emotions that spark excitement and humor, horror and empathy among many. However, although these books are designed for a specific purpose, it is sometimes difficult to know how the book is suitable for the eyes of a young reader, or even an adult reader. These books seem unattractive and offensive. However, if they are not of interest to you as a reader, how could this book be censored without everyone's unanimous disapproval? Censorship of these books is unfair because of the right to freedom of speech and of the press, because all subjects deserve to be written, and above all because target audiences deserve books written for their benefit regardless of their location. approval. The number one reason why there should be no censorship of novels and literary works is that writers deserve freedom of speech and of the press. They voice their own opinions out loud and write about the topic that interests them most. Although they have often used highly provocative or inappropriate subjects, they still have the capacity and legal capacity to write whatever they wish. Preventing them from writing their own stubborn stories is similar to censoring books in the Nazi @ LOCATION1. Millions of books have been burned and hundreds, if not thousands, of writers have been executed for expressing in their work opinions contrary to the ideas of their government. Even though there are books out there that aren't written for all ages, they still deserve a read. The next reason books shouldn't be censored is that new ideas cover topics that were never discussed. Books and stories are meant to push the mark of what has been written and what can be written. The variety of literature is the reason it is so popular. For thousands of years, the written text has been a means of understanding and connecting with cultures and people through written language. And while @ MONTH1 stories might not be written in a way that would suit a child, that doesn't mean the story shouldn't be written or read. Its use should simply be monitored so that only those who are able to accept or understand its message are able to read it. Finally, censorship is just plain unfair because without it there is a better chance to discuss and attempt to portray stories that target a vast crowd of people. While the materials found in an @ MONTH1 story are horrible to a parent, it is @ MONTH1 a favorite form of literature for a different group of people. And limiting the literary subjects that people prefer might be paralleled with limiting a person's voice. It is simply not reasonable to allow only one category of work, with only a few varieties of messages, for a small group of people. Variety is what separates one person's opinions and makes their being different from that of another. Therefore, literature censorship should not be applied. Writing topics should be open to everyone, because whether they are offensive or not, they convey a purpose. And because writers have the right to literally illustrate what they say, there should never be a limit to these rights. This is why censorship should never be able to remove a piece of literature from a shelf.
Well, do you think that every book you read, every movie you watch and all the music you listen to is offensive. Who can say what is offensive to everyone? Who can tell you what you think is or is not offensive? How can you be your own person if people are making decisions for you about the books you read, the movies you watch and the music you listen to ? I will explain to you why I think that no material such as books, movies, music, magazines, etc., should be taken out of the library because someone finds them offensive. Who can be the ultimate decision maker in deciding if something is offensive to everyone ? Everyone has their own sense of offense. Everyone thinks that different things are offensive to them. How can you say that something is offensive to one person and is also offensive to another person? I think if a person thinks something is offensive to them, it's okay, it's their own opinion, but maybe the next person who walks by and sees this shocking material will like it. You shouldn't be able to make someone else's decisions for them if they want to read a shocking book, watch a shocking movie, and / or listen to shocking music that someone didn't choose. else to do for him. If each person retreated from a book that they found offensive, we would have no more books on themselves. Some people think some music, books, and movies are offensive and some people think that books, music, and movies are cool and interesting, so what do you do ? I've learned over the years that not everyone agrees with your opinions on everything and you don't agree with them, but you both always have your own opinions. You are both allowed to decide what you do and what you don't like. You can both choose which books you read, which movies you watch, and what music you listen to. So why should we let someone stop us from being ourselves? You can never say that something is offensive to everyone because no one can be everyone. You cannot speak for someone else because everyone has a voice for themselves. So, do you think every book you read, every movie you watch and all the music you listen to is offensive? well you @ MONTH1 not, but someone else somewhere is trying to take it off the libraries because they have a negative opinion about it, but is that right ?
Imagine your child or someone who is very close to you. He is only about @ NUM1 old and is just starting to learn how to be an adult and take responsibility. He wants to try new things. He listens to his friends talk about drinking alcohol and how much fun it is. He thinks it sounds amazing to drink. There is nothing wrong with it or not. No one ever told him. So he starts to drink a dead alcohol dlater while posing. Now you don't want this to happen to someone who is very close to you. If people are too afraid to talk about the bad things in life. Like sex, drugs, etc. Then they should make books and movies to show how bad these things are. There should be no censorship in libraries. Some of you @ MONTH1 are saying “ okay to the kids there, they can't handle these things yet ”. @ CAPS1 your opinion, you should think about their level of maturity, as well as they can learn from other people's mistakes, and that would educate people. How to tell about someone's level of maturity? There are several ways to put it. If you talk to someone about sex and they laugh and joke around, it's not very mature. But, you can't associate that every @ NUM2 year old is immature. A lot of people @ MONTH1 take this seriously. Others @ MONTH1 not but, they will still be able to see them in their own way. Putting censorship in libraries would not be a good idea. Many topics in books, movies, music, magazines, etc. @ MONTH1 contain inappropriate elements. Like sex, drugs, alcohol, bad language. Should all these things be brought out in libraries and shelves? @ CAPS1 a difficult question to answer. But, what you can answer is that it would allow people to learn from their mistakes. If there's a movie and a guy does drugs and dies later. People might assume that drugs are killing you. But what about the other thing? It's hard to show how wrong it is to say an offensive word to someone they hear on the radio. But, when they here this word or read something or watch. They can ask questions about it and we can say that saying or doing these things can be offensive. Now, can you stop someone from letting the person listen, read or watch something offensive or etc. ? It depends on the person. But, you can educate someone on the subject. It doesn't matter how offensive the subject is. We should teach people about them. If we don't, it is bound to happen again. Let's say if we censor the holocaust because of its horror. No one would and we would most likely repeat the holocaust. Censoring certain things in a library would not be such a good idea. The folks at Ceratin can handle talking about certain topics. It is not always a good thing to censor offensive material. We have to teach these things to people to educate them, and also so that they can learn what has been done and not repeat it, also some people can handle these materials, they just need to have a high level of maturity . Here are some reasons why there shouldn't be censorship in libraries and other places.
Offensive books belong to the library, just in a completely different place away from children. If we all picked one book that we didn't want in the library, there wouldn't be any left. So, since everyone has a different opinion on what is offensive and what is not, who can say what can and cannot be in the library? When I was little my grandmother took me to the library almost every @ DATE1. I noticed that she was trying to keep me from having certain books and that she was okay with others. My @ CAPS1 did the same, but they had different opinions on what I could read and what wasn't. Grandma wanted me to buy religious books and @ CAPS1 was ok with that and things like '@ CAPS2 the @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5' and '@ PERSON1'. Even at home, everyone's opinion is very different. For example, when it comes to music at home; @ CAPS1 loves country, @ CAPS7 loves metal, my brother loves the alternative, my uncle loves rock and I love a combination of all of that. It just shows how different people have different opinions ; some more stringent than others. If we relied on people's opinions to keep our libraries free from crime, there would be nothing in it
If you take one of these books off the shelves, it would be like removing some of our reluctance. it wouldn't be the nicest thing to do. Even if you took some away from it, what would we show our kids when they asked what your favorite book was when you were a kid. We'll have to tell them that the library doesn't have those books anymore. it was necessary to make room for other books. So if you want to understand correctly, we got to read all of our parents' favorite childhood books. I mean, how would you feel if you couldn't share this with your kids? I would be upset because my parents told me and I went out to get them from the library and I loved them So please if you can leave the books alone
What is a library? A library is a place you go that has books, movies, music, magazines, etc. With these things a person can research or use for entertainment. Should we censor libraries? In my opinion, there should be a very @ CAPS2 censorship in a library. If there was a complaint about being offended by something in the library and it was taken off the shelf, there would be nothing left to use in the library. Many people like to go to the library to relax and have a good time in peace and quiet and while they are in the library they let their minds flow, imagine and dream. They don't mind being offended by a @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 book. However, censorship in a library can be a good thing if used delicately. For example, moving adult books to a section where children won't read them and will have nightmares about a picture they've seen there. What I'm trying to say is that there is censorship in the library, but at a very low level. If a library had high censorship and everything was taken off the shelf, what good was it going to the library, it would be an empty room. If someone is offended by something in the library, depending on the severity of the offense, take appropriate action. For example, if something has just inadvertently offended someone, leave it where it is, but if something intentionally offends someone because of their race, ethnicity, or something like that, it then it would be appropriate to remove it from the shelf. Having low censorship in libraries would be nice as there would be a fair amount of stuff to research and there would be more topics to choose from to let your imagination run wild. While at the same time you wouldn't have to worry about being seriously offended
Censorship in Libraries Removing something that a person dislikes from a shelf assumes that the opinions of others don't matter. It really has to depend on the product. Like a book, magazine, music album or movie. Usually in all the stores that I have entered there are certain departments for each product. In these separate departments, the product is always classified. Not what people like, but by gender or age difference. If a person lingered away from their section in that department and went to another part, their taste for their product would seem too different to appreciate. A local library in a community of people will have many books to read and choose from. There are also baby books, sections for children, sections for teenagers and adults. The teen section is for me! Although I was always in the children's section not too long ago, these books should now be deleted because I have no use for them or would not be interested in buying another. Yet it is only me. However, the generation under me will soon love them. Just because a person doesn't like something doesn't mean it should be thrown out for everyone. Music is another story. Some people like country and others like the alternative. In libraries, they have all types of music albums that a person can listen to before renting them. When I listen to an album to see if I like it and find out it doesn't, I just put it back on the shelf and try another. The librarian doesn't throw it away because of my opinion, because to someone else it would be the sweetest music to their ears. Anyone can watch any type of movie in my opinion. However, not all parents allow their 12-year-old to watch a movie rated @ CAPS1. For them, it's just @ NUM1 films. This is how I grew up. Now that I am allowed to watch whatever my heart desires, I have noticed that the movies are based on maturity levels. In libraries, some films are not allowed to be rented by a younger person. Yet that doesn't mean they should be kicked out. When they're older, they might actually like them. Overall, a person's opinion will be the most important to them. The other opinions will not matter. The products of a library are accessible to all, not to the judge. If absolutely everyone judged the products, there wouldn't be any left
I think it is unfair to ban any kind of material from the library. It is just not fair to withhold information from your children. Any information they might read or hear is something they'll find out sooner or later anyway. Wouldn't you prefer your kids to find out by reading it in a book or magazine or listening to it in a movie or CD ? Then they can ask parents any questions they have @ MONTH1 about things they have read and heard instead of hearing it from a teenager in the hallway or telling a friend and being misguided and receiving incorrect information. If your kid has to read sex articles or romance in a magazine, wouldn't you want to know ? Would you like them to ask you questions about this so that they understand the difference between right and wrong? Wouldn't it be much easier to know that your child is being educated about certain things so that they know when things are wrong and that they don't get confused or worried about something small? All the things they @ MONTH1 read in a magazine or see in a movie are things they could easily search the internet for. On the internet there are more graphic photos, and some internet sites give false information on subjects. Your child's curiosity could lead them to inappropriate websites. When I was a child and curious, my parents sheltered me from certain things. I found out the kind of stuff they were trying to hide from me when I was only in class @ NUM1 when high school kids on my bus told me all about sex, showed me pictures and m 'said things I would have preferred to hear about in class or read. I felt like I couldn't talk to my parents about these things. I mean, what would you do if your second grader came home from school and started talking to you about the kinds of things he heard on the bus. And if the high school kids had lied to me, I would feel stupid to say anything about it because my parents wouldn't understand what I was talking about. What I'm saying is understand that there are certain things that a child should never be allowed to read, see or hear. It is not fair to them that they do not have the opportunity to learn for themselves and ask questions. Also, isn't it your fault actually if they get their hands on something inappropriate for their age because they don't get the proper supervision ? If you feel they are reading, listening, or watching something that you think is appropriate, ask questions. Explain things to them when they ask you a question. Don't beat around the bush. Make sure they know the difference between right and wrong, right and wrong. It's really not fair to take these things away from them when they don't even know why they aren't allowed to watch them.
No, because everyone likes to read different books. Some of the books that people want to take off the shelves are considered to be history. Books help people improve their reading skills and also help them discover new things. When I was in college, I always enjoyed reading the @ PERSON1 and @ PERSON2 books. When I asked the librarian if they had any of their books, they said no. They believed that college kids shouldn't read books that contained profanity and violence. I don't think it matters what kids read because you can't get a kid to read something they're not interested in because everyone is different, everyone likes different kinds of books. There are all kinds of books like for example mystery books, fiction books, non-fiction books, historical books, etc. Books that you use in class are considered books, but not books that you read every day. I think parents should take their kids to the public library to buy a book. When I was in elementary school and up to middle school, we had to take computer reading tests. In seventh and eighth grade we had to sit in the room and make a book and read it for part of the hour. We also challenged the college to see which school could read the most. It was part of our grade in our English class. It was never a problem for me because I loved to read. Now there are books that libraries should pull off the shelves. For example, any book that involves nudity or a lot of villainy. Now it's just for kids under thirteen. Now there aren't many books for little children to read. There are more books for adults than little books for children. All I have to say is watch what your kids are reading. Do not prevent them from reading books as this will affect them later in life. If they don't like reading, persuade them to try it. I also think more kids would read if they saw their loved ones read too. Remember that reading children and adults of all ages is good no matter what you decide to read.
In this persuasive essay, I'll explain why or why not offensive material should be banned from library shelves, and there are a few reasons that will help me do so. I don't think anything should be taken off the shelves of libraries. My first main point that we shouldn't remove material from shelves in libraries is that there is material that people might find offensive that others don't and are affected by those who want that material on. the shelves. I think some of the movies and books taken off the shelves should be material some kids should experiment with and @ MONTH1 will help them in the future. My second main point is that if we remove all the offensive material from the shelves, there would only be movies and books like bambi and scooby-doo because all the material in libraries is offensive to people in the library. 'a different way from others. . I have yet to find a movie or book in any library that I have found offensive. Also, if we do, we might as well not have a library, as there would only be about @ NUM1 movies and books in the whole building, due to all the offensive material people might find in it. CDs, books and movies. People probably hear swear words every day, whether at school or at home. So not all words and deeds in movies are as bad as people in real life say they are. I just think of every movie and book as just a movie and a book. Horror movies are not real and some books are too. There is sex and other inappropriate things in the movies, but that's also why you have to be a certain age to even get the movies. To sum up what I just talked about in the last two paragraphs, I think we shouldn't take anything off library shelves because it will hurt others, and there is just no need for it.
When I walk into a library to look for a book, I would like to do so without seeing inappropriate books, movies, or magazines. When I see this, I say to myself '@ CAPS1 if a child has seen this?' I would like a library to be visited by my child without me worrying about what they might see. To solve this problem, libraries could do a number of things. First, libraries could censor @ CAPS1 which they publish themselves. By placing the section for adult books next to the cash register, a library worker could easily find young children wandering through this section. If this solution doesn't work, try grading the sections as we grade the movies. Collect books and movies @ CAPS2, books and movies @ CAPS2- @ DATE1, books and movies @ CAPS4- @ CAPS5, and so on. Once when I took my little brother to the library he decided to bring me an adult book with a naked woman on the cover and asked if he could check it out. I was shocked and embarrassed. I didn't think this sort of thing would happen in a public library, but it does. I think everyone should have the opportunity to find the book or movie they want. So I don't want inappropriate books or movies to be taken out, but put in a better order so that kids don't see this stuff.
Should the librari be censored on the books it has on the shelves? I think it should be. There are a lot of books and offensive things on the shelves. I wouldn't want my child or anyone else to read offensive books. So let's get rid of all the bad stuff or at least filter everything. I believe that all books, movies and magazines with a lot of profanity or bad images should be deleted or not be able to be viewed until a certain age. If they want to keep the books on the shelves, they should go to where you need to be in high school and have an authorization card to get the books. Removing books and stuff completely @ MONTH1 causes a lot of trouble, so we need to make sure the child is a certain age and has permission. I wouldn't want my @ NUM1 year old child to read a book with foul language. Kids hang on to that stuff and they'll start talking like that and that wouldn't be a good thing. There are many things happening in society these days that seriously influence children. They don't need to read how guys steal places and are criminals. I think that's why we have so much trouble today because everyone sees it at a young age and they want to be sure they're getting old, but that's a really bad thing. They don't need books and movies that make their situation worse and make them think bad things are good. If we don't filter out what they're doing at a young age, they'll end up being out of the underworld and out of the country because they'll think just because someone in a book or movie did that it is. okay for them to do it but it is not. I wouldn't want a young child to read bad things. I say put an age limit on them and mack our society and let's be kids who will become better adults later in life. We need to filter out the bad and put new ones for our younger ones. If we don't, who knows how they grow up to be, the world could go to hell if we don't stop kids from learning bad things. So let's get filtered and save the world and our children's future.
Thoughts from @ CAPS1 I have a feeling that offensive literary pieces should be able to be retrieved from libraries. If a piece of @ CAPS1 is particularly offensive ; the part should not be displayed. In my own experience, controversy is the reason why books are removed from libraries. All of my experience, observations, and readings have told me one thing. However, pieces of @ CAPS1 are washed away due to their offensive nature. From my experience with controversial books, I noticed that I didn't like the book. I believe this is the reason why people don't like certain books in libraries. Coming from someone who doesn't particularly like to read. I feel like reading something that shocks me puts me in a state of mind like I wouldn't like to read anymore. All of my experiences seem to indicate that I don't read books that cause distress or controversy. From everything I have observed I have found things similar to my experiences. I saw people, especially classmates, who didn't feel like reading because they felt that a novel had offended them. Although my observations @ MOIS1 seem one-sided. I have really observed more reading deprivation due to controversy than increasing reading due to controversy. All of my observations seem to point to the revocation of the “forbidden books”. The most important article I noticed on this topic that I read would undoubtedly be @ CAPS2 @ NUM1. In this novel, the company banned all books. The story seems to strongly favor those who wish to read controversial novels, although we may get something from reading this book. Reading this novel can be interpreted in favor of my argument, because people lived happily without controversial books. Granted, not everyone has done it, but that's because of some variables. From stories, such as the Three Little Pigs and the Big Bad Wolf, one can understand how poorly drawn the concept of controversy is. For example, I was mortified to hear that the first time. I never had the interest to hear it again, because I felt the story was not politically correct. Pieces of @ CAPS1 are washed away due to their offensive properties. If someone has no interest in reading a book because of the thoughts held within the text ; the book must be withdrawn from the public. How logical it would be to try to keep the peace. For my part, I support the cause of removing books from public places due to the controversy.
People today always seem to be trying to find something offensive. The problem with @ ORGANIZATION1 is that it always feels like it needs to appease these people. The truth is, when you have as many of them as there are in a country, there are going to be a lot of different ideas, thoughts, likes and dislikes. Libraries are places of knowledge. They keep many different books, magazines and films there, so that people of all tastes can enjoy the library. Most people, with books, determine early on what kind of books, which authors, and how long they like. So, books are usually very hard to offend because most people can usually tell right away whether they like the book or not. Magazines are like books on the outside. People know what they want. However, with magazines, people are usually just flipping through the pages and perusing the articles. They will keep browsing the magazine until they find the perfect article they want to read. Usually after that they are done with the magazine. Music has been around for almost as long as humanity has existed. There is something about music that calms the human body. Music is one of those things that constantly changes over time. Before instruments, music was only purely vocal, but over the centuries music has become more advanced. Now, it would be nice if there was just one type of music that everyone loves, but it isn't. There are so many types of music genres that it would be hard to find a person in this world who loves all types of music. There are people who hate change. Likewise, they don't like to change their favorite types of music. But if people changed over time, then there would really only be a few types of music. But since there are many types of music, there will always be someone in the world who doesn't think this song shouldn't be played. In the last century alone, films have progressed. The movies were straightforward, they would have a straightforward plot, and everyone loved it. But there are so many people who love to see technology advance, that they want movies to change. Movies today are all about special effects, love, sex, alcohol, parties, fighting, and the list could go on and on. The directors try to make the best movie they can be, so it's almost like they're trying to put just enough of one thing to keep the audience in the movie. But if they go too far on a topic, it's when at least one person has a red flag in their head and thinks it's offensive. Movies are meant to be entertaining, not something that should offend people. The movies are good about it though. They created a rating system to try to give the audience a fair warning, so the audience would know what to suspect in the movie. No matter what it is, book, magazine, music or movie, there will always be someone who either doesn't like it or just takes offense. There is nothing to be done about it, and it is not a bad thing. It just means that not everyone in this world is the same. So I think we can all come to the conclusion that : just because one person doesn't like something doesn't mean the next person
Should books and the like be removed from shelves if they are found to be offensive ? Personally, I don't think they should be. If @ CAPS3 is something in the book that is remotely offensive to children, then it should be placed in an adults-only section. Most of the libraries I have visited have different areas for each age group. If @ CAPS3 is a racially objectionable book, it should be placed in the adult section, not the children's section. When a book is questioned whether it is offensive or not, it needs to examine all possibilities of how someone @ MONTH1 understands the story to see their reaction to it. @ CAPS3 are many kinds of books, music, magazines, etc., so @ CAPS3 is always a place the book can go. Most of the questions asked about a book relate to the language it contains. For example, in @ CAPS1, we just finished reading the book '@ CAPS2 of @ ORGANIZATION1.' @ CAPS3 is a lot of questions whether the book should be read in schools or not because of the "n-word". It's a very harsh word, but it goes with the frame and background of the story. When someone is not sure whether a book is acceptable or not, they should consider the subject of the story and whether the word is needed or not. In many cases, the ineligible thing @ MONTH1 works with the story. If a book is asked about something wrong, then shouldn't all books, music, movies, magazines, etc. be questioned ? If something isn't allowed for one item, it shouldn't be allowed for anything else. It all depends on the audience reading this book, whether or not it is suitable for the person reading it. I have read many books that have certain words that I don't mind, but someone else who is not used to them @ MONTH1 doesn't. Some parents don't want their kids to hear bad language or inappropriate things from the type of music they listen to. It all depends on who reads the book or magazine and who listens to the music. Katherine Paterson makes a really good point that if we started removing books from the shelves, eventually there would be no books left on the shelves @ CAPS3. Just because something contains a bad word or a bad phrase doesn't mean that it should be taken away from people's enjoyment !
If you've been a kid with caring parents, you've heard them say, " No, you can't play this game, you can't listen to this music, or you can't watch this movie ." @ CAPS1 you asked why you weren't allowed to answer the same answer: "You are not old enough." If you ever had the courage to ask why again, they probably would have said, "@ CAPS2 if I wanted you to know, I would allow you to find out for yourself!", And it got you nowhere . ? Now, I want you to think about these things that you weren't allowed to do, and how now that you're old enough, you can do these things. How would it make a difference if those movies, @ CAPS3 or games had been taken off the shelves before you had a chance to access them ? What would you and your friends have done if you hadn't been able to watch '@ CAPS4 @ CAPS5 @ CAPS6 @ CAPS7 @ CAPS8' that night because a parent or someone else had it removed? market because he found it offensive ? I would also like you to think about the child you have @ MONTH1 or @ MONTH1 are planning to have, would you like your child to be subjected to things like '@ DATE1 The @ NUM1' or '@ CAPS9 and @ CAPS10 'like a @ NUM2 years old ? Most likely, that answer is " no ", but what if, because they were found to be offensive, they were simply taken out of existence ? Then they would never see them and for some @ MONTH1 is what is right, and for those of you who think I have news for you these kind of movies are still made today. '@ DATE1 The @ NUM1' has been redone and is more graphic than before, and there are countless other titles I could throw at you @ CAPS6 now that have some form of sexual, drug use, or foul language themes. . They still exist and are becoming more and more popular among movies. There are @ CAPS11 movies that will have some sort of sex cue, a cigarette, or a swear word. You might be able to get rid of a few, but you will probably never get rid of all the shelves. But let's say you did, that you were, in fact, able to cast any headline that contained those themes. What would be left to watch? If these movies no longer exist, what should your kids be able to watch, @ CAPS12 on @ CAPS13 and @ CAPS14- @ CAPS15 ? Not only that, but what movies would you watch, if all the movies with something offensive were removed, you would have nothing left for you. Everything you might like and / or think is funny in a movie that you don't want your child to see is gone. My response is, don't just throw away anything @ MONTH1 is offensive, or that you might not want your child to see. Instead of taking such drastic measures to protect your child from them, just not allowing them to watch these movies or listen to this music. This is what your parents did to you, I'm sure, and I know this is what mine do to me, and guess what? It has worked so far, so why should we change it ?
I don't think anything checked out from the library should be censored. Some of the people who go to the library do not look for material with offensive language and / or themes. On the other hand, some people who go to the library find that it is better to speak offensive language when it was meant to be than to censor it. Take for example a book on @ PERSON1. It might contain material that people might find offensive. But if someone needs to write a report on @ PERSON1, it would be best to have as much information on them as possible. I'm going to make a compromise: if there's any music that's ripped with offensive language, they should provide it with both a clean, self-explanatory version of the album. There are ways that censorship can be good, and there are other ways that it can be bad. Some people find the foul language and themes offensive, while others find it gives the artist or author some freedom. I think decensing things in their good and bad form is better than not decensing things at all
A child walks into the city library. He looks around and finds a movie that one of his friends recommended that he watch. He checks in and goes home to watch the movie. Later, his parents come home to watch their son act out of the ordinary. He begins to say rude comments, to be violent and to use profanity. Who is to blame? The friend who recommended the movie, or the library to have that movie on the shelves and let the young child watch it? Today, many libraries offer a variety of books, films, music, and magazines. Some libraries even have computers for kids, teens, and adults to use for things like business, personal mail on websites, or games for kids. But do all libraries meet their needs? Some people find many books, movies, music, magazines, and even websites threatening. Libraries have movies rated @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, @ NUM1, @ CAPS3 or @ CAPS4. They @ MONTH1 also have music that has explicit lyrics on the @ CAPS5. Some @ MONTH1 libraries do not meet their requirements and that is why libraries do not have as much activity as others. In my opinion, I think if a library has any offensive material like books, music, movies, magazines, and websites, they should be taken off the shelves. If librarians let young children experience explicit music and movies @ CAPS4, they should eventually be fired. From my own experience, I haven't had a problem with which libraries and materials they have to choose from. I haven't visited a library that had an explicit music choice, all bad websites are blocked on computers, and all magazines are suitable for all ages. In conclusion, libraries should respect not only people, but also the material they own. They should show respect for the books, movies, music, and magazines they provide to children, teens, and parents. Censorship is required for every library and I believe all libraries around meet their requirements.
Censorship at the library is not necessary at all times. It is the parents who should take the books away from the children. It is not the job of libraries to tell people what to do. There are some cases where it is necessary. It is the job of parents to tell children what to do. They are the ones who take care of the children. they are the ones who should teach them right from wrong. They are the ones who raise the children, not the library. Otherwise, parents are doing their job for them. Libraries have the right to get any book they want as long as there is nothing really bad in it. I understand if they put out adult books, movies, and magazines, but if there's a little word in there, people will just have to get over it. Isn't that why people want classic books, such as '@ CAPS1 @ CAPS2's @ CAPS3' and 'The @ CAPS4 of @ ORGANIZATION1' ? Because black people find it shocking? It is not fair. People are trying to rewrite history; to coat the truth. Well, books are like the real world. People won't always be nice to you. They can be depressed sometimes. The whole world is just corrupt. There shouldn't be a problem with just one swear word in great literary works. People will curse you if they feel like it in books, the language being limited to one or two swear words. They shouldn't try to change the good books because the minority find them offensive. The library shouldn't be the one that tells us what we can and cannot read. The library shouldn't censor their books.
The seven books that make up @ PERSON1's '@ CAPS1 @ CAPS2' series are frequently censored books in school libraries across the country. The main reasoning behind this is that since these books portray witchcraft in a positive light, they must harm our innocent children. Many books, from @ PERSON2 'The @ CAPS3 in the @ CAPS4' to the series '@ CAPS1 @ CAPS2' have been banned from school libraries due to their content deemed inappropriate by a group of people who fail to take the broader sense of these works into account. Works intended to be accessible to the public should not be removed from library shelves if they are found to be offensive. Under the @ ORGANIZATION1 at the @ CAPS7, every citizen has the freedom of expression, of the press and of religion. By censoring the authors' speech, their rights have been violated. The author has the right to say what he thinks should be said, and it should not be for a parent council or board of directors to forbid this right. By prohibiting the reading of books such as " @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 " or " The @ CAPS3 in the @ CAPS4 " ; the greater significance of these works is ignored. Many conservative groups @ CAPS12 have advocated that '@ CAPS1 @ CAPS2' be banned in schools because of its portrayal of witchcraft (and therefore Satanism) and the nominal fact that @ PERSON3 has stated that @ PERSON4 (the @ CAPS15 in the series) is homosexual. However, the ultimate message of the series is that love triumphs over evil. Apparently, this is not a message worth teaching the young people of @ LOCATION1. However, even though every school in the country has removed “ @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 ” from the shelves ; it would not and should not prevent children from reading these books. Ever since “ The @ CAPS3 in @ CAPS4 ” began to be a part of the curriculum of many schools in @ DATE1, it has been at the top of the list of most censored books due to its vulgar language and a chapter involving a prostitute. That hasn't stopped millions of teenagers from reading this novel, considered a rite of passage for most young adults. Being one of the most contested books of the past fifty years only seems to add to its appeal and popularity among the very people these censorship boards are trying to " protect ." If a parent, however, does not want their child to read such a novel; it should be left to the parent to censor what their child reads. But just because a parent doesn't want their child to read '@ CAPS1 @ CAPS2' doesn't mean every child should be denied the opportunity to read it. Censorship should be in the private and non-public sphere. Books and other materials should not be censored in libraries. In doing so ; an author's freedom of expression is violated and the broader meaning of the work is ignored. And while some @ MONTH1 groups advocate protecting the children of @ LOCATION1 from such offensive work; children will always find a way to access it
I believe the view on library censorship is as good as it is for a number of reasons. The main reasons I think library censorship is good is that almost everything in the library is for people to find out about the time they read it or watch a movie about it. Another reason is that if they took anything that was offensive or unpleasant, there would be a lot less information for people to learn in libraries. I agree with Katherine Paterson in her quote because it means that if we took out all the books that someone found offensive, there wouldn't be any more books. Each person has different things that offend them, and it would not be possible to remove everything from the library that has offended someone. For example, if someone wanted to know more about a historical war from the past, but if someone was offended by the war because they had lost a family member or friend there, should the text be withdrawn ? Libraries are a place where someone can go to learn something. They contain a lot of information on many different topics that people will find out about, although @ MONTH1 may be offensive to some people. If someone doesn't like something or find it offensive, they should just leave it on the shelf and move on, because someone else might get something important out of it. There are things in life that people need to be open to or informed about, even though @ MONTH1 may not always be pleasant. Libraries are the place where people are introduced to these things and if these things are removed then where will people go to be made aware of this information. To sum up, yes there are things in libraries that some people @ MOIS1 find offensive but other people @ MOIS1 are learning from them and it would be unfair to take that information away from everyone. A library is a place to go to learn different things and should always have information on different topics and subjects. Many people have learned things from a library that have affected their lives and will continue to learn as long as they are still open to a large source of information.
Censorship in Libraries I believe there should be censorship in libraries. In @ DATE1's society there are a lot of children who are in pain and getting into bad things. There are things kids just shouldn't see. Censorship should be used in libraries to point children in the right direction, to relieve parent stress, and because some offensive films are in fact offensive. Censorship in libraries can point children in the right direction. Chances are, if a child sees their model on the front of a movie case smoking a cigarette, then that child will likely become curious about smoking. it already happened to me. I once saw this kid that I loved drinking, and I almost started drinking myself, but because I had the right peers, I didn't. The point is, when kids see someone they enjoy doing a certain thing, it has a big impact. If this film case is detected, this kid will never even think about smoking because of his model. All parents are worried that their child will get in trouble with the law, right ? Some of the movies a child can watch in a library have actors doing illegal things. A kid will see this and then he'll probably think it's cool and go out and do the same. I've seen a lot of movies that made me want to go out and do what they did in the movie. What if that thing they see in a movie was murder? It might be crazy to think that a kid would go out and murder someone because he saw people do it in a movie, but it could happen. A few years ago, I remember reading an article in the newspaper about a child shooting his father in the head. This kid was only six years old, but he thought it was safe to play with guns because he had seen them do it in the movies. Censorship can relieve stress for some parents. Parents insist all the time on where their children are, what they are doing, who they are with, etc. If the library censors some of the music and movies kids watch, his parents won't have to worry too much about him going away and doing bad things because he sees his peers doing it. It makes parents feel good and confident in their child's life. Finally, offensive films are in fact offensive, whether to the child themselves, the parents or the target audience of the film. Keeping offensive movies censored can relieve a lot of hatred in a child's life. I say this from experience. In the movies we always see smart kids being bullied and it seems like the athletes are getting all the attention. Well, I'm kind of considered that smart kid. I feel like because of some of the movies my peers have watched, they find it okay to pick on me. It creates hatred in their hearts, all because censorship has not been used. In conclusion, it must be obvious that I think censorship should be used in libraries. Censorship should be used in libraries to point children in the right direction, to relieve parent stress, and because some offensive films are in fact offensive. With censorship, all of these things can be accomplished. It is not only useful for children, but also for parents. In my experience, censorship is a good thing to have.
People all over the world have many different opinions. If someone doesn't like something, they have a choice not to watch it. Therefore, I think when you find something in a library that offends you, you shouldn't be able to delete it. One of the main reasons I think offensive things shouldn't be taken out of libraries is that not everyone @ MOIS1 thinks the book, movie, magazine, or music is offensive. People have their own opinions about everything, and if someone pulls out a book or something from the library because they feel bad, the other person is going to miss something they love to read. Another reason I think bad things shouldn't be taken out of the library is that some people might get mad at another person for removing all offensive things from the library. Lots of people like offensive things in books, movies, and so on. I think from my own point of view that I like to have a little trouble in my life and if reading a book, watching a movie, listening to music or even reading a magazine is what it takes, I want to be able to go in a library and pick something good without having to worry about whether it's there or not. In my opinion, I believe that without offensive remarks or words, there would be no humor in the books and all today. Just because offensive things seem rude and inappropriate doesn't mean they are. It's just something that is said to make a book or whatever interesting and funny. While some offensive things in libraries might seem too inappropriate, I think if they're there it's obviously not too bad, and it shouldn't be removed because a person thinks it's not something that belongs to a library. Everyone has their own opinions in life and sometimes keeping them to yourself is the best thing to do.
There are many books and films that are not considered suitable for a younger audience. By tagging movies with a rating and tagging books with a specific age group, it helps categorize them. In our public libraries, all books and films are gathered in one place for everyone to consult. There is an ongoing discussion as to whether these should be accessible to everyone. If a child viewed a book and it was rated @ CAPS1, parents would most likely be unhappy with the library for giving the child the right to view a movie rated @ CAPS1. There is also a case where a parent would ask the child to watch a specific movie with an @ CAPS1 rating. In which the library would be harassed not to let the child check it out. Additionally, should public libraries allow certain age groups to view films / books that are not appropriate ? The logical answer is no, they shouldn't. If a child cannot see a movie rated @ CAPS1 in theaters, why should they be able to watch it freely in the library ? Public libraries should invest in a way to prevent underage children from viewing inappropriate material. By simply having their age on their library card, there would be a lot of misunderstandings taken care of. Our public libraries should take charge, by changing their censorship. It would give them a better name and give our children a safe place to access these materials.
Wouldn't it be nice to walk into a library and be able to find any type of book you can? I think it would be very useful and useful for many libraries to allow various censorship of books. In my opinion, it would be beneficial for students, parents or teachers to get information on different topics. As well as many students who need to write an article on a certain topic that they @ MONTH1 are not familiar with, and allowing all types of books would help anyone on any topic. A library is a place anyone can go to find information about something, find interesting reading, or just relax. If you want to get information on a topic that you don't know anything about, it would be great to find a book that tells all about the topic. It would help students with reports, as well as anyone else who is trying to find additional information they may not know about a topic. If a person didn't want a certain type of books in the library then I think they should just try to ignore the books. I think this because I don't think in removing books that are good for others just because it's offensive to someone who might just ignore it. Maybe the books are about drugs, sex, or violence, but they're still able to teach a lot of people who aren't already familiar with the inappropriate or offensive topics. In conclusion, throwing away books and censoring a library would be a mistake. This is a mistake because it takes away many people who want to learn about different topics. It keeps people away who need to learn about things like school or even work
No, because if that is the case, every book you read might offend someone. If they think the book is bad, don't read it. First of all, a book shouldn't be banned from a library. It's just a book. Second, the only reason they would want to group a book is because people like to start the drama. Third reason why everyone could offend someone. First of all, they shouldn't tie up a book just because people don't like it. If your child is reading an adult book that is good for him or her, read these big words. And if she happens to see a nude photo, it's not the end of the world. I bet it's not the first and it won't be the last. Second, some people would try to put a book together just to start the drama. They know it's going to cause a lot of crazy things with the author. Finally, if they group books together for offense, they would not have a library. Because everyone says something is an offense. In all, they should not group a single book.
In libraries, there are certain materials on the shelves that @ MONTH1 are offensive to some people. I have seen some of these documents with my own eyes. But should libraries take them off the shelves because of this issue ? That's the question. Some might find this offensive and others @ MONTH1 not. It all depends on the person. Libraries cannot appeal to everyone. In my opinion, libraries should not be removing these materials from the shelves because a material they are removing from the shelves could be material that another person enjoys. Just because you don't remove the material from the shelves doesn't mean that there aren't other solutions for those who think the materials should be removed from the shelves. Some solutions to solving this problem might be to take these " offensive materials " and place them on higher shelves or in a room by themselves so that children or people who dislike the idea don't have to. not to see these certain materials. find it offensive ”and“ people who don't ”both take sides in this matter and that solves the solution to the problem. If this solution doesn't work, there are plenty more. The library can remove really offensive material and replace it with others more suitable for everyone. Overall, I don't think libraries should remove these materials. Just try to make people on the offensive and non-offensive side happy, there won't be any more conclusions like this one.
Yes, I think if the material in a library is offensive, it should be taken out of the library because the library is a place where people go and understand something better that they don't know. Here is why I say that. If you go to a library and see something that you don't like and you don't think it's good for people to see it, then it should be taken off the shelf. I wouldn't want anyone in a library to be dissatisfied with books, movies, music, or anything else, especially if kids are involved. People should be able to go to a public place where they are happy with the way they wear their place, it should also be a suitable place for children to come and learn. The library is a learning environment where education, growth and development should be inspired. My reason for saying all of this is that a library should be a place where learning should be its number one goal, and if things in the library are offensive to a person, they should be taken off the shelf. I know kids should be able to go to a library and be happy with the way the library is.
Should library material be censored? No, I don't think things in libraries should be censored or taken off the shelves. If something is offensive to someone, then that person does not need to view this material. People should have the right to get what they want from the library and if someone doesn't like the materials they have, so be it. What if kids got bad stuff off the shelves? If a child were to get something bad or inappropriate for themselves, the libraries wouldn't let them check it out, so everything is fine, and parents should watch the kids. I go to the library all the time and have never seen anything inappropriate and I don't know anyone who has ever told me they found something offensive in a library because I think libraries know what people want and what people don't want out there. and it's not fair to take something off the shelves if a few people don't like it because I'm sure others like it. But if there is something very offensive that everyone thinks is bad that you can delete, but you cannot delete material every time someone complains that it is offensive because it would not be left. probably nothing left in the library. So, I don't think anything should be taken off the shelves just because some people find it offensive, as I'm sure just as many people don't find it offensive and it would be a mistake to take it off them.
I believe if there is a book in a library that a child is not allowed to read, that book should be where the child should not be able to get it. I think these types of books should be stored in the part of the library that a child shouldn't have access to. In addition, the library should have a section where only a certain age can read this book. In some libraries there are a bunch of books that are not made for a child to read and they have them where a child can access them and that should not be allowed. So I think they shouldn't allow children to have access to these types of books. The same applies in a store. In some stores there is a magazine section where there are bad things that a child is not allowed to see. I know that in the grocery store I go there are some inappropriate pictures and words that a child should see or read. So there should be an area inside this store that a certain age can access because one day I was in the store and saw a little kid reading a magazine and saying the bad words there. were finding and looking at the wrong photos also had in it. So this is the reason why they should put the magazines in a place where children should not have access to them. In the same store there is a music section and there are children all the time. The music isn't that bad, it's just that the kids can pull them off the shelves and take them home and listen to them. It is the parents' fault by purchasing the @ CAPS1 for the child to listen to. So if the parent buys this bad @ CAPS1 from the child, it is the parents' fault. But I think the @ CAPS1 for small children should be in part of the store and the @ CAPS1 for older people should be where they can access them. The same applies to movies. There are movies in stores that are rated from @ CAPS5, @ LOCATION1, @ LOCATION1 @ NUM1, @ CAPS6 and even for @ CAPS7 audience only. In a bunch of movies in the form of @ LOCATION1 @ NUM1 abd up, there's a bunch of things a kid shouldn't see. Like the @ CAPS7 audience, only movies show nudity and a lot of other stuff that no one under @ NUM3 should see, but some of these are just sitting on store shelves. Children should therefore not have access to such films. The reason I explained all of this is so the kids don't get it. As in music, if children start listening to bad music, they will start to say those bad words and get into trouble at school and elsewhere. Even if the child reads a book that contains bad things, he will start to say these words or even do what is going on in the book. In movies that a kid isn't supposed to see, like a bloody action movie or a movie that shows nudity or even a movie that makes that kid see that movie and show him friends or have ideas from the movie. And these are the reasons why a child should not be allowed to access this stuff.
Should we have the right to be able to remove materials from shelves if they are found to be offensive ? I think we shouldn't have the right to be able to do that. I believe that if we had the right, there would be no more reading material for future children. An important thing to consider when thinking about this right is even if our documents speak of discrimination, or use a word that someone might find offensive, or even if we don't like the book, movie, or the magazine and thought it was a size of space. We should never have the right to be able to remove these materials. I know several people who believe that the first harmless children's book tries to discriminate against someone or a race of people. There are books that discriminate against certain races of people or tell us about a time when people were discriminated against. If we had the right to remove these materials, all of them would eventually disappear. Our future children wouldn't even know that the event happened or if they did, half of their information would more than likely be wrong, as over the years people would likely change the story from version to version. which they wanted their child to think about. If anyone found a single word in the book or even in a movie that they found to be offensive, they would have the right to remove the content from another person's sight. If someone finds a swear word in the material they find offensive, or if they just find the idea of using swear words offensive, they can have the material removed and that would mean thousands of good books and movies would disappear for a word. that a person did not like. Some people might find them as a space size and just take it off, if they didn't like the book, movie, music, or magazine. There are people out there who love to read or listen to them and @ MONTH1 finds some that we can't bear to watch, good or entertaining. Some people don't like a book by its size or by the size of the words. These are not ways of judging a book. I think no one should have the right to take a book, movie, music or magazine off the shelf. We should all keep these documents as a reference for future generations. People from the past around the world destroyed materials they didn't like, now we'll never know what they were talking about or even trying to tell us. There is no reason to delete a document just for the opinion of one person or even the opinion of a group of people.
Removing certain documents from library shelves is not the way to go. No matter how offensive they can be, there are plenty of other ways to deal with this problem. I believe that some material such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should not be removed from libraries because they are too offensive. First of all, a lot of people have different opinions about what is offensive and what is not. For example, many people have different interests than others. Some people @ MONTH1 like certain types of books and movies while others @ MONTH1 don't. For example, one of my favorite types of movies to watch is a comedy. On the other hand, there are a lot of friends of mine who love to watch horror movies. This is something that you cannot change. Everyone will have their own preference on what they want to read, listen to or watch. Why would you take away things that people actually enjoy ? There are other ways to solve this problem. I believe we can solve this problem by simply separating some documents from others in the library. For example, if something is considered offensive, then it can be placed with others like it. It is not necessary to completely remove these materials. Mothers often fear that their children will pick up items from the library that they find offensive. If these materials are separated from the others, there will be no problem. Some documents do not need to be completely removed from a library. Overall, there is no need to remove material from a library as many people have different interests. In conclusion, I think the documents should not be removed from libraries because they are too offensive
I'm really sick and really having a headache right now as I have to write this article, so please take @ CAPS1 easy with me. Any source of literature is someone's own creation of imagination, taken in any direction they choose for @ CAPS1 to be taken. Creating this art form as writing would be nothing less than a lonely trash can floating through winding streets if @ CAPS1 were censored. @ CAPS1 is almost like watching television ; your kids are up and want to stay up late to watch the new horror movie, but not at all, this movie is really scary for them, and @ CAPS1 shows nudity. If the movie isn't right for your kids, don't let them watch @ CAPS1. However, in a library, your mom might not always be there to pre-read your books for you. So maybe you just need to take responsibility and read the book if you want to, or not read the book depending on what your mom would think of @ CAPS1 of course. The idea that there is censorship in libraries is pretty ludicrous. Of course, I wouldn't like to see @ PERSON1: @ CAPS1 in my kids section, but it just depends on having books in their right sections. Have explicit books on one side of the library and not on the other side. The main point is that most of the people who use the library are old enough to pick a book of their liking and if they are not, they are accompanied by their mothers.
There are many types of books, music, movies, magazines, etc. that fill the shelves of libraries and stores across the country. Consumers are constantly pulling these items off the shelves without realizing what they are really buying. Some parents @ MONTH1 don't even realize what their teenagers or grandchildren are actually buying. Some @ MONTH1 content is offensive and has a bad influence on those who buy it. But if parents were more careful with what their children buy, there would be no problem. That is why these materials should stay on the shelves. One of the main reasons why these items should not be taken away is that it is the consumer's choice to buy or check these items. People should be able to decide for themselves what to buy and what not to buy. If they don't want to buy or check out these materials, then they should just go to another shelf or shop at another store. I've seen parents who don't really care what their kids buy, and I've seen parents do the opposite. If stores take these items away from them, it's almost like denying them their right to choose. It is the responsibility of adults if they do not want their children to watch films aimed at mature viewers. Parents should be able to prohibit certain things until their child is old enough to make their own decisions. If they trust their children with these materials, then it is their choice. These offensive items cannot simply be taken off the shelves just because some people are bothered by them. With the media functioning, it would be difficult to remove all of these items from libraries and stores. Either way, there will likely always be a way for young children to be exposed to these materials. On television there are always advertisements that will appeal to children or teenagers and influence them in their business. I've also seen music videos and magazines with their favorite celebrities on the cover. It is almost impossible to control every aspect of the company to make it suitable for young viewers. If all people could remove all the items they didn't approve of from the shelves, then many of those shelves would be left empty and bare. If everyone picked up a book they didn't like in the store, there would be a small selection in the libraries. By removing one of these books, someone could take away another person's favorite book. People can't just take books off the shelves because they have bad language. There is a reason to separate the children's section from the adult section, and that is because some books may not be suitable for all readers. In my personal experience, I have not seen any problem with children consulting offensive books. Most small children are drawn to the kids section because of the colorful pages and simpler words. There are a variety of material available to the public which @ MONTH1 may be offensive to some, especially their small children. As a parent, it is their responsibility to keep track of what their children are shown. People cannot remove material from the shelves because it is only offensive to some. It wouldn't be fair to those who like this kind of material. If they don't want to buy it, they should just move to another shelf or a completely different store. It is their choice as a consumer whether or not to buy the many types of books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
I believe if you are in a library or movie store, or wherever there are books, movies, magazines, or CDs that you think are offensive, they most likely should be taken off the shelves. Have you ever walked into a store and seen something that is not suitable for small children, and embarrassed yourself a little? I know I have at least a moment and a moment in my life. That's why I think it should be taken out of the store, or at least off the shelves. I always try to think about how my grandparents would feel if they knew what kind of music most teenagers listen to today. There is so much horrible language and talking about violence and bad things that it really is not appropriate for anyone to hear, or even talk about it. Some people feel different about this, and some people take it a bit seriously, but you have to remember that everyone has their own opinion.
Dear journal @ CAPS1, for my part , I think there are some books that should be taken off the library shelves, but I also disagree with this same situation. For example, I think some books should be removed from library shelves because underage children also use the library and because other people might find certain books offensive and should not be displayed in a library. My disagreement with the situation is that it is a library and libraries have different types of books. Firstly, I think that some books should be taken out of the library because it is a public library and not only adults use this library but also minors. I know that some books are not allowed for minor children, but they are not deprived of their privileges to stay in the library to read such books. Second, I am not okay with some books being seen on library shelves because other people might find such a book offensive to be in a library. The reason I say this is because some books pit humor against other people's race, and if for example a black man, a Mexican, maybe even an arbiana came to the library looking for a book and came across a book that talks about their race, most people would take that offensive. However, I don't think a book is deprived of a library. My reason for thinking is that it is simply because it is a library, and libraries are developed for many types of interest in books. And I don't think it's fair that certain books are taken out of the library because people think they are inappropriate in the interests of certain people in the books. And people should be free to come in and look at books without having to search for books that interest them but are deleted because others find them offensive. Therefore, I agree and I also do not agree that a library is stripped of a book because it lacks interest in someone or offends someone. And that such a person should “put the shoe on the other foot” as the saying goes and try to see from the point of view of others.
When you go somewhere, there will always be something that you won't like everyone doesn't like everything. A library has to be the worst place for people who don't like things. Censorship in libraries is getting worse by the day, it is everywhere in books, movies, music and magazines. Should we keep things like this on shelves? Anyone reading this will think differently about censorship in libraries. On the shelves there is plenty of stuff with naughty photos of bad laugauge. Those books that little kids can pull off a shelf and see things parents don't want them to see. Censorship is everywhere, not just in libraries. Books and things in libraries need to be changed and not be so bad. If there is a need for things like this Then have a special store for things like this
Censorship in libraries is a big problem in schools. There is @ MONTH1 a book that someone really wants to read, and they can't get it in their school library. Many books that are excellent educational books have been pulled from library shelves either because they are too violent or because they contain foul language. If children or parents are offended by these types of books, they do not need to consult them. There should be no censorship of books in schools. There have been a lot of books, which teachers consider to be educational books, that have been pulled from library shelves. Books that teachers would like to give their class to read. It shouldn't be a problem giving someone a book with a few swear words or a few violent scenes to read. Some of the prohibited books could relate to and affect someone. The ban on books in libraries must change. People should have the right to read whatever they want to read, even if the book or magazine is from a school library. There are some very good books that have been banned. '@ CAPS1 for @ PERSON1' for example has been banned in public schools for some reason. This book is one of my five favorite books, and I couldn't get it out of the library because it was forbidden. This stuff should be open to everyone, regardless of age. Censorship in libraries is something that must end for good. Many people's lives could be changed, touched, moved, etc., thanks to a book. Many books that have been banned are great books that can impact someone's life. People should be able to read what they want to read when and where they want to read it.
I think some documents should be taken off the shelves if they are found to be offensive because the word just says "OFFENSIVE", or these things should be placed where not everyone can get them, like small children or where your religion does not accept that kind of thing. For example, in my opinion, there are books, music, movies, or magazines that show offensive pictures or words, and not just to me or other people. Offensive to me is when it's not an appropriate thing like some pictures, videos or swear words that shouldn't be used for everyone to hear or see. You have to be careful when you think something is offensive because not everyone thinks like you, and everyone has a different opinion and conclusion and we have to remember that we have the power to speak, read and to write what we think is the best. I'm not saying that they should ban certain books or certain music, I'm just saying that there is time for everything and we are young and we are looking for a good future, not just for us too for the youngest and the most older people have to give us what they can because they have experience and know what is best for their children. It is a free country and people should voice their opinion and make a point, if you think something is wrong say it, and it is important to remember that do not let people offend you with words. or pictures and don't let them force you to do something offensive to someone else
In @ DATE1's world there is so much going on around our kids that if we tried to remove material we would take most of what is done for entertainment. Many adults say our world has changed so much since they were younger. Well why don't we do something about it ? People have to stop complaining about everything and do something about it. Adults can eliminate the amount of supplies that children bring home. If you were to walk into any store these days, you would find something that you wouldn't want your kids to watch, see, or listen to. I believe people do their best to separate these materials from family oriented materials. Sometimes this is just not enough, children still get addicted to certain materials at a very young age. These kids are sharing what they have with their friends, and these other kids are starting to do the same. Many mediums such as movies and music have negative ideas that teach children things they don't need to know or learn. Material that talks about drugs, parties, and alcohol doesn't even need to be aired on a radio station or TV channel that a young child would listen to. Our adults must also learn that it is not good for children to learn and listen to these things, and to keep their children as far as possible from them. As the author said, if everyone could pull something off the shelves, there would be nothing left. We will always have those things that we don't want kids to see, but we can start to eliminate some of them. The others that we cannot eliminate, we can keep keeping them on shelves and other places, just kept where the kids don't go. I think our cities can do a better job of keeping our kids away from movies rated @ CAPS1, negative songs, and different books that talk about “ grown-up stuff ”. Children are the future of the world. If that's all they look at and think about, it doesn't look good for the future. There are many things we can do to prevent our children from viewing, listening to, and learning these negative things in life. Keep children away from these materials, it will be a better world if we do.
There are many books, music, movies, and magazines that people find offensive. Some people even believe that these things should be taken off the shelves. I don't believe that books, music, movies, or magazines should be taken off the shelves altogether. Not everyone finds these things offensive, and they shouldn't be taken off the shelves because a few people disagree with them. First, people have different views on what they find offensive. Not everyone will find the same things offensive or want the same books or songs deleted. With people always having different views, it's hard to pull books, music, movies, or magazines off the shelves for everyone. Just because one person doesn't agree with what is said in the movie or book doesn't mean everyone wants that movie or book deleted. If someone found my favorite book offensive, I wouldn't want it taken off the shelves altogether. Equally important, if every book, song, movie, and magazine someone finds offensive were taken off the shelves, there wouldn't be many books, movies, songs, or magazines left. Author Katherine Paterson once said, " But if I have the right to take a book off the shelf - this job that I hate - then you have the exact same right and everyone else too." And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us. @ CAPS1 says if every book that offends someone was taken off the shelves there would be no books to read. People find different things offensive and if everyone took these things off the shelves, no one would be left with them. Finally, if someone finds a book offensive, they don't have to read it. When someone finds an offensive book, movie, song, or magazine, they don't need to look at it or read it. Instead of removing it from the shelves, the person just couldn't read it. Not everyone finds the same books offensive and removing them from the shelves could upset a lot of people. When someone finds something offensive, they may just avoid it instead of having it removed and bothering others. If someone was offended by one of my favorite books, I would rather avoid reading it than taking it off the shelves so I couldn't read it. Some people find many books, songs, movies, and magazines offensive. They would like these things to be taken off the shelves permanently. However, I don't believe these things should be deleted. Taking them off the shelves might make some people happy, it might also upset even more. Not everyone finds the same things offensive and shouldn't be taken off the shelves because a few people disagree with them
Imagine walking out of your house and seeing a giant bonfire at the end of the street, in the open air. You see men walk into a library empty-handed and come out with armfuls of books, magazines, movies, and other media. The men then throw them into the raging hell and you seem to have cremated them, lost forever. This is what will happen if we allow our libraries to be censored. We should not let the censorship of our libraries take place as it violates a constitutional right, will gradually make our society more and more ignorant and let this nation move from a democratic nation to a nation where the beliefs and ideals of the people are controlled by a small group of people. Allowing the censorship of our libraries to take place will violate a basic, clear and simple constitutional right. In @ ORGANIZATION1 it is clearly stated that there will be freedom of the press. By discarding certain literary works, this right will be rejected and by violating a constitutional right, what will happen next ? Will our freedom of expression be denied, or our freedom to assemble? As citizens of @ LOCATION1, we cannot let this happen to our great nation. By allowing certain books and essays to be thrown out of our libraries, people's knowledge base will eventually shrink considerably. Take for example the theory of evolution of @ PERSON1, a very sensitive subject among people of faith @ CAPS1. If all of his work on this matter was rejected, a lot of very valuable information for biologists would be lost and these biologists would not be able to improve the existing pool of information. If this were to happen, our civilization would experience a decrease in intellect and increasing ignorance regarding many areas of knowledge. Imagine @ CAPS2 in the @ DATE1. Hitler's @ ORGANIZATION2 has seized power and we systematically destroy any documents they find subversive to the @ ORGANIZATION2 cause, only allowing documents containing beliefs and ideals they believed to be correct. exist in libraries. This is exactly what we would do if we allowed censorship of our libraries. Censorship of libraries would be controlled by a relatively small group of people, which means that the censorship would be controlled by the beliefs and ideals of those same people, and those same beliefs and ideals would thus be imposed on the people, shaping the beliefs and ideals. ideals of the masses to these privileged few. In conclusion, allowing censorship to operate in our public libraries will dismantle the basic structure of our society by violating a constitutional right, gradually making our society more and more ignorant, and leaving behind the beliefs and ideals of our people. rest in the hands of a select few. This is not what our @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 was planning to become @ LOCATION2 and they were right. Allowing censorship to exist in our public libraries is just plain wrong
Everyone has things that would offend them whether they admit it or not. Books are known to do this to people. However, there are all kinds of books, music, and all other materials that might offend all kinds of people. There are even books read in classrooms that offend people. Reading is an important thing and whether the reader likes it or not, he will meet one that offends him. I believe we have a right to have these offensive things because there are so many books that offend people, music and movies are censored, and if they don't like it, they should ignore it . First of all, we have the right to have these kinds of books. Just like in life, there are some things that people don't like, but come to terms with anyway. It is what it is. Even though there are a handful who dislike certain books, these books are the ones who are well liked and who become famous. I read a book that people wanted to ban and it was one of the best books I've read. In short, if we took out all the books that a person didn't like, there would be few left. Second, music and movies are censored. You can choose whether you want this censorship or not. Movies indicate at what age you can watch these movies. The music blocks the words that need to be. If they don't want to, they don't need to listen to it or watch it. We all have certain things that we love and hate, we cannot eliminate all of the hated things. Finally, in my opinion, if they don't want it, they don't need to have it. Music and movies are an option for people, they don't have to listen to or watch something that they think is a bad idea. Everything is stubborn, there is no right or wrong in it. I know people who don't have @ CAPS1 or who don't listen to the radio, that's fine. They don't have to complain because they don't pay any attention to it. To conclude, there are so many books in the world that offend people, music and movies are censored, and if they can't stand it, they don't have to deal with it. Like I said, these books, magazines, music, etc. are highly regarded by a lot of people, so why throw it off for the few who take offense ? We all have things we do and dislike that we can't do anything about. As Katherine Paterson once said, " But if I have the right to take this book off the shelf, then you have exactly the same right and everyone else has the same right." And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us.
There I was, making my way through the library, finding the perfect books to consult. It was then that I came across a book that looked incredibly interesting. The cover page showed a depressed girl with a look of hope plastered on her face and the back included a summary of a book I wanted to get my hands on. The book, titled @ CAPS1, was about a girl who went through tough times but found a way out. Stories, novels, magazines or books on tape of all kinds end up on the shelves of our library, so it's our job to find them. Whether literature includes stories of love and breakup, heartache and depression, or the success of a sports team, everything should be allowed on the shelves of our libraries. Opinion, everyone has one that conflicts with someone else. Our world revolves around these different views and ideas, shouldn't our literature and music reflect these opposing sides? Literature is an escape for many people, it is their way of experiencing the world and living through the main character of everything they read. If we remove books that @ MONTH1 are offensive to one, we take that opportunity away from others. In my opinion, removing potentially offensive material from our libraries protects our world. No matter how hard we try, children and teens will one day be exposed to the offensive material we try to remove from their lives. We should not try to hide what our current world looks like, but rather allow them to experience it in a safe way, like reading or listening to music. If anyone considers the content to be offensive, it should be the parents' responsibility to determine whether their child is reading or listening to it or not. Removing potentially offensive material would not help. In conclusion, offensive material should not be removed from our libraries, but rather regulated by our parents or elders. The idea of regulating what is on our shelves is not the most effective. If a document has the potential to be offensive, it is not the library's role to regulate whether or not it is displayed to the public.
Censorship in a library should stay the same as it already is. There are a few reasons why censorship is fine as it is. These reasons are that parents should be responsible for the books their children read, not everyone agrees with censorship, and libraries have books on different subjects that people like to read. The first reason is that parents should be responsible for what their children read. If parents just told their children no to a certain book, then the child would not read it. If the parent does not want their child to go to a section, parents can simply tell to stay away from that area. Although sometimes the child @ MONTH1 wanders away from their parents, the parent is unlikely to not notice. That is why parents should be responsible for what their children read. The second reason is that not everyone agrees on censorship. Some people think religion is important no matter what the book shows, but others would think parts of the religious book (nudity, swearing, etc.) are grossly inappropriate. Some people would argue that books like the @ CAPS1 Mythology Books are inappropriate and should be censored, although others think these books are a culture of the past and should stay in libraries forever. Most kids will look at these books and think the books are too big to read, so they wouldn't even look at them. Few would agree on censorship, and many would disagree. The third reason is that libraries have different subjects than inappropriate books. People can look at a different book and ignore the others altogether. It's not like a kid walks up to the dirtiest book he can find and says "@ CAPS2 I want to read this one". the child will probably want something that relates to some TV show or movie. The point is that a person can read books other than inappropriate books. Library books should stay the same because parents should be responsible for what their children read, not everyone agrees on censorship, and libraries have different topics that people want to read. Censorship should be fine, some people think, others wouldn't. The kids probably wouldn't look at the inappropriate book anyway, because the kid wouldn't be interested in it.
So you see a nice old lady looking at one of the many books in a library, she throws @ CAPS4. You look at her, she looks at you, she walks away. You're going to get the book, @ CAPS4 on medical marijuana. Did she take offense at that? I don't care what people have to say, if @ CAPS4 is on the shelf, @ CAPS4 is still on the shelf. I convince librarians, readers, and everyone else that if you offend any book, magazine, movie, or whatever you can find in a @ CAPS1 library, shut your mouth. A library serves several purposes, one, @ CAPS4 from @ CAPS1, it is open to everyone. Second, if you have a library card, you can view books, movies, music, etc. Third, if you walk down the street and “ I have to go, ” you can stop and go. What I'm trying to say is that nothing should be taken off any shelf in any library. Yeah, I mean, there's a certain point at which you have to take things into your own hands, but even then you can have a teenage room or whatever. I think if you take something off the shelf in a library, you can just take part of the heart. Let's say you have @ NUM1 @ CAPS1 libraries in your city, one library has one thing the other doesn't. Someone is rioting and he takes @ CAPS4 from the shelf. You won't find it anywhere else, unless you buy @ CAPS4 offline. And sometimes it can get a bit expensive, especially since you can get @ CAPS4 for free from a library ? But then again, I see where people are coming from to remove certain materials from the shelves. Suppose you have a @ NUM2 year old child, and he comes up to you with a sex love book. What can you say about it? I mean it looks cheesy but @ CAPS4 can happen. Most parents just want to keep their children in a safe and harmless environment. That's where they come in and say, "I thought it was a @ CAPS1 library ?!" So this is where @ CAPS4 goes wrong. After all that is going on, people are just accusing the librarians at @ CAPS2 of getting those books, movies and music that are just plain bad for a young child. But @ CAPS4 is not the librarians' fault, different people like different books, it is @ CAPS2 a library has many, many choices when @ CAPS4 comes to books. This is when the question arises : " @ CAPS2 don't we just have separate rooms, for separate books ? " @ CAPS3 sounds good and everything, but who's going to pay for @ CAPS4? Libraries receive a lot of their material, they are profitable, but again, an unprofitable resource. Libraries have been around for ages, most of them started out small and are now big. This is when the library receives donations, examines them, and sells the books it doesn't want or need. They make money with that, that's when they start to make separate bedrooms. @ CAPS4 sounds crazy, but @ CAPS4 wouldn't riot over people. Therefore, people are happy, librarians happy, and above all you are happy. You can find the book you want or need easily as one, two, three. All you have to do is go to that room, search for @ CAPS4, check @ CAPS4 and you have a good book to read anytime. @ CAPS4 seems easier than searching for @ CAPS4, get the pink decimal number, find the number. Overall, we shouldn't take anything off a library shelf because @ CAPS4 @ MONTH1 is the only one in your town, maybe the only one in your state, maybe the whole country. We never know. All I have to say is, "@ CAPS4 better to keep a book than to forget a book.
Maybe, in a way, I don't think the books should be cut to any extent. The reason is that some books, magazines and the like can be informative. They can help you with some questions. They @ MONTH1 don't always meet what you need, but they're here to look back and see what kind of generation we have. But, there are also other reasons that can offend others. People @ MONTH1 take this to the next level where they hurt themselves. I think maybe some books and magazines should be deleted. They tend to hurt others and can hurt other people. The meaning of this further is to ask the store to remove the books or magazine. The store cannot remove the books from the shelf if someone is offended by the book. If you take every offensive book off the shelf, you won't learn from the other mistakes he made in other people's lives. They might think it would be a good idea to get some books off the shelf, but young adults wouldn't be able to learn the mature things that parents don't want to teach. They @ MONTH1 think they are doing the right thing in not showing you offensive sex stuff. You @ MONTH1 don't want kids or other people to see this sexuality and see what the world is becoming. Also, I can see why they would want to take this stuff off the shelves. They @ MOIS1 don't like what they see but they think it's the truth and it's very offensive to see the sexual and mental illness that people have. Some @ MONTH1 books stay on the shelves like an @ CAPS1 book. @ CAPS1 books so that the human body does not hide the human body that we should know about the human body. Thus, @ CAPS1 books and magazines should remain on the shelf. If you want to watch some provakadive nude stuff, go to a sex store. Do not publish books in public that may show the sexual side of human beings. @ CAPS1 magazines are here for learning, not for fun. You can go to another store for fun. But, if you remove items that may be offensive to others, it means you will need to remove @ CAPS1 items. People might become offensive by not looking like the people in the magazine. It might offend them, so would you like to take it off the shelf or not. No, you wouldn't because an @ CAPS1 book is here to teach you not to be offended. It could also go for the sexual magais. Yes, sex is good for you, but would you like to teach it to young children that fast. You want to teach them about sexual introcourses, not a magazine. I know @ CAPS1 books and tapes can encourage sex, but they are primarily intended for adults. As far as music and cassettes go, no, I don't think those guys should be taken out. It's for fun and people like to chill out with that stuff. I mean I don't buy @ CAPS2 tapes or music, but others do. They like it if you take it off, so what else would they put in ? We have to think about the younger generations. The older generations lived happy, non-violent lives. But, for teens now in some places, they're having a hard time. They have to make a living on the streets. They need something to listen to. This offensive music is all about listening to horrible music, of course, but what music is not these days. If music is what interests you, then why would we take it off the shelves. People make a living listening to music and creating it for others. It's a wonderful thing, it's really what makes the world go round. Getting stores and stalls to remove music and newspapers would be a bummer to see such a wonderful thing fall into the hole because it hurts others. If you come back to @ NUM1, the music was about drugs too and nobody ever had a problem with that. Maybe people don't have a problem with it, but that's because they grew up around it. Just like we grew up in rap and sex music. We are teenagers and you once were. You know you wouldn't listen to a beetle song that isn't about drugs, sex, or high. The beetles sang everything the singers sing now. Generations change and so does drunkenness, but you can't change the way we grew up. You can try to improve it, but it will take a lot of willpower. The generations are now tough and they will not disappoint. You might as well stop trying to suppress what we have grown far away from us. No one was trying to deprive you of your music, so why would you deprive us of ours. It's not something you want to take away, it's something you want to look back and see how much the generations have changed from one to the next.
In my opinion, I believe that all types of material should be allowed in libraries. If someone is offended by a particular topic or section, they don't have to read it. Not just certain kinds of genres and themes or magazines. Everyone means they have different personalities and views on what they like. I think these libraries are actually expanding their variety of books. Libraries that don't meet a person's wants or interests, what would make them want to stay ? Libraries should be filled with all kinds of topics that appeal to everyone. Much like the way they have a section for adults and children. Everyone has a place where they feel they belong. Even if some people are offended. A person can be offended anywhere, not just by a certain magazine or a certain style of music. I believe if there is a certain line of respect of course. Nothing should come off the line if it is an issue with a large number of consumers complaining about the same topic. You can tell if a certain section or a certain material crosses the line. Each section should be written to tell the truth but also in a respectful manner. In the times that I've been to the library, there are @ MONTH1 things that I don't agree with the way certain things are in certain ways. But then I see someone who really enjoys their time in the library. I know that when I go there, I always find my style of music that I like. Not just the same everywhere I go. There are always choices, different options, and more that I can learn. Keep all material like books, music, movies, etc. is a way to please everyone. I nobody should have their opinion and the choice to be able to read what they like. There will always be a certain movie or book that you don't like, but others might. If everyone said what they liked and disliked about a certain book. Where's the variety? What books will be left? Everyone has their ideas of what they like, if there's one topic you don't like you probably know the least about it. And the library is a good way to search and find information on anything
This essay examines whether certain library materials should be removed from shelves if they are offensive to some. I don't believe things should be taken off library shelves if they have offended someone. Just because he's offensive to one person doesn't mean he's offensive to everyone. If you're offended by something they're posting, there are ways to avoid seeing them. One thing you can do to avoid it is never walk past or around shelves that display it, ask for help getting everything you need, or try to find what you are looking for. on the Internet. When I visit the library, I already know what I'm going to get, so I've never found anything offensive to myself. If I found something offensive to me I would complain and if they didn't do anything I would never go back. I would just do some research online or go to another library where I know it will meet my needs. The libraries I go to always have sections separating the different age groups. The sections are divided into children, adolescents and adults. I have been to the library several times and have never heard anyone complain about anything offensive. If the library had something that offended me, I wouldn't know. Every time I go there I stay in a special section for teenagers and look at magazines and books. I think if people are offended by what they see on the shelves, they should just avoid it or ignore it because everyone has their own opinion of what offends them and what isn't.
I think we shouldn't take it off the shelf because what @ MONTH1 is offensive to you @ MONTH1 doesn't offend me. or something that is fun or i think or beneficial to me. and that @ MONTH1 is offensive to me @ MONTH1 is not offensive to you. And I think if something is offensive to someone, they should just go away, or I don't mind
I believe the current way of censoring and removing material works and should continue. While not everyone @ MONTH1 likes a particular novel or book, libraries cannot remove all the books that a person dislikes, as Katherine Paterson said. When a book seems so controversial that the majority of people disapprove of it, then the book is usually taken off the shelves. The possibility of children seeing the offensive material seems unlikely. Most public libraries do not place offensive material near children's books. In my local library, there is a section that groups the most offensive or obscene books in one place. To acquire these books, you must have permission from your parents or be NUM1 years old. It is very unlikely that a child will ever see the documents in question. Many people who find the material offensive should also remember the time and place the story originated. @ PERSON3 @ PERSON2 @ MONTH1 contains racial slurs, but considering the time and place of the novel, these slurs were normal for the time. Someone can't be frustrated with a novel written @ NUM2 years ago because it contains something offensive by today's standards. While I believe that, for the most part, libraries shouldn't censor or delete documents, some restrictions should be in place to prevent libraries from extremely dangerous documents. For example, libraries should not have dirty magazines or films on their shelves. If a large majority of people want to ban a particular material, then it is difficult to ignore them. When a book is so vulgar that people start to protest the book, there are questions as to whether the book should stay on the library shelves. When a high percentage of people join this cause, then it should be banned. Censorship or deletion of material from libraries remains a hot topic today. I believe the current system in place for censoring or deleting books is doing its job, and should continue. So few people disapprove of a particular material, the book stays in most shelves uncensored. When a lot of people start to protest against this same material, it has a high probability of being banned. With this process, every book that contains a racial insult or questionable scene is not deleted, while those that really deserve it are deleted.
Have you ever been to the library and asked yourself any of the following questions ? Who is reading this? Why is it here? Do children read or watch this stuff ? Do children check them ? Or have you ever wondered or thought to yourself any of these statements ? I don't want my kids to take this and read this. It is so offensive. It goes against all our customs. I don't know what kind of freak convention it is, but I'm not one of them. Let's get out of here. This place is crazy. Have you ever thought about banned books from the library ? Who bans books? I think things should be very offensive to take them off the shelves. I think they should just stick them to one side of the bookcase and put an age in them or you have to be a certain age to view these books. I don't think curse books are that offensive. When the person (whoever it is) comes out into the world. They will learn and hear swear words. People use them as they do for the words " and " or " the ". They will hear them to their grave. Whether they chose to use them or not is their choice. In order for them to be banned or moved to another group of books, they would have to be sexist, racy, having a lot of sex, or just really horrible. I think they should go upstairs with the mushy romance and the wacky West. I mean people could go in there and check it out, but that's the adult library area. The stairs should be near the loan office. When not busy, they should go upstairs and check to see if there are young children up there. I think the upper level or a certain area should be the adult area. They've got lovey dovey mushy stuff, they got pulling cowboy stuff and offensive stuff. Stuff with too much sex, really racy, or really sexist, or horrible stuff like people killing people for fun. They should also have the adult magazines there too. Don't act like you don't know what I'm talking about. You know how you walk down an aisle at the market @ CAPS1 and there are girls in bikinis and half naked. Then there are the cosmos, both should be upstairs. I mean they're talking about how to give pleasurable sex. I would hate for a little @ NUM1 year old or @ NUM2 year old to pick up this thing, she would be tagged for life. Then the main level or area should be teenage books. You know the vampire books, the heroes of @ CAPS1, the crazy fictions, and then the magazines and the movies that aren't bad. Then the lower level should be the children's level. Puppet games and easy movies and books. That's pretty much it sums it up. I don't think anyone should be able to ban a book. I think it should be open but not just anyone. There should be a big meeting. With the mayor, a couple of teachers, an English teacher at each level, and parents, and Librabians. The person who wants to be banned should tell everyone why and everything. As author Katherine Paterson said, “ We can all think of a book that we hope none of our children or other children have pulled off the shelves. But if I have the right to take this book off the shelf, then you have the exact same right and everyone else too. And then we don't have any more books for any of us.
Censorship in libraries. Do you think we should be able to take movies, magizens, and books off the shelf. There are many different arguments about this. I think if they put the books, movies, and other stuff on the shelves, they should be able to be read by kids and others. They need to learn everything there is in this world. because if they don't learn it now, they'll never know when they're older. I think it is crucial that our young people know this. Some people @ MOIS1 say we are two young to watch this stuff, but the younger you find out, the better off you will be when you get older. So that's my take on the situation. the younger you are you can learn more about things
I think some material shouldn't be removed because a few people don't like what's in a book, movie, or music. If we listened to what everyone was saying and deleted the books they didn't like, others wouldn't have anything to read. For example, if a man walked into a library and asked the library to remove a book that talks about murder and that contains violence. Someone who @ MONTH1 comes to @ MONTH1 library every day wants to read this book because it is the type of books that man loves. Another example is if a person has children who come to the library and those children watch movies about gangs, drugs, and violence, the mother would want that movie removed from the library. I'm saying if the mother doesn't want her kids to watch the movies they make, she should tell them something and punish them every time they watch it. Instead of parents trying to pull off the books that many others like, they should be more disciplined with their children. One way for the library to prevent children from getting movies or books that they shouldn't read is to put all the books and movies in a special area where they will be watched. A lot of people like movies with drugs and violence. This type of movie or book should not be deleted because of what another person thinks about that certain thing. I also think that if a person doesn't like the kind of language or pictures in a book or a movie, then they shouldn't read or watch it. And if they say kids watch or read it without their permission, then it's all their fault and they should find out more about what young kids are doing instead of trying to get that book, the movie. is sometimes removed, books and movies have very offensive language, but that's because they're just trying to show some things that are happening in the real world. They want the movie or the book to be as real as possible.
Censorship; the aspect of removing offensive material from public view. Is this the right thing to do? Should society as a whole eliminate variety? Do you believe that our generation or future generations should not experience and understand what past generations have? I think the censorship is bad in all aspects, but I also think that content that is offensive or inappropriate for certain ages can be controlled. Theaters, video stores, @ ORGANIZATION1, and television all do it. They use ratings and age control for their viewers. Now control can be difficult and @ MONTH1 does not always work if it is not handled properly. To deal with this situation before it happens, the library can use a system like restaurants or bars; such as, for example, checking the ID before letting a book rated '@ CAPS1' or higher be checked out. Different sections of the library may be accessible to certain age groups. Now @ MONTH1 think about it ; does not this idea take away from the freedoms that libraries give us? Well you @ MOIS1 are right, but you'd rather our kids see violence and other inappropriate content that they shouldn't see ? It would be like a movie. You wouldn't need to buy a ticket, but the content control would be phenomenal for what it is. Would you want your six year old daughter to take a movie about adult violence, movies with sexual content, or even an @ CAPS2 with swear words ? Why should the library give children things that parents disapprove of? I believe the library should be a place of learning and freedom, but learning should be something that is age appropriate. Our society is maturing too quickly for young children, why should the library participate? Libraries located in schools do not even offer this material because they know that the majority of the readers in their library are students. That being said, why should public libraries agree to store this material. Yes, the media are everywhere. Movies, books, magazines, newspapers, music, and more are selling for more than they should. The media shows kids things they shouldn't know until they are young adults, but are you okay? Is it fair for children to see and want whatever they want? No. Fighting fire with fire only makes the fire worse. Why start our children at a young age with violence, sex and inappropriate material ? Would you like to fail your children? I know I wouldn't, so why let our libraries distribute books, magazines, movies and more to allow our children to thrive in the culture they are stuck with? I don't think we should take these books out of our libraries because everyone has a different opinion, but I think there needs to be control in place for our children's and other children's bags. That being said, censorship is overrated, but some library material is underrated and needs to be managed and controlled.
Everyone has a favorite book. And some of us can't let go after we read the first sentence. A few days later, the library takes it down and says it is offensive to many who have read it. Why should many people lose a good read just because someone doesn't like what they see ? We all try to accommodate everyone and their needs just to make them happy. Everything they ask for is done because we don't want a big stage. Most people think, “This book is offensive! Take that off! Repugnant!'. But why? Everyone has the right to read what he wants to read. No library should meet the needs of a minority about an " offensive " book just because it says it is inappropriate. Who are we to judge what is good for everyone and what is not? Books are written for a reason, and that is to share the author's ideas, not to corrupt society with their " evil " and " offensive " ideas that could potentially cause a child to rebel. This excuse is ridiculous. A parent should have taught their child to tell the difference between right and wrong, and if they use the "@ CAPS1 the child will become a rebel if they read this !" excuse, then they are not confident in their child's abilities or that they have taught their child well. Plus, it's not just the readers who get angry, it's the author. How bad would someone feel if they spent a year or two on a fantastic book, just to see it banned from library after library ? Probably angry or upset. Authors have the right to write whatever they want. If they want to talk about dragons and princesses, so be it. If they want to discuss why we see a full moon when we do? Go for it. No one can stop the creation of great books, and they certainly shouldn't be able to stop people from reading them. If someone is offended by a book then don't read it, it's that simple. Parents love to protect their children from harm and raise them as good citizens of @ LOCATION1. By having this desire, parents do everything to ensure that their son or daughter does not see, hear or read anything inappropriate or " bad ". It's just ridiculous. Controlling a child's life will cause them to rebel more and more as they get older. Let the children choose the book they read or the movie they watch. Parents need to teach their children right and wrong, and in doing so, allowing them to see, hear or read whatever they want shouldn't be a problem. Without books, movies and music, what would the world be like today? Nobody knows. Books are an excellent source of information, allowing the author to express himself as well. Films are almost equally harmless, you need limits, but overall? There should be no problem. Also, music allows the artist to bring out his creativity and his emotion. Allowing that music, movie, or book to be made and then take it off is ridiculous. If it offends someone, then that person should just forget about it, instead of taking it away from the people who love them and the person who did it.
I don't think there should be censorship in good books and music shouldn't be removed just because someone finds it offensive. Because the opinion of one @ MONTH1 is different from another. I think music is the most important, because not many people are offended by books, but music censorship, I think, destroys it. Because it's an artist's way of expressing and if people don't want to listen to what he's saying, then they just shouldn't listen. Books that I think shouldn't be considered offensive for the same reason that music should be a writer's opinion and expression, it's like telling someone they can't express their feelings. opinion on something like races or use swear words if they want to.
A @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ MONTH1 @ CAPS3: I am writing to you today regarding censorship in libraries. I have had a few select cases in my life where I have read a book or magazine that for some @ MONTHS1 seems offensive and for others not at all. However, I have my own take on the situation and I think @ CAPS2 is my duty to let you know that I think books, magazines etc. offending should be removed from the shelves. Everyone has grown up and learned different values and morals that are important to them. They defend these values, but at the same time respect the fact that others have the right to believe differently from them. With the world as @ CAPS2 is now, violence can erupt from the simplest things. Putting books on public shelves for the public to read can very easily cause explosions and debates between people with opposing opinions. Offensive books and magazines aimed at the public demand something bad to result. My suggestion to you is to remove these offensive books. This will create a safe and happy environment for all who visit public libraries and other public places. @ CAPS2 will create fewer arguments between adults and set an example for young children who observe their parents' behavior. Children follow in their parents' footsteps. Watching parents' bad behavior due to offensive books does not teach the child how to act responsibly if put in that position. When our children grow up, we want them to behave responsibly. Offensive books that aren't put on the shelves will hopefully create a healthy environment for appropriate behavior. As a student, I want to grow up in a world where there are respectful, happy and responsible people. I want people to get along well. I think removing offensive books from the shelves will help with this somewhat peaceful world I would like to live in. The violence can be created by anything, and I think that the offending books should be the last thing to add. Without offensive books for the public to read, it will create a better environment for people living today.
Removing Books If there is a book that someone finds offensive, should all books similar to that book be removed from the shelves ? When I was in sixth grade, my teacher asked me to read and write a summary on 'A @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3'. I searched the entire library for the book and finally decided to ask for help, the privilege of reading the book was taken away from me. The book was no longer allowed in elementary schools because parents saw what their children were reading and found the book very offensive. After numerous reports on the book, the book was removed from the library. In order for me to do what my teacher asked me to do, I had to go to a public library and get the book. If you find a book offensive keep @ CAPS3 to yourself and don't read the book, they shouldn't be able to delete books just because of what people think of them. Lots of people like different types of books, no matter if they are offensive or not others @ MONTH1 like them. I believe everyone has the right to read whatever they want, books are meant to be read and watched. If the books are taken away, then very fewer books will be read. But the more books that are read and understood, the more books will be written and published. The same has to do with music, movies, magazines, etc., they are all made for a reason and need to be checked. @ CAPS3 is great to learn different things by reading, listening, reviewing, ect, even the things @ MONTH1 people find offensive, they @ MONTH1 teach lessons.
Going to the library you would think this is a family environment, right ? I know that when I think of the library, I don't think of shocking things that might upset anyone. Surprisingly, a lot of libraries do and I don't think they should be read aloud because they aren't just for adults. The children loved going to the library to check out books and other things they appreciate, but a child of five years does not need to see a movie, a book or anything else denouncing other sex or race. These documents shouldn't be able to sit on the shelves, no matter what the authors say if they put someone down. Writers or library owners wouldn't let their own children read it, so why should it be okay for another child to read or watch it. I'm not the only one who thinks this, I'm sure there are millions of people like me who wouldn't appreciate it if loved ones find these things and read them. The information that young people see or hear while they are still young will accompany them throughout their lives; who knows what they will do or think when they are old enough. These places are meant to be a family place where you can go to get information and not for someone to pick up on violence, drugs, racism and any other diragotori topic. Young children are not the only ones who do not read these truncated documents ; adolescents and adults are more likely to understand it better and take the topics into account. I beg these library owners to remove these offensive materials from their branches ; not only because little children could see them, but adults also don't need to read, listen or watch these things. If you wouldn't want your child to do this, why would anyone else want their child too?
Why should they take them off the shelves? If you ask me, I think they should leave @ CAPS1 for them. I think they should leave @ CAPS1 up there. Not only does @ CAPS1 perform in libraries, but also on televisions. Everything in the library might not offend some people. Some people take @ CAPS1 offensive when they see something that is against their religion, culture, or maybe their country. But we have people insulting certain things in the library but don't worry about @ CAPS1. I say, 'If you check out the library and find something you find offensive, don't get @ CAPS1 just because you don't like @ CAPS1 doesn't mean others won't like @ CAPS1. So why waste time trying to fight to get @ CAPS1 off the shelves when @ CAPS1 is really the only person who is worried about @ CAPS1 ? ' @ CAPS1 just doesn't make any sense how people have a fit because certain material has offended them. Like someone said a pastor was on TV talking about how bad hell is because some people don't think @ CAPS1 won't be that bad. He was on TV at the time and this lady took offense at @ CAPS1 and made them take the TV off. But she didn't need to watch it on TV, she could have watched something else. Nobody made her watch @ CAPS1, she chose to watch @ CAPS1. So what I'm saying is just like the author of the diary said, 'I have the right to take this book that I hate off the shelf, so you have the exact same right and everything. the world too. ' @ CAPS2 that if you want something in the trade, think of other people who actually want to use @ CAPS1 rather than just thinking of you.
Libraries are great for several reasons. A library is the place to go if you need to do some research, meet a student, find an interesting book to read, find the song you're looking for, or pick out a new movie to rent for tonight. However, within a library there are limits to what they offer and what you can get. Censorship in libraries is a topic that comes up from time to time, and people will debate whether they think censorship is a good or a bad thing to have. Personally, I think censorship can be more troublesome for some. For example, when I was in ninth grade, I was assigned to do a research paper on @ ORGANIZATION1. However, this topic turned out to be a research challenge as the libraries I visited did not offer many books or resources compared to @ ORGANIZATION1 as it is considered an " inappropriate " or " offensive " topic. . Also, the librarians would not @ CAPS1 let me see some of the books because of my age. Since they thought I was too young to read this information, they weren't going @ CAPS1 to let me continue my research. I think if this is something that is happening in the world we live in, then it might as well be accessible to the public. If there are people who wish not to see or hear about certain topics, then they can take it upon themselves to avoid it. Rather than getting rid of it all together. The same goes for any form of media. If there is a @ CAPS1.V. show you don't like @ CAPS1, don't watch it at @ CAPS1. If there is a song you don't like, then don't listen to it at @ CAPS1. It's as simple as that. I know I do it all the time. People have to take it upon themselves and figure out what they can and cannot handle, and then apply that to their daily lives. As far as children are concerned, and censoring certain subjects of them, I think it is up to the child's guardians to determine what @ CAPS2.K is. and not @ CAPS2.K. so that they can see or hear. Then, it is the responsibility of the guardians to make sure that their rules, or guidelines, are set and that the child understands what they are. In conclusion, I think the purpose of a library is to offer information. Any information. Then people go to this library to find the information they are looking for, with the wide selection that the library has to offer. I think libraries shouldn't have to take responsibility for censoring items that @ MONTH1 are offensive. It's their job to just offer information
I don't think books should be censored on library shelves. Katherine is right in many ways. We wouldn't have any books if everyone took away the ones they weren't looking for. The world would lose a lot of information about important things in their worlds. I'm writing this to explain why I don't think books should be censored. I don't think books should be deleted if they are offensive to certain people, as they sometimes help people see their mistakes, like a book about the glory of how white men and women treated men and women and women @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2. Now someday people would read this book and if they were racist after this book they wouldn't be because they see how wrong @ CAPS7 is. Music is freedom of speech, some artists see themselves as "liberators", "idols" and even "spread loves", yes these are songs that might "sound" offensive, but you will never know how to how tall a @ CAPS3 will grow if you cut @ CAPS7 For example, the song called '@ CAPS4' from @ CAPS5 @ CAPS6, @ CAPS7 has Catholic churches furious because they automatically assume she disrespects @ CAPS8 when in reality she is speaking in a whole different tone. People learn special and powerful life lessons from things or situations that are rejected by our society and @ CAPS7 will probably always stay that way, we just don't know. But one thing we do know is that we can change what we are doing in the present and better what we were going to do in the future.
Libraries are happy that you can get a book that you close to be licked, some beers that you won when you are still allowed to have in the book you want. I raised that there must not be anything sop pelpar par de reed. So I think tallow stops we inflate bie tack the Book shaf
Books, films, magazines, etc. should they be removed from the shelves if they are found to be offensive. No, because all you have to do is ignore it or ignore it and it shouldn't bother you too much. Most people can watch something and think it's interesting, like something that happened on the news recently that was published in the newspapers or put on the Internet. For example, the story of @ LOCATION1, which hit the headlines last week, people think it's great that he's finally found and killed. If people found it offensive, it might be because they didn't know what he did or wasn't there when it happened. If they removed offensive stuff, we wouldn't have anything of interest to read. If someone found a racist movie they didn't understand it, just put it back and find something else like romance or comedy. Everyone would need to laugh every now and then. For music, if your friend recommends something to you, check the internet first to see if it's good, otherwise just say no and you find it offensive. If they were true friends, they would understand and maybe come to terms with you with something else. Magazines, as far as I know, are not really offensive. The only thing is to have pictures, gossip, facts and stories that might spark your interest. Books may contain things that you find shocking, but if you love the book so much, you might as well finish it. If you've found a book that you really like, read it a bit or check it out on the internet to see what it's all about. Of all the books I read I didn't find any shocking, they were all good books, books that I would probably re-read if I wanted to, but I wouldn't, because I'm lazy. Newspapers are interesting to read and may contain few or no offensive remarks. Some might relate to blacks or Mexicans, something like that. Well, I haven't read it yet, but I've heard about it. In the newspapers there might be little comics or gags that would probably be more offensive than anything in the newspaper. I think if you find something offensive just ignore it and move on instead of worrying because it wouldn't work at all.
There is so much nowadays that people find offensive, in so many different places in magazines, books, movies, cell phones, on the internet, even certain words in songs. Some people find it so offensive that they think they should be able to remove such offensive material on their own. An important thing for parents in this situation is what if my child gets hold of it? I don't want them reading this! What if it ruined their childhood? Honestly, parents, if you don't want your young child to read these things or see these pictures, then why take them to these places too? On the occasion that they grab it, sit down with them and discuss it with them so that they understand that it is something that they shouldn't be obsessed with. Also, if everyone took away things from themselves that they found inappropriate, we would have nothing more to read, listen to or watch. Often times, one thing that someone finds funny can endlessly offend another person. For example, @ PERSON1 might find something very nice, but @ PERSON2 might find the same thing extremely offensive. This would lead to many disputes between or communities. Yet, there is yet another reason why it wouldn't work well and wouldn't be a good idea. If that happened, kids would grow up thinking it's an easy world. This world is hard and not easy all the time. Children learn a lot from the media. As long as we have positive role models explaining to kids that what they see in certain media is wrong and that they shouldn't be participating in it, then why should it be deleted ? If people could do this, communities would have a lot more anger crimes, we would have nothing to read, see or see, and children would live very confused lives not knowing what to expect from the media. So now I ask you, what do you think
From my point of view, I think that if material such as books is offensive to the reader, the reader should just leave the book cleared. just because you think it's offensive, it won't be fair to take it away from @ NUM1, ooo more people. Also, I think if some are offensive to more than one person, that shouldn't just be taken away at that point, we as people should step in, vote, or talk about the issue. I think it just won't be good for us or the rest of the world then look at how much work the author has had to put in place I also know it's not easy to do Here is an example that my family and i want to eat but we didn't have to eat so everyone thought of pizzy but my big brother used to do so we go out to eat that night because of a nobody's tooth , that's not fair now, is it. So in my conclusion, I don't think his wood is fair to take away because some bodies are funding him offensively, you just have to look at the rest of the world you just did because that won't fit the rest of the world. 'between us.
The contents of a library should be full of miscellaneous material even if an @ MONTH1 finds some material offensive. Just because someone @ MONTH1 thinks some content is offensive, does that mean we just ignore the topic, forgetting about it altogether ? Some @ MONTH1 topics are difficult to broach, read, or even think about, but that doesn't mean we should ignore them. One topic that @ MONTH1 is difficult to read is sexually transmitted diseases. You often see people walking through the library going through the aisles, opening a book every now and then to see what it's all about, but when they get to the sexually transmitted disease section, they just walk past it, too. uncomfortable being seen in the area. It's not a topic people normally read for fun, but everyone should be aware of it. There are many topics like this that everyone should be aware of, even if you think it doesn't affect you. Another reason to keep all the books in the library is to be aware of the story. Some @ MONTH1 story is horrible and completely crazy, but we need to be aware of these things and not forget them. The @ CAPS1 for example. It was a very dark period in history. Over six million people have died because one person didn't like what they believed in. It is sometimes difficult to read, but you need to be aware of what has happened in the past, however depressing it may be. We have to be aware to prevent another event like this from happening. People's tastes in music vary. There are so many different types and styles of music. Some @ MONTH1 music may offend other people, but does that mean you should get rid of it in the library ? The library should always have a wide variety of different music. Often times people would like to expand their musical intellect and the library is the perfect place to do so. Everyone is different. We never all like the same thing. Taking materials from the library to avoid the topic does not prevent someone from finding that information. If people wanted information and couldn't find it in the library, they would probably find another way to get that information. Having a variety of books, music, movies, and magazines makes the library a place to learn new things, no matter what the subject.
You are watching a movie on TV that you and your friend have seen at the movies. You both love the movie and just as it gets closer to the best part, the TV skips that part because people think that scene is inappropriate. Censorship is fine, but sometimes it's too harsh when it comes to movies, music, and books. Some of the popular movies will end up on TV for viewers' entertainment, @ CAPS1 some movies have somewhat inappropriate screens, and while it's not that offensive, the TV companies will cut the screen. Also, if there is any foul language in the movie, they'll take that word out and replace it with another word that doesn't make sense to what the movie is trying to say. Censorship tends to ruin the movies most people love. Television companies even censor historical films. If this is a historical film, it shouldn't be censored because it takes the truth out of the story. Music is another element that tends to get censored quite often. With music, if there is a wrong word, the word is just skipped or beeped, which makes the song look strange. Most songs are censored because parents don't want their children to listen to them. I don't think music should be censored just for little kids. If parents don't want their kids to hear these words, they shouldn't let their kids listen to this kind of music. Books tend to be censored and even banned in schools. There aren't too many kids reading books anymore, so if they decide to read a book, we should let them read whatever they want, because reading helps the mind. Some schools have banned books because of inappropriate language. It is unfair because some books are beautifully written, but children cannot read them because of the language. Additionally, some books are censored for being too detailed when it comes to certain scenes dealing with sex and crime. Some books are too good to be banned. A lot of things seem to be censored in this world. We should have censorship, but it shouldn't be so bad when it comes to movies, music, and books.
The library is meant to be a place filled with materials of all kinds and types. Many of us go to the library because we are looking for something in particular, rather than just browsing. While some materials that people need to search for at the @ MONTH1 library are considered inappropriate for some audiences, they are still a useful resource for others. This @ MONTH1 includes getting information for a research paper, renting a movie to watch for school, or finding a certain type of book to read. By removing certain books, music, movies, or magazines from shelves, we are limiting the amount of material people can borrow. In many schools, students are invited to write research papers. What is considered a valid topic for a high school research paper @ MONTH1 includes information that may not be suitable for all groups of people. A student @ MONTH1 is writing a research paper on the effects of a certain drug on an individual. It is not because the student chooses this subject that he supports it. Some adults @ MONTH1 say that drug information should not be on the shelves of a library because it @ MONTH1 includes material that they consider graphic, but one student views this material only as a resource for educational purposes. My first year, we read @ ORGANIZATION1 and @ PERSON1. We also watched the film to better understand the differences between our periods. There is death and violence in the film, with a brief flash of nudity. Many would even consider this great literary work to be an inappropriate film. The film helped us get a real picture of how things were back then. We were mature enough to look beyond the graphic scenes and see the movie for what it really was. If this move had been taken off the shelf, some people wouldn't have fully understood the story because they couldn't imagine it. Sometimes we just want to read a good book. Many teens gravitate towards the young adult section because it includes age-related material. Many books in this @ MONTH1 section include works that have a dark or graphic theme with topics inappropriate for young children. If we eliminate the books from this section because they are censored, we will end up with even fewer teens reading. Some books provide an escape for some teens, and @ MONTH1 even helps them face or deal with issues in their own lives. If libraries start censoring books, we @ MONTH1 will end up with fewer and fewer readers over the years. Instead of censoring books, we should be censoring the people who read them. If a parent doesn't want a younger child to read on a certain topic, they should keep them away from that material. Libraries may put age marks of approval on certain books to allow only certain age groups to read them. Authors of books should not be punished for what they choose to write when they take their books out of the library. Whatever purpose a person reads, they should be given a choice of what type of material the book contains.
There are thousands of books in libraries that are inappropriate and some that are. But libraries need to learn a lot of things such as reading for fun, reading the newsletter, or just looking for random information. Libraries are places we refer to when we need to find historical moments, or animals or whatever. We need all the books because they teach us about the past, they all have a purpose, and we are getting smarter. I believe that all books in a library have a purpose. They @ MONTH1 are offensive but they teach us a lot. For example, there are books that talk about @ CAPS1. For some people this @ MONTH1 is a touchy subject and some might take it offensively, but if we didn't have these books to learn, we would be making the same mistakes as back then. Books can teach us so much about the past, we can learn so much from books than anywhere else in the world. I also think that all the books have a purpose for them. whether it is fiction or non-fiction. You @ MONTH1 ask " how do fiction books have a purpose ?" " @ CAPS2, fiction books because they have a purpose we learn to really use our imagination, a lot of books make us understand that the struggles of a character may be the same as someone in real life. And the most important reason is that fiction books not only grab our attention, but they also grab the attention of our children. Fiction books are the first books children can read, this is where they start their reading skills. My last reason I don't think “ offensive ” books shouldn't be taken off the shelves is that all books make us smarter. We learn so much information from all kinds of books. Another example would be that @ CAPS3 books might be "offensive" as @ CAPS2, but if we didn't have them, we wouldn't have smart doctors. My last reason I don't agree with removing books if they're not suitable for everyone is that someone who wants to learn something couldn't do it because what they want to learn could be offensive to others. What I mean by that is we would pretty much tell this person that they are not able to learn something new because other people think it is offensive. Each human being has a different view of something that may or may not be offensive. But why should we remove books, magazines, movies, etc. shelves ? Just because we don't like it doesn't mean we have to remove it. Everyone has different tastes, we will never agree on anything. But taking books off the shelves isn't right for anyone. Yes, they @ MONTH1 are not suitable for others, but when we don't like something, don't we just move on to something we like? Yes we do, so we should do the same with the books
No, I don't think there are certain materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should be removed if they are found to be offensive. Here are the statements on why I believe this. First of all, I think if you read, listen to, or watch any of these things, don't read the part that offends you. If you think it is offensive to you then why are you reading it ? If you think it offends you just put it down and forget about it, you don't need to read it or watch it. I think if you read or watch it, it is your fault that you are offended by it. When has someone been writing about offensive stuff lately anyway? Like I said before if you read or watch or whatever it's your fault @ CAPS1 states that when either of you says you've been offended you just get rid of that thing and l 'tear out of our lives. stop it today I'm writing today to stop people who ruin other people's lives by getting rid of what other people love to do. If you think you should take our pleasure and pleasure out of doing these things, then do so, but remember what you hold back from those who like to read all of this. If you get rid of the books that entertain us, then there will be nothing on the shelves for any of us. I wrote things in this diary that should be left out. I also wrote if you take away our simple things that we love to read, just think about what you take away from those who read, listen or watch these things. Take in order of what I said, good evening.
@ CAPS1 Libraries Do Not Remove @ CAPS2 Books I would like to start this story by stating that I don't think libraries should remove books if they are offensive. If a book is offensive that's no reason to take it off the shelves, we're watching movies in school today showing the past when @ LOCATION1 had slaves. I myself don't believe it's fair to show a movie in school about slavery, but we can't have a book that doesn't show us anything that just tells us what's going on. In my eyes, a book is less trivial than a show on the subject. A movie can show a lot more detail than a book, so I'm saying books stay where they are. Don't try to shut down an author because you don't like what he wrote, it might make more sense in the book than you can see. Just read on, you never know how the story might go on. Just like don't judge a book by its cover. We @ CAPS1 are not removing a book that someone might like. Someone might hate the book, but because they hate it, would you stop reading it ? I don't think it's fair to delete something because someone might not like what they are saying. I myself see a lot of things that I love every day but I am not trying to change everything. This is life as I know it, there are a lot of offensive people in this world and that won't change anytime soon, neither for me nor for anyone. Unless they make a law against the offense. I can see someone in a band say something offensive about someone but we can't not sell their cd because someone might like what they say in that song. Or I don't like a lot of shows or movies on TV, but I don't try to shut down the station, I just change channels. Fittingly, let's say someone in a bookstore sees an offensive book, they should just look away. Don't try to stop it. All I can really say is I couldn't tell you what I would do because I don't read a lot of books so I don't see them as offensive. So I can't tell you that I wouldn't be angry, but I would put the book down anyway and not touch it again.
I'll speak, I think books, music, or even magazines should be taken out of libraries if they are found to be offensive. In my opinion, I don't think books, music, movies, or magazines should be taken off the shelves if they are deemed offensive by some people. Because not everyone has the same interests. First of all, I think things shouldn't be taken off the shelves in the library because people don't like the items because they take offense. But people who like the article say as an explicit @ CAPS1 that they would probably buy it. But also people who do not have the explicit @ CAPS2 would be offended and would like to remove it from the shelves. Another example can be a book. what if a person didn't like what they read and got offended. They would return the book and no longer want to sell it and tell a friend about it. But another person comes in and chooses the same book and liked what they read and that person would probably recommend it to a friend. The same goes for a magazine as well. What to do if someone is offended by an advertisement. One person loves it and turns it around, then another person comes along who takes offense and doesn't like it, that shouldn't stop selling for that particular person. In conclusion, I think things in the library shouldn't stop selling because someone takes offense. they shouldn't have looked at the article in the first place.
Books are books that we all read and summaries of them. To find out what we need to know in the past or the future or mainly what is happening in life today. So we shouldn't take books off the shelves like magizens. They might have information to tell people all over the world. This is why people make books and magizens so that people like us can read them when they are not busy in life or are just relaxing. People read bad things all the time in books or magizens, this is the reason for life because there are good and bad things to read in life. I mean, if you don't want your kids to read them, then don't make them read at all. Because the older they get, the more they'll know what's going on in life. There are things that are bad like you can't really stop them. When there is that age there, life so he's going to find out one way or another. Because there are schools that have a lot of reading to talk about good things that could be important for their future. Schools are the main reason kids know what they know now because you have all your history lessons . This talk about slavery and everything in between is bad. When kids say it outside of the classroom, they're in trouble. So if they are in trouble outside of the classroom why do you want to teach it or even say it. History lessons are very useful as they teach you all about the different wars. This has happened and that has invaded other countries or states. They help find places on a map. It shows all the states and countries in the world and even where we live in our country. So really, why would you take things off the shelves if other people were reading them. Mainly why would you do it since other people have worked really hard and spent time making books. Then get them published so you can take them off the shelf. What if they wanted to do this to you if maybe you wrote bad things in a little piece of writing. What's wrong anyway
As far back as people can remember, books have been banned for various reasons. Whether it is a time of war or a religious restriction, it is always seen as a negative thing and therefore should not be any different today. Although @ MONTH1 is a little less extreme, books or content such as movies, music, or magazines should not be removed from library shelves based on someone else's opinion. It is a right to be able to obtain the information offered by these media. No document should ever be removed from a public library on the basis of censorship. Some @ MONTH1 argue that some @ MONTH1 material is offensive to other groups of people, but who is it to judge how another is feeling. The material is written or made to show the feelings of the author and how he wants his feelings or knowledge to be represented. The author is simply taking advantage of their freedom of expression. It is the public's responsibility to know how they use the information they receive. It's still a piece of history and was recorded for a reason. Religion is always a hot spot when it comes to censorship, but isn't it in our constitution. Freedom of religion includes the way we interpret and study our religions. Most have holy books and writings. Many express their religion through music and culture. The public has the right to access this material. There are rare situations where the @ MONTH1 restrictions must be observed but simply based on age. This does not restrict the public, however, but gives parents the right to censor information their children may obtain. An age limit for certain types of material could be added in cases of sexual content, vulgar images or disruptive content inappropriate for children. This way, the information is never completely censored. It is never fair to tell people what they may and may not know. It is a part of the very structure of our country to allow all information to be shared freely. Censorship of these documents is not and never will be the solution. Although the @ MONTH1 age restrictions are an answer for young citizens, these documents are not withheld from the public. Whatever the name of @ MONTH1, book ban or censorship, it is a negative thing and should not be part of our public library systems.
Should we censor libraries? People think there should be and some think it shouldn't matter. I think there shouldn't be any because maybe some people like these books. I have three reasons why there shouldn't be censorship. My reasons are, first of all, that people like certain books and should be able to get what they want. Second, libraries should be able to put whatever they want on the shelves. Third, if you don't like what the books say, don't buy the book. Libraries have many books that you can choose from and you can choose which book you want to view. Libraries don't need to censor their books because some people might want books like that. Everyone has their own preference on what types of books and music they like. Censorship would not allow them to get what they want, which would drive them mad. There are all kinds of genres of books and music, some have a stronger language than others. Some people like their music uncensored and should be able to get it. Libraries and entertainment stores are the ones who buy the books and music, not you. Libraries have the freedom to get whatever books they want and put them on shelves. If you don't like what some books or music say, go get something you like. There is no rule that says you have to get a certain type of music. Some people like the genre of music called rap which has strong language in it, but it's your choice to listen to it. stores just put the products on the shelves to make money and not get mad at what the products say. There are sections on the shelves that indicate what genre it is. People who want to say something about the language of the book shouldn't have checked it. You have the right to ask what certain music, books, or movies sound like, and the movies have notes on the case. Music and movies have notes that tell you how loud the language is on the cases. People can't tell to watch this when it tells you everything in the movie or @ CAPS1. Libraries and stores usually mark sections on their genre. It can tell you where the uncensored parts are. You can stay away from these sections if you find them offensive. Libraries shouldn't have to censor their books, and entertainment stores shouldn't have to censor all music and movies. It's your choice what to get not theirs. People can stay away from areas they find offensive. Everyone should be able to get what they want even though it might offend others.
Have you ever watched a movie with scenes that you didn't want your kids to watch with you? What should you do when this problem occurs every now and then ? Do you just tell your children to close their eyes and cover their ears ? Well I honestly think that should never happen to you. I think that as a parent or an adult you should be aware of certain behaviors during a movie. That you don't approve of your kid watching even if he's with you is downright wrong, I would say. So I'm saying that we should be getting some kind of additional warning that these inappropriate behaviors are showing up in the movies. Parents should be able to know what to watch is ok for their age and what is not. So to end it all in a pleasant and gentle way. Just make some sort of label that says there could be stuff in movies or any item like books and magazines too. That there might be things that a parent will find inappropriate for a child to watch or read. If the people who make these products do it, it will be much easier for parents to do what is right for their children.
I think a library should only be books because that's what they're made for. If we started putting films in libraries, why put books in libraries? I think it should be one or the other. If movies were in libraries I think people would get more movies than books, and just think what it would be like if you put music in a library as well. I think a magazine is a book. Movies should stay in a movie store or at the cinema. not in libraries. Music should stay on the radio or in stores and not in libraries. People would lose interest in books if people started putting movies and music in libraries. I think they are trying to put technology in libraries and I am not for that. If music and movies were in libraries, they wouldn't need books anymore and people would stop buying books. We need books, it's the oldest but the most original way of expressing yourself or telling a story. but now they want movies or music.
The censorship The subject I am about today is censorship. Do you think censorship is a good thing or a bad thing? I am going to list a few reasons why I think censorship is bad and also why it is good. The first thing I'm going to tell you about is how bad it is. The downside of censorship is that it can offend people very easily. Most people can handle a lot of abuse, but on the other hand, a lot of people can't. In my opinion, I think it's good to have things that offend people because that's how a lot of people find humor. Such as political cartoon. They laugh at @ CAPS1 and a lot of other people in the post, but you don't see them complaining. In my opinion, if you don't like it, then don't read it. That's all you have to do and it will never bother you again. But on the other hand, I can see how some people can take offense. Because some things are very mean in books and movies. I think there should be some type of line that separates the fare and what is good enough. most people can live with it, but some cannot. Like @ CAPS2, there are a lot of @ CAPS2 in @ LOCATION1, and especially during this period. wherever you go there is always some kind of @ CAPS2. In conclusion, I think people need to come together and create a line that can be drawn before they go too far. and some things now need to be taken off the shelves, but not all
Books, films, magazines, music and above all life. We all know what is wrong and what is right. Every school is different. Some schools have limits on their books, like if you are two years old and read something like @ PERSON1 then that will be inappropriate. If you are sixteen and reading a book @ PERSON2 then that is too inappropriate for their age limit. Every age is different, so you won't find a forty-three year old bum on the street reading '@ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS1' by @ PERSON2. Most likely, he'll be reading a mystery book, or something appropriate for his age, not for someone five years old. Books shouldn't be banned because an elementary school mom doesn't want her seven-year-old to read '@ CAPS4'. Just because some mothers want it banned doesn't mean that it is. Be smarter and watch what your kids read, it shouldn't be off limits to other kids just because you don't want your kid to read it. Don't we all agree that music is life? Not everyone has to listen to rap or listen to opera. Can't you see that we have musical artists in the world who depend on music? So why should rap be banned just for talking about murder, drugs, and alcohol. I say who cares? Don't listen to it if you don't like it, that doesn't mean you have to spoil it for everyone. I love all kinds of music, so nothing should be forbidden. In my opinion, I hate Christian songs, I think they are too slow and constantly talk about @ CAPS5, but that doesn't mean I should spoil it for everyone just because I hate it. Everyone is different, no one is the same. Music helps me get through life, and I know it helps you get through yours too, it shouldn't be off limits. Movies, movies, movies! Video games, video games, video games! We all love to cuddle and watch movies together, but not all movies are right for us. Movies have ratings like video games. The evaluations show what is appropriate for a twelve year old versus a twenty-five year old. Adults would most likely play a game rated @ CAPS6 and watch movies rated @ CAPS7. Small children around six years old would play games rated @ CAPS8 and watch movies rated @ CAPS9. As you can see, everyone is different, especially when it comes to these things. Movies rated @ CAPS7 generally have gore, sexual themes, strong language, and things little children should never watch. This does not mean that it should be banned, maybe blocked at your place, but not banned. In my opinion, I believe that all movies, books, music, video games, etc., should not be banned. Everything has to be carefully watched to see which hands it lands in and which eyes see it. We should be responsible enough to choose the material ourselves. No one should tell me what not to read or watch: unless I'm a youngster. Then the material should be supervised by my parents.
Censorship in libraries? It could be a good thing and a bad thing. Does it really matter for kids to see bad things in books? Will authors remove their books from libraries? Censorship in libraries is not as necessary as most people think. Children these days know a lot and are smart about certain things. I understand that parents don't want their kids to read books that contain drugs, @ CAPS1, sex, etc. However, they will need to learn more at some point in their lives. They might as well start now. Most of the time, young children aren't even interested in these kinds of books anyway. If you censor all the books in the libraries, some students would have problems with projects that @ MONTH1 needs these kinds of books for. Let's say I needed a book on '@ CAPS1' for a project I'm doing in the @ CAPS2 class. If the books were censored, I would have no source from which to get information. On the other hand, I can see why adults would want books to be censored. No parent wants their child to come home from school to talk about sex and drugs that they saw in a school book. If I were a parent, I would be concerned myself. If this is a big deal for some adults, what will they do when their children see the same thing but worse on TV Condom ads and ads telling them to use drugs / @ CAPS1. At least with the books, the book teaches you about drugs and how dangerous they are for you. If an author takes their book off the shelf because they don't want the kids to read it, then that gives all authors the same. Which could mean we wouldn't have any more books on the shelves for anyone. Books are the key to learning! We need to keep ALL books in libraries, no matter how self-explanatory they are. Parents should sit down and discuss with their children not to take these kinds of books if they do not want their child to read them. Yeah, I've seen people take these books and start making jokes about them, but that's what kids do when they're immature. You must expect that from children now someday. No matter how bad their information books are and we need them to learn
NO, I don't think books, music, magazines, etc. should be removed from shelves if they are found to be offensive. Books help people in many ways. Music helps people find their activity in several ways. Magizines also help people do things that need to be done. The reason I said books help people is because they deepen knowledge to better understand things. It also helps a stronger vocabulary than it once was. Last but not least, it helps people focus more and by saying this I mean it makes you understand how to focus on the main idea and the whole concept of the book. When people are reading and they don't understand what they are reading, they look deeper into trying to figure out the words they misunderstood, which is good because you will learn a lot more than you think. Music is also a great thing to use as it calms people down when they have had a long, stressful day at work, school, the doctor, etc. Music also helps you examine your creativity, which means you want to do more of things like dancing, singing, or even starting to paint. When I'm tired and have had a long day, I like to come home and lie down and listen to music and that's because I feel relaxed and calmer. Last but not the least, the magizines. Magizines gives you a lot of information that @ MONTH1 is looking for. Just say that you were looking for a recipe and you don't have a computer and you have magizines, you can look and a magizine and see when that recipe worked and who it was written by. Also, if you want to order items such as shoes, clothes, perfumes, lotions, and even household items if needed. When I look in a magazine, I like to order shoes or even just compare the prices of a store bought item or the price of the magazine. There are a lot of different things you can expect when looking in a magazine. So take my advice and give it a try because sometimes what you are looking for may be in your library. With all this, books, music, and magazines can be of great benefit to you and to any other body. Books are very helpful when it comes to essays etc. Music is very useful when you have had a long day at your workplace, etc. Magizines are very explicit about food, clothing, shoes, subjects, trials, cars, houses or etc. When you have a question or concern or maybe even a doubt, you can go to your nearest personal library and borrow or read a book, magazine or listen to some music. All of these things can be useful and all you need to do is take them in and take advantage of the free information given to you. All of these things can help you in some way
There are people who speak to all kinds of people. So what will make it different if someone writes a book that someone else doesn't like, it shouldn't matter if someone doesn't agree with? someone else, because someone else might like their book. There are books, music, movies, magazines, etc. that someone won't like, it's just part of life if you ask me. So I think having books that some people don't like is a good thing to have in the world. It tells you if people go out to see what's going on in the world if people really care what other people write or say to others. There is just one thing people should allow to keep in mind when writing a movie or even in your new local newspaper, the articles that some people put in movies and newspapers sometimes go a little too far. that people say. I think there should be a line about what you can and can't write in a book and I think that should be thought of by writing your best judgment. Why do some people complain about everything that is supposed to be said to them is because they know what he or she is saying is very true and they don't want other people to know if it is. 'is bad or if something tragic happened to them, whether in their family something bad happened to them but I think if someone spoke to this person they wouldn't get so mad at someone for having tells the truth to the public. Well you have heard my side of the store on what I think about people getting mad at other people for what they say and I believe what you are saying is very true that we have a freddom in this country.
Censorship seems like a great idea at first glance ! It allows parents to have their children closely supervised without actually supervising them. Therefore, censorship in libraries creates the possibility that every book ever written will be pulled from shelves around the world. There are several things that are wrong with the idea of censorship. This creates objections due to the differences of opinion and the authors completely and totally offended. Censorship is a disgrace and should not be enforced in libraries. People have different criteria when it comes to deciding on an offense level. For the most part, if a 50 year old @ CAPS1 woman read a violent book with profanity and sexual content, she might think it was offensive. Likewise, if a carefree man of twenty-one read the exact same book, he would probably appreciate its contents. This difference of opinion poses a huge problem in allowing libraries to censor their selection. I think it would be unfair to remove books that certain audiences would appreciate. Instead of completely banning certain texts, why not move them to another section of the library? Libraries might take some time to separate books into categories, and books they find offensive might be placed in a separate section of the library. This section could be as simple as a separate shelf, or could go to the end of a separate room or area closed with a curtain. Either way, getting rid of books altogether because of their content is a terrible idea. Authors could potentially lose money as a result of the censorship action. They put in many hours and a lot of effort writing books and novels. Some spend years trying to perfect their masterpieces. Magazines and movies offer the same time, but they also bring in an unimaginable amount of money. If these writers, directors and producers see their specific product taken off the shelves, it would offend them. They might have a decrease in sales which would also lead to a decrease in money. The idea is simply unfair. Librarians have the right to post whatever content they choose, but having them remove products they think are correct is ridiculous. I think censorship is a terrible idea. If anything were to be banned from a library, it should be the censorship itself!
Have you ever seen a crazy person going around saying some weird or unique theories? Everyone is different and has their own opinion of what they think is right. It's good to have different beliefs, but that shouldn't mean that people shouldn't seek to understand others. I think library censorship is very important, but people need to try to understand each other better, not be so stubborn and have different perspectives so that people can get along more easily. There are many different documents in libraries and some of them are more censored than others. Often the reason books or magazines are censored is because they present strong ideas and theories. People have the right to speak, so they should be able to show others what they believe, but they have to make sure that showing what they know doesn't hurt anyone else. Explicit movies and music are very bad at trying to understand. They are good because of the scoring systems but are still very ignorant of others. A lot of people just take other people's ideas the wrong way. People find it difficult to see things from different angles and because of this they can cause problems. If people sought to understand better, then conflicts of different beliefs would not be as common. When people have different points of view, they can be better informed about different opinions. Some people are just stubborn. They choose to believe only their ideas and refuse to listen to those of others. Being stubborn is the opposite of trying to understand. If people were less stubborn, they could see more perspectives and become more aware of how other people were feeling. When people are stubborn, it can be very difficult for others to get along or get along well with others. In conclusion, I think censorship is important, but I think the reasons why we censor things are just as important. If people understood other people better, then we might have more censorship for the things that annoy others. We would also have less censorship for people who are just trying to spread their ideas. If people were trying to understand, looking for different perspectives and not being that stubborn then they would get along much better.
I understand how some people @ MONTH1 are offended by certain things that they @ MONTH1 are watching or might read, but that doesn't mean that other people shouldn't be able to find out because a person isn't don't like it. It's kind of a matter of opinion as to whether it's offensive or not. I myself never really read or watched anything that was completely out of place. On just about every movie or music album produced, they rate it so you can know who should watch that movie and who shouldn't. If the movie was made with offensive parts then they noted that yes, it's bad language and things like that. So just because someone hasn't read close enough to see that there might be something they don't like about the movie shouldn't stop everyone from seeing this particular movie. . Personally, I don't find books to be the best things, but I'm sure some books or magazines tend to have something rude or rude, but that's not always horrible. If someone thinks the @ MONTH1 book is inappropriate for some readers, then they can tell a library manager that maybe they should only let some people read this book because of its content. You shouldn't have to throw a book off the shelf just because one or two people think it wrong. Whether or not I was the one who chose to remove films, books, magazines, etc. shelves, I wouldn't. I say this because @ PERCENT1 of the time things were rated or somehow approved to put on general store shelves. People can just read the details on the back and see that it won't bother them in any way or that it might be offensive and they shouldn't buy. If someone complained about a new cd or movie that I personally wanted to see or listen to and it was taken off the shelves, I would be upset because it wouldn't even offend me at all. So no, I totally disagree with the idea that movies or books and music stop sales because two or three people have been offended by its content.
I think some documents like books, music, movies, etc. should not be deleted if they are found to be offensive. The library has different sections for different groups like youth section @ CAPS1 or @ CAPS2, easy kids or picture and @ CAPS1. Young @ CAPS1 or the @ CAPS2 section is mainly aimed at teenagers. They have books that a teenager who reads normally. The @ CAPS2 section offers music that teens listen to. For @ CAPS4, they have the twilight soundtrack. This section has no explicit language. Teenagers who frequent the library genuinely appreciate the selection of books available to them. It contains everything most teens love to read. There is nothing offensive about this section and it should not be deleted. There is also a children's section called the easy section or picture book. This section is reserved for the youngest. Children who are not in school or at the start of schooling. The books, music and movies in this section are cartoons and animals. Things children would love to read, listen to or watch. For @ CAPS4, this section has movies like Strawberry Charlotte, Athur, even Lilo and Stitch. Everything in this section is made for children, there is not a single thing in this section that the child or parent thinks is offensive. The library has a section for adults. The @ CAPS1 section is there to grab the attention of adults. This is a separate section from the @ CAPS2 and Children sections. It is located at the other end of the library. If there is a @ CAPS1 who thinks something is offensive, they have the right to speak to someone who works at the library. Most adults don't have a problem with the articles in their section. The library keeps the adults section with things adults would like to research. He wouldn't have something that little children would want. The entire library is divided into different sections. It is easy for children to look at books for themselves and for adults to do the same. There are only a few that I have named, but each age group has a specific place in the library. If there is something that is offensive to people, I don't think it should be deleted as it may be in the wrong section. The library takes great precautions for the censorship of their books, film scores, etc.
When people think of libraries, they imagine this cold place with a crazy old lady telling you to shut up. Or they just imagine these books everywhere. But today's libraries have been improved a lot more and progressed with music, movies, etc. When I was young, I never really liked libraries because they seem boring to me. That's why I wasn't good at reading until I was in sixth grade either. because I found out that the library was actually a cool place. They have different things to do like find books, music, or movies that you can check out in libraries. Or sometimes you can also browse magazines. Then in the libraries there are people who don't like it because of the music, movies, etc. every day libraries offend new things in the library. When it all comes down, this topic reminds me of To @ CAPS1 a @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 because it was an offense book that was about whites treating niggers at the time. The reason is that the old traditions of the library are like the whites in history and the new things in the library are like the negroes who were banished by the whites. Then in the book it took a little girl to sort out the difference and find out what is right and wrong. That's why I think that instead of banning or removing things, we should discuss. We can agree to keep the new ideas in the libraries. When to save ideas, maybe we can create a section for new ideas so that people come to the library. don't offend yourself
Everywhere we go, we are hiding something from them. It is either to keep them safe, pure, or happy. In the everyday world, people who break the law are jailed and jailed. Not only is it a punishment for them, but it is also to keep them away from others. It is a lot like what becomes of our libraries. Books with questionable content are thrown away. I don't believe it should be done. Books are there to enlighten people and enable them to experience something they could never have done on their own. People should be able to choose what they @ CAPS5 and if that offends them they can choose for themselves to stop reading this book. Many times I have learned new things from books that @ MONTH1 were not appropriate for my age, but it taught me a valuable lesson. For example I have @ CAPS5 a book about a teenage girl having sex she got pregnant and it ruined her life. From there, at the age of ten, I learned that I didn't want this to happen to me, so I refrain from adult relationships until I got married. Of course, libraries should be separated into different categories such as : @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3, @ CAPS4 and @ CAPS5 at home @ CAPS6. Also, the same with magazines and music. That way, a person could go to a specific section and know what to expect from there. It's kind of like movie ratings, a mom can take a movie and see it's rated @ CAPS7 and know it's outstanding for her nine year old to watch except maybe for a few swear words, but a child hears this in their everyday life anyway, whether the parent knows it or not. In conclusion, I believe that literature should not be censored from the people. However, it should be categorized so that a person can get an idea of what age group it would be most suitable for. People have the right to choose which books they @ CAPS5 on and what they @ CAPS5 on. Anyone can learn a valuable lesson from any book, it just depends on how they interpret it.
I believe there are some materials that should not be taken off the shelves if they are found to be offensive. The main reason I say this is that there are not only good things in this world, but there are also a lot of negatives. It is very important for children to learn and understand things that are going on in the world they live in without worry, whether they are good or bad. Everyone's going to have to learn what's going on around them sooner or later, so it's best to find out in childhood rather than later in life when you might not have someone to. explain all of this to you. I understand that there are age limits that should be imposed due to their avian nature. Although at some point, before a child becomes an adult, he or she should know most of the basics of life, whether positive or negative. Children shouldn't be safe at a young age just for young adults because they need to know what else is in the world. For example, you have to teach children that there are really bad people in the world. If they don't understand that something bad could happen to them because they didn't know the dangers around them because they never learned it. When I was younger, it was necessary to know other people outside of your race or religion because it is not just your race or religion in this world. We also learned the difference between good and bad choices. If we children did not learn this from an early age, many of them today would find themselves in very difficult situations. On the other hand, children also need to learn to some extent. For example, let's say you buy a video game for your kid, but make sure you let them know that killing and shooting isn't something they should be doing in the real world. Make sure you teach them the difference between right and wrong. This is one of the main reasons kids today don't have control over themselves because of the things they learn through video games. Now one day on @ CAPS1 there are some people who are pressured by the media to act out of their charater just to get clearance. They advertise sexual and inappropriate things for kids to learn at a young age, but they have to be aware that it's out there and it's bad. In magazines, they will distort the bodies of famous people to make them look like something they are not to make people feel like they are not good enough. Children need to be taught that not everything they see, hear and read is always right or true. With today's media and materials, it's easy to know the difference between right and wrong, but they do it like one person is doing it, everyone is doing it. In most cases, it is only when that person understands all the facts about it and can make rashanal decisions on their own and at their own pace. Children these days will be pressed by the media, magazines and sometimes by their peers. They are being told by the media to do something that is not necessarily right, but that is popular. You shouldn't teach your kids things like this, it will make them want to do things without thinking or considering what is really going on. With magazines today, writers will make people look like they are not just to make them look good. It is not fair to the readers, the person exposed or the author himself. Finally, with today's peer pressure, kids will see something on TV and try it out, then try to get their friends to do it even if they know it's not the right thing. to do. I believe that children, when faced with such troubles, should distinguish right from wrong with the problems they face. If they don't know anything about it, they have to walk away or learn to say no regardless of how difficult it may be. In conclusion, I believe that children today who are exposed to all kinds of offensive things should know the meaning. They should also know the right ways to deal with it when put in certain situations. Finally, I believe that children should know what is going on around them so that they know how to fend for themselves and that they do not rely on someone else to tell them what is going on in the world. that surrounds them.
At @ DATE1 there are a lot of rap / hip-hop artists. They all sing about gangs, narcotics, alcohol, and the use of women for favors. @ DATE1 is something our children shouldn't be exposed to at such a young age. There are children who know the lyrics to a lot of rap songs. The parenting skills of some parents also determine whether children learn the words or not. I understand that there are certain things that children need to be exposed to in life. There are other genres of music that deal with all of the things I have listed above. I don't think it's fair for young children to learn these things. How would you feel if your child asked you what drugs are? Or what is alcohol? I also understand that we should let our kids get a little taste of the real world to see what it looks like for themselves, but it can only go to a certain extent. After this measure, children would learn too much at such a young age. In my opinion, we could let our kids listen to a modified version of the songs or even choose a different genre that doesn't use those themes as much. Country music, for example, is very peaceful for me. I suggest people listen to him because he's very realistic in a way. I also understand that rap music can also be realistic. Everyone has a different take on the kind of music that children should be allowed to listen to. I listen to rap music sometimes but I would never allow my kids to listen to the uncensored version. Magazines also have a lot to do with why kids are so smart these days. Magazines can spread false information so that people will believe it. Magazine companies put revealing photos of people on the cover to get someone's attention. It works most of the time and kids see it too. They are young and old so they will do what they see someone else do. This includes looking at magazines with handsome men or women on them. Another topic concerns the films that are released in the world @ DATE1. Movies can reveal whatever they want. Normally inappropriate movies for kids rated @ ORGANIZATION1 will find a way to see @ DATE1 stuff. A child can be on the Internet and something accidentally pops up. All the ads on the side of the computer screen are viruses that are just waiting for children to inadvertently click on them. These are my strong opinions on what we should do with today's society. We have to try to watch what our children listen to and watch. I know we can't watch their every move, but we can do our best to watch what they do when they're under close surveillance. Thank you for your time!
My views on censorship, I don't believe in any type of censorship. Books, music and movies should not be censored. As far as children are concerned, it should be the responsibility of parents to choose what they think children should and should not read, watch or listen to. Taking books, movies and music is not just for those who want to read, watch or listen to them or for writers, directors or music. People should have the freedom to write whatever they want, the reader doesn't have to agree or like the things the author says, but it is their freedom to say it.
Katherine Paterson once said, “ We can all think of a book that we hope none of our children took off the shelves. But if I have the right to take this book off the shelf - this job that I hate - then you have the exact same right and everyone else too. And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us ”. While I understand his message, I don't quite agree with him. I believe most things like books, music, magazines, etc. should be censored in some cases. One of the reasons I think there should be censorship is because of the minors that @ MOIS1 wants to see things @ MOIS1 is not for them. First of all, children often follow what they see. For example, the loyal trends they see on television. Not all things adults do are suitable for young eyes. This is why I believe that the things that are broadcast should be censored. Children are influenced by the things they see, read and / or listen to. Another reason I think there should be censorship is because of the many very explicit actions that appear in movies, books, magazines, and music today. Violence is a main topic in newspaper articles. For example, most of the content on the front page is about wars and hostility around the world. It's hard to believe we've ever had a peaceful day without any violence. Disrespectful acts, swearing and rude gestures are not a positive way to keep a more mature role that will create a better environment. Because libraries are public, they are open to all eyes, so we have to be careful what we allow on their shelves. Plus, censorship is the right thing to do. Where would it take us if we don't? Do we want our society to be heavily influenced by a bunch of profanity, violent slogans or jargon? Shouldn't we all want to be treated with respect and courtesy and avoid promoting outrageous movies, music and books on the shelves of our public libraries for everyone to see. So now you can see why I think things like books, music, movies, magazines, etc. should be subject to some kind of censorship. We don't want all of the disrespect of the country, so why make it available in our public libraries? Keep these things separate : adult books, magazines, movies, music, etc.
Censorship. If someone doesn't like what a book, magazine, movie, etc. shows, they should put it back and not care. But these are people who make a big deal out of this stuff. I personally think that most of the people who do this are immature. Censorship in libraries would take away some historical reading from people, because of the naked statues and the way they speak. A lot of the old plays were very sexual and a lot of people find them offensive today. Sometimes there is no way around unsuitable materials. Then there are a lot of people who find these subjects very interesting and like to study them. So, by removing these books from the shelves, these people would have no way to search for these documents, and as a result, they would get angry and complain. The music that comes out today contains a lot of inappropriate words and sayings that would be offensive to most people. But teens and young adults love this kind of music and love to listen to it. Most of the time, they don't listen to the words, but just the rhythm of the song. Almost all the old people hate this music and never want to hear it and think it should be banned. What they don't realize is that if it was taken out of the library, people would be more upset and angry than happy. Magazines and movies today have a lot of inappropriate ads and images in them, but now this is what most people love and want to see. You can't really remove anything from a library because a lot of people would be upset anyway. Removing all material from the library would most likely decrease the number of visitors who come to the library, because what interests them would no longer belong to them and they would no longer have any reason to go. This is most likely what would happen if books, magazines, movie scores, etc. were found to be offensive and were taken off the shelves.
From what I've seen in my life about censorship is that they shouldn't take things off the shelves just because of what they contain. I think libraries should keep the thing on the shelves but separate from the rest if they are found to be offensive. It's bad enough that everyone is offended by the smallest thing, making it hard for everyone to enjoy it. I think we shouldn't even censor the content because I feel like it makes people want to know why they censored it in the first place. My personal opinion is that censorship is useless because it ruins it for everyone because one person has taken offense. I love the sticks and stones saying @ MOIS1 breaks my bones but words will never hurt because it says if you are offended then overcome it. Why should your opinion speak for everyone. Another reason I think we shouldn't censor things is if someone really wants to know they can always find a way to get it, so the censorship is kinda pointless. I also feel like censorship makes people soft because everything is censored and when people enter the real world they are hit hard. My conclusion is that they should separate what is offensive and put it in another section of the library. They could also develop a rating system like they do in video games so you know what kind of content it has. Simple things like this can make everyone happy because the person who is offended doesn't have to look at the things they hate.
I don't think libraries or anyone should censor books, movies, music, magazines, etc. People who have put in the time to write down all their thoughts and ideas shouldn't just be thrown on a shelf. The people who wrote this stuff have the freedom to search and the right to write or say this stuff. Yes, I've read books that I found offensive or that I don't like, but I don't think they shouldn't be in libraries. They're there because other people @ MOIS1 like this stuff, no reason why we should exclude what they like to read from the libraries everyone shares and frequents. There would be nothing left in the libraries because almost anything anyone might find offensive. For example, people like @ ORGANIZATION1. People say his lyrics and music say a lot of bad things, but most of his music is about him and his life. He has the freedom to speak to write and post this for the world to see and hear. His music is just i @ CAPS1 of his life. In the @ CAPS2 story because he killed people. Should take it off the shelf because Jews @ MOIS1 think it was offensive, yes it might be, but it lets people know about our story and what happened. If we keep this still that knows history, I will repeat myself. it is a saying that I have heard many times. So censorship or not, I just think they had the freedom to speak to write this stuff and be put in a library for people to see, learn, educate, and be entertained. This does not mean that if it offended you, it is offensive to others.
Do you think books, music, movies, magazines, and other media in libraries should be censored ? Why should information and knowledge be held by people ? Learning is exceptional not only for the person reading, but also for the human race. There are two arguments for censorship in libraries. I believe that censorship in libraries should not be allowed. In @ ORGANIZATION1, everyone has the right to freedom of expression. Taking someone's job and blocking it because it is "unorthodox" or "offensive" takes away its rights. Besides, people go to libraries to find something. They seek knowledge and depriving a person of their ability to learn can be detrimental to everyone. When one article is censored, another article is then censored and soon most of the material will be “ offensive ” and “ unorthodox ”. We will take away the ability to learn from man. There are many reasons for censorship for minor offenses such as : inappropriate language in songs, books, movies and magazines. Also, obscene graphic material in movies and magazines. These are small issues that can be blocked and censors can make a clean version. All minor and easy to make adjustments. It is not necessary to remove the supports from the shelves. The material is not serious enough. Minor adjustments can be made so that people can be allowed to read, listen or watch. A library is made for what people want to learn. Removing this is very serious.
For me, it's not okay to take out music or a book because it's not cool to do because people read or sing what they feel most of the time. This is what people tear or sing what they feel what they feel in their body, that's what I think they do should not withdraw their music or their books and films. You are going to delete the tallens people i do one thing that is ok to do that to these people they work haren to do wan they just like to be the thing they say or dowen you are going to delete there tallen no. People who like it rather than doing less or just seeing something more than that. You know it's bad to remove music and books because you're removing carenos from the wall, not just @ NUM1 thing you'll be removing more than you think. You just make gtham lusen refer to what they like or love to sing or dowe there wan books that they think is more than a book or a song for them. I say no because that's what they like to do if you like it to just go hare just shanjet instead of giving them a big bang to make their life more enjoyable by harassing the people who take them. of wan they sing or tear
Turn @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 I see a book that I don't particularly like, I just put it down. I really don't see the need for @ CAPS1 with all the books that @ MONTH1 are offensive to one person or a group of people. Every time I look in the library, I come across a few slightly inappropriate books. However, @ CAPS2 I see these books, I don't make a big deal out of them. I just put this book down and continue my research. I couldn't imagine how scary the selection of books would be if we had to rid libraries of all the books that people might find offensive. Additionally, many people find The @ CAPS3 offensive. If we removed all @ CAPS4 text from libraries, we would have a hard time getting the word @ CAPS5 out to people who don't have access to such literature. While I do not entirely agree with the ideas of many theorists, I am not asking that their work be banned from public libraries. I don't like @ PERSON1's book on eveolution; but because of our freedom of expression, he has every right to write about his findings and his beliefs. As you can see so clearly, I in no way claim to be open-minded to the thoughts or beliefs of others. However @ CAPS2 is all about literature and art, I think a variety makes us unique. If everyone read the same books, listened to the same music, and watched the same movies, then we could have a very boring culture. This is certainly not the basis on which this great country was founded!
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 are many books, music and magazines saturated with offensive words or obscene themes. However, just because a book or song contains a bad word doesn't mean the book should be out of the public eye. @ CAPS2 are many reasons why we shouldn't censor public media. We cannot ignore the wrongdoing that is happening in our world ; moreover, in @ LOCATION1, we have freedom of expression ; and, finally, if the media were censored, people @ MONTH1 would start to think that every little word has an offensive connotation. If a bystander observes an abused person in a hallway or alley, the bystander simply cannot claim that the incident never happened. If the world never reported accidents @ CAPS2 would be too much crime and terror. Sometimes a book or a movie is like a cry for help or a way to educate people about some wrongdoing in the world today. Most of the time, I only hear about an event through movies or books, and I want to know the honest story, not some fairytale version. After all, if the language of some books on slavery was not as lively as it is, some people @ MONTH1 do not oppose slavery as strongly as they do. Here at @ LOCATION1, we have freedom of speech. We are allowed to give our opinion on any topic and describe it in any way. We should be allowed to say whatever we want, even though in our hearts we should know what is right and wrong. People should at least be confident enough to use their own consciousness. Also, another reason why books and other media shouldn't be censored is that people @ MONTH1 then find almost every little word offensive. Then we @ MONTH1 have "no more books on the shelf" according to Katherine Paterson. Once people are allowed to censor books or other media, they look for words with negative connotations. If a word was about to be offensive from a person's point of view, it would be omitted. So many words would have disappeared. Of course, certain types of media, especially songs and movies, only spread nasty themes and foul language. However, I have the choice of watching a movie or listening to a song. I can always change the radio station if I don't like what I'm hearing. However, people just can't get another's words out of their mouths no matter how bad it is. We just can't pretend that we all live in a perfect world where everyone is polite and caring. If we hear of something wrong with our world today, we need to take action. However, we might not take action if we don't know the full extent of his terror. Sincerely, @ PERSON2
Everyone enjoys watching movies, listening to music, and getting lost in an interesting book. Therefore, everyone should be able to read, watch, or listen to whatever they want and the same things that other people read, listen to, and watch. Certain things are needed to research or watch if one is doing a project. Other people come from @ MONTH1 to be entertained by certain pieces of literature or music. So why censor some things that people care about, or even things to research, in libraries? Lots of people like violent writing or gory movies. They are also entertained by reading these things. So why take away what they like? If a library removes certain books from its shelves, then it might be removing a type of literature that people are interested in. If you take out a book that twenty people enjoy reading, then that's twenty people who won't want to read anything else. People are different in many ways. This includes the variety of things that humans are interested in. For example, things that interest them to read. Humans have very different characteristics, which means they don't like the same things. @ MONTH1 articles, magazines or movies are not suitable for schools or libraries, but if this is a topic people love or if someone needs a project, there is no reason to get rid of it. Some books sometimes offend certain groups or races of people, but the book derives its uniqueness from what it says. Some books are written in times of racism. That shouldn't make a book worthy of criticism because that was the way it was said at the time. This allows the book to give the feeling of living in time. On the other hand, some magazines are written about horrific events and wars, but people find entertainment to read about these events happening in the world. They want to know what is really going on across the seas or even around their homes. Someone isn't able to know what's going on if no one lets them read the magazine. Authors and writers write these things for the entertainment of the people who want to read them. Due to the great interest in people, there are many types of writing. People shouldn't have their favorite book pulled off the shelves just to see that the guy next to them has found the book they love. It just wouldn't be a tariff. Libraries should put what people write on the shelf for others @ MONTH1 to enjoy.
When you go to a library, you think it will be a place that will have a good influence. You don't think when you send your kids that there are going to be bad things. Most people go to the library to study or use the computers ... But what about other people? I went to the library and saw the racy books that most adults would find offensive, especially if it's an African American. The point is, people would also go there and check the books to study the good old days, that's not there to offend people. Some books are very informative and people need to study and learn about the past so that it doesn't happen again. Another problem that most people have is with adult books that parents absolutely don't want their kids to look at or check books. But when no one is stopping them from checking the books, there's really nothing you can do about it. I think libraries should have an age limit for viewing certain books. The last thing is the music in which there is foul language and the child can just check them out without even making an effort. Most parents need to protect their children so that they are good and not using bad language, but when they go into a community and just listen to whatever is causing a problem. Personally, I think it gives the library a bad reputation and therefore doesn't pay off much. You know that if you were a parent you really wouldn't want your kids to grab the racing books, adult books and music and you would want the government to take certain books and music out of the library. I think theirs should be a vote to see if we could get the thought books and music removed or at least put in an adult section in the back. My main point of this essay is that they have to either vote for what goes into the library or start censoring the books and @ CAPS1 that they put in the library and make them available to the community. The advantage of doing this is that the library would get more clients and it would mean that the government would make more money.
The book @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 ? @ CAPS2 has a lot of books on @ CAPS2 that I would love to take off the shelves, but the only book I would take off the shelves would be "TO @ CAPS3 A @ CAPS4". While I was reading this book there was a lot of offensive language and a lot of graphics not only in the book but in the movie. On top of all that, the movie and the book weren't good at all. The only good thing about the movie is that @ CAPS2 was a bit dramatic and that's it. Another thing that caught my attention was when the author repeated the same offensive language over and over again. It's like people like to keep saying the same thing using repetitions. But some how it got an award and is one of the must-sees for high school students. I think the whole story was good, aside from the fact that @ CAPS2 was offensive. Books like this shouldn't be put on shelves and if it is necessary to remove offensive language, but obviously people liked the book or it would be priceless. So obviously, “ TO @ CAPS3 A @ CAPS4 ” was a good story, but in the end it might offend a lot of people. I still hear people talking about the book and read it last year. So in @ CAPS7 I think @ CAPS2 should be censorship in libraries.
I agree and disagree with the prompt. I think it's good that everyone is allowed to take any book off a shelf, listen to any music, watch all types of movies, or read any type of magazine. Then I think it's not good. First, the reason you agree is that certain books, music, movies, magazines, etc. @ MONTH1 are not suitable for most young children. They @ MONTH1 use profanity, show nude photos, or talk about things a child is not yet supposed to be exposed to at this age. Most music and movies these days use foul language or show people having sex or without proper clothing. Additionally, @ MONTH1 adults are using these materials in a way that could cause numerous problems with the library. So these are the reasons why I agree that certain materials such as books, music, movies and magazines are taken off the shelves if they are found to be offensive. Then on the other hand, I think libraries should leave most books, movies, music, or magazines on the shelves for everyone to take away. I say this because if a child doesn't experience what could happen if they use bad language or go out without proper clothing, or keep watching adult movies. So that gives them the opportunity to see what is wrong if they are exposed to these things at a certain age. I think it would be better if they had a section for books other than taking them off the shelves for good. In conclusion, I think it could go both ways. But, books, movies, music or magazines that are considered offensive should be moved to a certain area of the library.
Hello, I am writing to you today regarding my concerns about my views on censorship in a library. First, I think some of the music they play and listen to can be a bit graphic. I know that some of the music played can rob others of their feelings. Music should have meaning and instead of blood and murder it should be about the best things in life. Second, I would like to talk about some of the books that libraries have. I think if they want adult type material they should have an adults only section. reading should be about what you like, but it should also be about what you are able to read. Then I would like to talk about some of the inappropriate magazines that some libraries have. Some magazines show a little too much for some of the people who go to the library. Most of the magazines that are distributed are aimed at adults and adolescents over a certain age. I think they should create a section for each of the ages and age groups. Finally, I would like to see some of the movies that they let people watch. Libraies offers a graphic selection of films easily accessible to young children. Children don't need to know this stuff at all. Libraries need to know more about their environment before continuing with what they are doing. In conclusion, I believe that everyone has the right to a library. I just think that not everyone has the right to have everything that libraries contain. Bad things create evil spirits and we must learn to stay above these influences. Libraries need to change some of their ways and their selections to make things more successful on their behalf.
“We can all think of a book that we hope none of our children or other children have taken off the shelves,” said Katherine Paterson. Books are used to entertain and even teach readers about some aspect of life. Not exactly all books are offensive, but some are. Those that are should be removed from the shelves, especially if they are in a school library. Children might put this offensive or violent book into action. Other children could show the book to other peers. And also, children can be very offended. Should offending books now be removed from the shelves ? Children these days are very motivated. Whether it's through TV shows, video games or even music. In the news there have been reports of children being pressured into having a gun and hanging themselves, etc. The books are meant to entertain readers in a good way, not to teach them how to be a violent person. Some readers who read such things can turn these words into action. The student could then get into trouble. And people really wouldn't want that. Children tend to show off to their friends. If a student sees something offensive or violent in a book, there is a good chance that they will show it to their peers. Just because kids think it's cool. Getting one person to read this might be a problem, now imagine you had more than one, a whole clique seeing this. This could become a huge problem, not only for the children and their parents, but also for the school. Children who learn these new things from the book can get them to use it everyday and make it popular. The school can have a bad image on the part of the students. The transmission of information can become a conflict, and people certainly don't want it. The school is not only an educational building, but also a social place. There are cliques in each school. Within each person there is a different color, religion, style and personality. Children can be easily injured. If the books are offensive, it can easily hurt anyone reading this book. Again, books are meant to entertain readers, not hurt them. So why do even authors write something offensive in their books ? Maybe the authors feel the need to add interest and suspense to the book, but not all readers would take it easily. Hurting people isn't a fun thing to do, and people sure don't want to do it. So why have offensive books on the shelves? These books can get children to use it in action, show it to other peers, and hurt them as well. Children these days have it hard for themselves, why make it harder. Books are meant to entertain readers, why not just do it. So yes, take off the offending books and there won't be any problems.
Yes, I think some material like books, music, movies, magazines etc. should be taken off the shelves if they are found to be offensive. The reason I think some things should be removed is that some kids don't need to watch certain things. Parents do not always take their children to the library and tell them what they can and cannot get. In school libraries, they really don't have bad things, they only have school-appropriate things. But the public library has a lot of different things than a school library. Therefore, these are my reasons why I think some materials should be removed.
Censorship In everyday life we see things that we think are appropriate and should be removed, but do we have the right to be able to take this item off the shelves to stop the spread of this item, and is it safe for the future of children not to see this kind of material in stores, libraries and bookstores. Most cartoons contain violence, in fact almost all do, every conflict results in violence about a certain thing, children sit down to watch them and don't understand that there is violence in them, and understand that it is not good not to be violent as they see it on television, some shows, movies are not suitable for children. Same with books, nowadays kids are dabbling in new books based on movies like Twilight these book series contain violence and whether parents should censor what their kids could or couldn't read , most of these books would be ready to use. and cannot be seen by anyone, mainly children. In the newspapers there is violence shown, reported or even recounted, such as a fact that children are safe if they saw it, they would like to go and see if it continues and to see it, child safety is a concern. high priority because we care about their future, what they read, watch or even hear in books, TV, movies and newspapers. All of these reasons are good enough to give parents some censorship on what their children read, hear and see on a daily basis, even though cartoons show violence, kids can watch and enjoy it, but not act the violence shown. in cartoons and say some of the bad things he says in them.
Should libraries remove offensive reading material ? No, I don't think some reading material should be removed from libraries, just @ CAPS4, some people find @ CAPS5 offensive. There is offensive material everywhere. Just because you find @ CAPS5 offensive doesn't mean that someone else is. In my opinion, if a person finds something offensive, they shouldn't be looking at @ CAPS5 or reading @ CAPS5. A few months ago I was at the library. I was trying to find a book to read for an essay I had to write. I heard two girls talking. They were arguing about something. I moved closer to them to hear. 'Is @ CAPS1 about this one ?' The girl asked. “ It's a very good book ! @ CAPS5 talks about these two people who fall in love and their love life. @ CAPS5 goes on to explain how the man tries to find a woman after the death of the girl he fell in love with, and about his love life after @ CAPS6 leaves. ' said the other girl. " So you say @ CAPS5 is about sex ?" " Asked the first girl. '@ CAPS2, but only slightly.' The other girl answered. " I'm not going to read this !" " Said the first girl. '@ CAPS3 why not?' the second girl asked, confused. '@ CAPS4 @ CAPS5 talks about sex ! Teens shouldn't be able to consult books like this. The first girl replied, “ @ CAPS5 is sending the wrong message. " @ CAPS6 added. After these girls left, I went to get the book they were talking about. I started reading @ CAPS5. Interesting. In fact, @ CAPS5 was a really good book. The second girl was right. @ CAPS5 was not primarily about sex. @ CAPS5 was mostly about the love these two people shared for each other and @ CAPS1 the man went through after his love died. It made me think. Should any reading material be removed because @ CAPS5 is about sex, drugs, murders etc. or @ CAPS4 someone finds @ CAPS5 offensive ? No, @ CAPS5 shouldn't. There is offensive material in real life and @ CAPS5 is not deleted. Why should @ CAPS5 be deleted from a library ? @ CAPS1's @ CAPS5 is important if @ CAPS5 is in a book ? There will always be something somewhere that offends someone. This is how life is.
Books, music, etc. be removed from the shelves if they are found to be offensive ? well, people have the right to watch what they want, to hear what they want. Some people think it's wrong to have offensive things out in the open on the shelves. Some people think it's good. I guess it all depends on that person and their feelings. Let's say I was in the library and saw something offensive. well, the world doesn't stop and say 'hey, check this out, @ ORGANIZATION1 finds that offensive, so let's take it off the shelves just to make him happy'. I'm sorry but that's not how life works. If you don't like looking at it, turn the other way. If that was me, I would be worried about more important things like war or things going on in my life other than something offensive on the shelves of books. It's a big world out there and it's not getting smaller and it's not going anywhere anytime soon. There are going to be things in life that people don't like to watch, maybe hearing that is offensive. Here is what I tell him, get over it. I was at the bait shop the other day and heard a word that I dare not even say and hate to hear that word. What was I going to do to tell a grown man not to say that? ...... I just rolled my eyes and kept talking about my business. Whether books, music, ect ; be removed from the shelves if they are found to be offensive ? Well, like I've been saying all this time, live there will be certain things that shock you. We have to get over it. Sometimes getting over the offensive things you see isn't easy, but hey, life isn't easy.
If I found a book that offended me I should go and take it off the shelf because if I find a book offensive I know others would think the same. I agree that some books may be offensive to some and not to others and that it really doesn't measure up to those who think that way. One of the reasons I would take it for this shelf would be to keep your child reading it. Parents don't really want their children to read about violence and murder. Most of what I would take off the shelf should be about people who are racist agents of one or more other people. people kill other people and do sexual things. People really shouldn't be reading stuff like this because it puts things in their head and sometimes makes you think the same as the writer does. If kids read books about violence and sexual actions, they might think it's okay to do these things to other people and have a lot of issues with the law and their parents. Children really need to be kept away from these kinds of books, to tell them older ones and to understand what is good and what is not. Some books contain a lot of curses, and many children are learning the words and starting to use them more and more, say it is becoming a habit. Even though some books are from real people, they should always be taken off the shelves. In some of these books there is a lot of violence and children should not be exposed to this kind of book. The books can sometimes be worse than good. If everyone had a way to pick up a book that offended them when they wanted to, then there would be no more books.
If a people want to remove books, movies, music, magazines, and extras, they will do so if they feel it is offensive to others. I wish they didn't, but they feel the need to pull things off the shelves if they do. They think that if someone can find some sort of thing offensive, then they will feel it is okay to say or do things that they read or hear. It also means not doing the things people wrote about. The author has done things to challenge us and amaze us about things that were good in the days when the story in this case was good then. Most people these days take things seriously now mainly because we have things like lawsuits and bashing. If anyone can find something to complain about, they will. if there is a book from when @ CAPS1 had slaves and if it called them by a name that is not very pleasant. Then someone complains and says it is reckless and there will be an argument about it and the author will most likely lose and have to change this word to something else. People don't realize how much this happens, it often happens with books. Movies are a whole different thing now, things that happen in movies mostly do because they have the money to get by. There's a reason things are @ CAPS9 @ CAPS2, @ CAPS2 @ NUM1, and @ CAPS4. @ CAPS2 is intended for children under @ NUM1. There are some serten things that can be good in movies. @ CAPS2 @ NUM1 there can be a lot more stuff it can be scary to a certain extent and there is also sometimes sex stuff but it doesn't show everything. There may also be villains and some swearing not much though. @ CAPS9 @ CAPS4 it's a whole new level, they can have whatever they really want and it's a little more than @ CAPS2 @ NUM1 they kind of have a little more graphics than @ CAPS2 @ NUM1. Sometimes they have to choose between @ CAPS2 @ NUM1 and @ CAPS9 @ CAPS4, it depends on how things are graphed. Music is a whole different thing depending on what kind of music you like, like @ CAPS11, @ CAPS4 & @ CAPS13, @ CAPS14 @ CAPS15, @ CAPS16, @ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS17 and exedra. with all their thoughts they talk about sex and wills. Now everyone except the country is talking about drugs and @ ORGANIZATION1 is talking about @ ORGANIZATION1. There are some who talk about more things, but most of them are talking about what they are talking about. If parents don't want kids to care, they don't care. there is still a way to relate to it. most radio stations can't swear on the radio, but they just cut it off. there are ways to get the uncut version, but it's on a @ CAPS18, @ CAPS19 or @ CAPS20 @ NUM7 drive. There are ways around it. See, I think it's stupid to pull things off like that most of the time, because they're gonna see it or hear about it someday anyway when they're in high school. Most teens do things without their parents knowing it, and when they start driving they can be content with whatever they want. Moreover, they can read whatever they want because they can buy the book, read it and hide it. Face it, even younger kids find ways to do things their parents don't want them to do. No matter how old they are, they find ways to do whatever they want if they don't want to. I think if a school wants to read something they should have parents about it and if the kids can't read it they can do something else or read something else. Do not simply remove an item from the shelf, as a few students may read or look at it. Your spoil for the kids who want and can, it's really unfair to the rest of the students, they can't help their parents won't let them. If the parents refuse, try to talk to them and tell them about it, help them understand. Also people should have to watch what they are doing just because there is a child that the parent should leave them with a babysitter or something.
Books that are Offensive The @ CAPS1 point of view is that books should not be taken off the shelves if they are offensive to a person. Sometimes people get help from books that are offensive to others because someone is doing something wrong and the @ MONTH1 book helps the other person. Everyone should be able to read a book if they want to in a library. In a library, everyone should have the right to read every book. The idea of taking a book off the shelf is bad because people want to read books like that. Some people have a problem with this type of book, but if they don't like it, tell people not to read it and take it off the shelf. If anything, put it in another area or just move it, put all that type of book in an unmixed area. When people need help, they read a book or look for it. So if the book is offensive but can help someone in trouble, don't even move it. People have a reason for reading offensive books. We don't know all the reasons, but there are many. If a movie is not good for kids or just very awful, it should be placed @ MONTH1 in a place where no one will watch. Children and adults are the same, and no one needs to see a movie if it's really bad. Usually when someone takes something offensive, they are guilty of something and know they are but won't admit it. People think other people write things that are just offensive on purpose, but they don't write it down and someone is guilty of something and can't live up to it. Sometimes just the reading is misread and misunderstood. Everyone has had a book that they found offensive, but the next person has read it and might think it is funny. The biggest problem is that some people cannot read. then some people read so fast that they do not understand it correctly. I don't feel there are some documents that should be taken off the shelves if they are found to be offensive because this person @ MONTH1 feels guilty about something. If materials need to be moved, they should just be moved to a different area, not totally off the shelves. If it is considered offensive they should tell the librarian and if a lot more people say it is offensive then they can take it off the shelf.
The belief that certain documents, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should be taken off the shelves if they are offensive, depends on the situation to which the documents relate. If one is to see this type of resource then he / she must be mature enough to resist it. It all depends on where the material is in the library and what situation it is in. If it is in the children's area, I would strongly suggest that it be removed from there, as it is clear that a child should not process this type of information. If it's in the teenage section then the person has to be mature enough to either accept this kind of inappropriate issue or just leave it as it is. However, in the adult section there should be no arguments of any kind as it is obvious that the person has to be fully mature to assimilate this type of material. Comics called " tales @ CAPS1 " or " @ CAPS2 the @ ORGANIZATION1" are an example of why this type of aspect relates to whether or not to remove inappropriate material. These types of materials contain inappropriate or disturbing events in the books, but have been distributed to the teen section. Now, from @ NUM1 years old, they usually spend their time there and would probably read this type of information. Some teens would be horrified to browse through these books and others would be fascinated by it. It varies depending on the people and the type of material they would like to read. It all depends on the situation in which this material is distributed. Another example of whether inappropriate material should be taken off the shelves is the way films are put into situations. Once upon a time, a young woman in her early teens who wanted to watch a type of movie she had never seen before. So once she checked it out, she watched it with her parents and saw some difficult sections during this movie. The person should have thought about it before launching into the situation. If the person was mature enough to go through this business, that would have been good; but she was still young so that made matters worse. Whether inappropriate material should be taken off the shelves depends on how and where the material is distributed and therefore shows that a person can change the situation. , on the situation in which he finds himself
Books, music, movies, magazines, we have all had the pleasure of seeing / reading / watching our favorites, but many are considered unsatisfactory in their content for the youngest. Parents, more than ever, are concerned about the way their children are being raised and are always looking to eliminate inappropriate things from their lives. Things with heavy violence, gore, language, and even scenes of sexual content, all of these are wanted by all parents to be censored from their children's eyes. There are many reasons why parents all over the world want to hide these things from the eyes of young people, such as; personal influence, emotional growth and even the risk of a child becoming disobedient to the parent. These are all valid reasons why certain things should be removed from public view. Again, we've all read or heard things that affect us personally, maybe you've read how you can make your life happier, or maybe you've heard an inspirational song that convinced you to follow along. your dreams. Well, this is also true for everyday books, movies, magazines or music. If someone is introduced to something about a hateful life or someone living in a violent manner, it can make a young reader wish to live the same lifestyle if it even seems a little fun. Certainly, children are encouraged to have fun, but to a certain extent, but in safety. These are even known to affect someone's emotions. Maybe a good song that made you happy, or a movie that made you laugh. But it is also true in the reverse direction. Dark, dreary songs can make a person feel depressed, or a scary movie @ MONTH1 leaves a person with a new fear or nightmare in their sleep the same night. We even know that some children remain traumatized for life simply because they were not ready for what they saw in certain violent and bloody scenes. These are all things that parents want to keep away from their children in order to keep them safe. People are very easily moved by any form of information, song or story. It is our responsibility to keep the good influences around and to keep the bad ones out. Children are easily affected by behavior, maybe they just saw a movie by @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 and thought he was so cool and wanted to be like him. If a child is exposed to a movie of great violence or bad influence, then the child @ MONTH1 begins to follow what is happening there and begins not to listen to their parents. It is right to keep these bad influences away until they are able to deal with such violent or unhappy things. So yes, some materials should be removed from public view, for the safety of the community and its children. Books, Movies, Music, Magazines - We've all seen / read / listened to them, but what influenced you? Did you become a better person by doing it ? Or worse ? Or maybe you weren't hit at all? We have to be careful of what is available to us and to the rest of the world. Keeping bad things away from our children and anyone who may be negatively influenced is a top priority for any person, group or business.
Newspaper staff and / or who @ MONTH1 is concerned, Reading material found in a library is very useful and informative to the world, there is no limit to what can be found on paper. Whether offensive or not, having limits on books will only create tension, affect the economy and lead, ironically enough, to illegal activity, in which offensive books will be written and sold, completely undercover. In today's world, it would be nearly impossible to pick up a book and actually state that it is not offensive. Almost everyone has a little problem with something in the world today, and because of that, it's hard to find original, non-shocking material. With the removal of offensive material from libraries, authors will be devastated, not just emotionally, but will be unemployed and have less income. Due to the fact that it is virtually impossible to write a book that is not offensive, authors will become very frustrated and most are very passionate about what they are doing. Additionally, because almost all reading material is offensive in one way or another, there will be little or no reading material on libraries around the world or nationwide. @ CAPS1 could potentially lead to violent protests that quickly destroy even the most prosperous nations. However, physical devastation would not be the only price to pay for removing offensive reading material from libraries. The books cost money; making books costs money, buying books costs money. The paper companies would make a major plunge in the market, having almost no customers. When a major division such as the paper industry falls, it will lead to others under the name @ CAPS2, and due to the complexity of the country's market, almost all large companies are dependent on paper. @ CAPS1 would ruin the economy. Some might say, " @ CAPS1 means the people of @ LOCATION1 will be much greener !" " @ CAPS2, in recent centuries, when the economy and the environment are scaled, the economy takes the cake of a mile. Obviously, @ CAPS1 will do a lot more harm than good. The peoples of the world always have a priority. Also, the majority of people don't appreciate taking something that they love so much. People, in general, want what they can't have. An obvious example would be illegal drugs; the drug market is very successful, but it is illegal. If people were to use these currently illegal drugs for their own purposes, being completely legal, there is a good chance that the successful marketing of the drugs will collapse. The reverse is true for books: we have them now, but when they are taken, we'll want more. People who read tend to be very passionate about literature and very intelligent. All it takes is a group to gain numbers and have a very talented speaker to persuade others to follow a potentially violent revolt for permission to write and publish allegedly " offensive " books . Any other material found in libraries, such as music and movies, removed will have the same effects, with or without some similarities or differences. Avoiding such problems is easy, keep books and other materials in a library on the shelves. It will only be problematic to remove everything, especially because it is offensive, when there are very few books that the general population will not find offensive. If keeping material in libraries means that individuals will be offended for very different reasons, let it be organized chaos. @ CAPS1 is the way people work, and keeping the material on their own is how people are satisfied or motivated
Well to start my persuasive @ CAPS1. IT'S @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 !!! How could they !? Don't we have our say? ... Well ... WE MUST !!!! This is kind of what I think of this letter. I think if any books, movies, music, magazines or whatever is offensive, we shouldn't have them in libraries because that's not good, and that's @ CAPS2 cuel, and people should not put these things there if there are others or mean to them. In my experience I had this where I cracked a book on something and it turned out to be very offensive to me. It was at @ ORGANIZATION1 when I was @ NUM1 years old. My parents and I were there for a movie or something, and we were looking at books that was there, and came across a book called '@ CAPS4 in @ LOCATION1' and that was offensive to me because @ CAPS5 was the region I was raised in, and they @ CAPS2 talked about their feelings on faith and how they think about it. And it hurt me because I go to church and read the @ CAPS6-I- @ CAPS6- @ CAPS8- @ CAPS9. And I was brought up in a type of faith that I know well. And if you read this book, that made my question everything I believed. So to sum up my thoughts and feelings. I think it shouldn't be there for people to read it like I said before. People have other books that they can have there instead of offensive ones. Overall, I hope you will think about my compelling letter and also tell them about your thoughts and ideas.
Hello my name is @ PERSON1 one day me and a friend were in the library on @ DATE1 @ TIME1 looking at books. Later that day my @ CAPS1 and I were at school reading our books, she came up to me in the hallway. @ CAPS1 said her book was offensive and she was going to tell someone about it. So the school passed, the bell rang, it was time to go. When she got home, she went to tell her parents that her parents said she should go tell the librarian. On our walk to the library @ CAPS1 and stopped by the store to grab something to drink. While she was there she got a journal to read what was going on at school when she noticed something about books on how they should be taken off the shelves. When we walked through the library doors the librarian was sitting at her desk, she asked us if we needed any help. @ CAPS1 said no but I have to tell you about a book the librarian said was way ahead of her. That she had already complained about the books and was pulling them off the shelves. And move it to the back cupboard. About a week later @ CAPS1 and his mom were reading the newspaper on the library, he said all offensive books were taken off the shelves and replaced with newer and better books. Some people thought it was wrong and they shouldn't do it because someone said it was offensive, but they did it anyway.
Censorship helps prevent people from seeing, listening to, or reading disturbing images or ideas for certain age groups. But in the case of libraries, all books should be taken off the shelves. And if all the books are taken off the shelves, then all the books in the stores should also be thrown away. Books are an integral part of life. They have great ideas and thoughts expressed through these amazing works of art. People who think books in libraries should be censored are fools. These people want to protect themselves and their children, and that's understandable, but at the same time, they're hurting people with the decision they've decided to make. Authors are hurt because it is their work that is being censored. People who love to read books, which are wanted to be censored, could no longer read those books. It is primarily the person's choice to avoid these books if they find them genuinely offensive to themselves. They shouldn't go out of their way and try to censor them because eventually they could lead everyone or some people to think that they might find a book that should be censored. And if that happened, there would be no more books on the shelves. The government will take notice and ban these books or worse remove all books forever, like what happened in @ CAPS1 @ NUM1. Overall, books are a good thing. They inspire us and help us move through life with the thoughts they express. It's your choice to avoid the books that upset you, not what other people think of them.
Do I think that some material, such as books, music, magazines, etc., should be taken off the shelves if they are found to be offensive ? NO, the reason I'm saying this is if it was offensive to me, they might not be offensive to other people. I'm not saying things like that are offensive to me because there aren't any. Personally, I like to read books like comics with superheroes. It excites me. Let's get back to the fact that if people think a book is offensive to them, then they don't need to take it @ CAPS1 ! If I knew that a book would be offensive to me, I would never take it. I know what you are going to say " but what if they did that " @ CAPS1 knew it was going to be offensive to them ". Well, it is a matter of common sense. Just put it in place and don't complain because the writer didn't know @ CAPS1 you were going to take it offensive or the wrong way. They were just writing a book. It's not the scriptwriters' fault. He or she was just writing a book that they thought was a good book. When it was posted and you read it and found it offensive. DON '@ CAPS1 because they oppose it. So don't take any books off the library shelves because stupid people won't get mad that they have offended him. You're going to ruin it for other people who, even if the book was either a good book or a great book. So now that we've got that sorted out, let's move on and get on with our lives. Thanks for the conversation. See you next time
The company is always about what is appropriate and what is not. We see things of this nature every day, even when we are not trying to do it. This is the classic argument between two parties trying to prove each other wrong, what is permissible and what is not. We should try with all our efforts to keep inappropriate books off our shelves and out of the hands of the young population. People can be swayed to do just about anything. There are too many of these stories to pick just one. The interesting thing is that people can be indirectly affected by someone. Whether through television, music, or books, man can be shaped into anything through what he is conditioned to believe. The influences that we encounter can be positive or negative. As a humble person who only wants the best for society, I know that movies with crime or explicit images don't help anyone become a better citizen. It's no different with books. Books that have politically incorrect messages are by no means better than movies that serve the same purpose. I am by no means against reading books, I am quite the contrary. Reading is generally good for mental and social health because it allows us to explore things deep inside us that are often rendered unnecessary in our fast-paced world. But if we are constantly overexposed to books that are against our very human nature, they should be removed for the sake of the people around us. If one cannot find a book to read that is not deemed appropriate, then he or she should take a look at himself. There are millions of books that are not only exciting and thought-provoking, but can positively influence any one of them as well. We, as members of @ ORGANIZATION1 already have enough problems as is the case with all of our financial problems and so on. We don't need to add more to the table when we let the population access obsessive books that would generally only make someone rebellious to society. If anything makes the people of our lands more rioting than it should be immediately censored or removed from society at large. Believe it or not, there are ways to have fun and get a good message across at the same time!
Dear diary ; In libraries, I don't think there is a need to remove things that people might find offensive, because honestly, if that offends you, don't look at them. You are your own person and can make your own decisions if this allegedly offensive material is not viewed as offensive by anyone. So why should this person be punished by someone who has to make a big deal out of something. Just because you don't love her doesn't mean I don't love her. If someone finds a book shocking, don't read it, if there's a magazine you find shocking, don't read it. It is that simple, people are wise enough to know what is good and what is bad for them. There is no reason why someone cannot choose what they want, where they want it. From my own observations, I have seen on numerous occasions someone find the music offensive, but they do not say anything. They just ignore it, the world needs more people like this. More people who will stand up for what they believe in and not judge others for what they believe in. It seems the world is filling up with a group of people who care too much about what other people are doing. This isn't necessarily a bad thing, but everyone will be offended by something, but it's up to you to decide whether or not it bothers you for the rest of your life. Listen to any music, read any book or magazine you want. If anyone finds them offensive, so be it. You are your own person and that will never change. Do what makes you happy and nothing else.
Why censor things? When there will always be someone who wants to read a book or magazine that others think should be censored. If this vicious cycle continued, we would have no more books to read at all. There are a lot of things out there that some people don't like, but that doesn't give them the right to get rid of it. Then by doing that and removing it on their own just because they didn't think it was a suitable book. Will leave someone with nothing to read now. If the books or the magazine started to be taken away from us, then we would have less means to research or learn certain things. Although there may be graphic images or writing in books or magazines, that does not make them inappropriate. It's got to be on the book that he's got it in there. If you see the mark and don't want to look at it, you don't have it either. We have to code books for different ages. Then parents might be happy if their little boy or that little girl could only read certain books because of their age. Then, if the parents give permission, the children could read books intended for older children or adults. Even though I'm not the biggest fan of reading, sometimes I pick up a book that has things to learn about an engine. I don't think people should be able to restrict anything and opt out everyone has the right to read the book or watch the movie etc. But children are different because they don't need to learn all of these things at an early age. So parents can choose what to read. but if you are an adult you should be able to read, listen or watch whatever you want.
There are many things in this world that children should not see that plague their minds and the minds of others regardless of their age @ MONTH1. The things people see these days can be bad and shouldn't be seen by anyone of any age. These things must be eliminated so that our spirits will be clean and the spirits of future generations will be clean as well. The reason I think no one, regardless of age, should think about these bad things is because if kids shouldn't know about them, then why should the same kid who's grown up know these? same things. But if things like this are to be found in libraries, then the question is who should be in charge of deciding what is good for bad? Since the world population is so large and so many people have different ideas, how could we get a person to go through all the things and decide between right and wrong ? Well the awnser would be that it is impossible to do that. This is why it is up to the head of the family to decide what to do in the face of this crisis.
I believe that some materials should not be on their own, but not removed. They should have a room with anything anyone could offend anyone. Some books; music, movies, magazines, etc. should not be completely removed from a public library. I saw a little kid pull an adult book out of himself. The mother got very angry with the library for having it so low on herself. I can understand that some books are in the library. They should have all the adult books and so on. on the higher selves so that little children cannot reach them. The library should have a room for books for children and adolescents ; magazines, music, films, etc. Children should not be aloud in parts of the library that are vile or sexual. The library should also have a room for all adult movies and books with a locked door, along with the child's bedroom. If the library doesn't have enough money for the rooms, they can at least put all the adult stuff on a higher self or a higher self. I believe that some documents should not be on the shelves, but not removed from the library. Because someone might need this book to research something for school or a job. It could also remove someone's story from the library if it is deleted. I mean there's a reason for the book; a movie, magazine, music, etc. Have been realised. There is a reason the material is there. Parents can also help the library by taking a closer look at their children. even have a friend or neighbor watch the kids while the parent goes to the library so the kids don't see anything they shouldn't. I believe everything I have written here is the truth of how things should be in a public library. Adult stuff should be above. If a parent doesn't like it, they can leave their child at home or not go to this library anymore.
There are many types of books, music, movies, and magazines in one library. All over the world, people have different interests in different topics. Some people take offense to certain books, songs, movies, magazines, etc. Another person @ MONTH1 not and thinks that is offensive at all. For example, a religious book that talks about @ CAPS1 as one guy when some people think differently. The book should not be put away, as there are also books that will deal with your beliefs. The variety of subjects in a library such as songs, magazines and everything in the library is huge. There should never be a book, movie, or article taken out when someone takes offense, because in Katherine Paterson's quote it means that if someone decides to take a book off the shelf, anyone could. Which would end up leaving people with no variety in the books, which would create a huge problem. People would not be able to read as much as they would like because they would not have the option to choose between several options. The library provides information for teachers, students, researchers, writers and readers who make it a hobby. If it was taken away from people, people would become less informed about a lot of things in the world. In @ CAPS2, freedom is important and we expect it, freedom of speech and the freedom to have one's own opinions and interests. Therefore, if any items were deleted from a public place that donates it, @ CAPS2 would not let this happen. People have the right to like whatever they want, if someone takes offense to an item in the library they should walk away from it and not stress out to remove it.
It doesn't really matter to me, we all have the right to be like and dislike. Someone @ MONTH1 doesn't think that movies containing blood should be allowed, but other @ MONTH1 thinks that this movie with adalt content should not be allowed. If you don't like something and someone is dosing, why should you get what you want and not what someone wants. So if we take one movie, book, magazine, type of song, or music out of the market, why don't we take them all off the market. Then there will be no debate about what is soutibal to watch and what is not. So if you don't like something or don't have small kids and don't want him to watch something or read something or watch something then just leave it and if you have wrong is that they cannot reach either well or arrive at
Books, music, movies, magazines, etc. should be removed from shelves as small children should not look, see or hear them. Violence is not a good thing for little children to watch because they will want to grow up and fight. We already have a high rate of adolescent violence. Our rate of teen violence really needs to be lowered. When teens start to fight, they are not in control of themselves. The films in my oppion should really be deleted because that is how children learn to fight. They see an older child fighting and they want to try it. Movies are a bad influence on little kids when it comes to fighting and killing. Movies could also lead children to be bullies. When a child is a bully, he doesn't really know what he's getting into. Another bad example would be drugs and alcohol. Adolescents and other children are challenged by their peers. When teens and other children have peer pressure, it's hard to say NO. The kind of music people listen to. Music can also have a bad influence on children. The music the kids listen to is said to have something about murder, drugs, and alcohol. When kids are involved in drugs and alcohol it will ruin their whole life. For example, screamo music to me sounds like someone is killing or beating someone up. Magazines are a bad thing for teens and children to watch and read. Magazines contain bad pictures and when teens see the pictures they want to act and / or be like the people in them. Books, movies, music and magazines have to be taken off the shelves because of all the violence. There are so many different fights and different teens that make other kids fight with their peers. This is why I persuade you to remove the books from the shelves
How much can someone suffer from a book, popular music, movie or even magazine etc. ? Well, as the studies show, @ CAPS1 ctizens @ MONTH1 takes what those items say more offensive than it looks @ MONTH1. They @ MONTH1 seem to be going too far or exaggerating what these updated articles are posting on @ LOCATION1, but is it really true? Due to all the different races @ LOCATION1 sees each day, sometimes we @ MONTH1 @ CAPS2 do our best to accept their different cultural backgrounds in our modern society. I noticed just going to a pretty much all-white school how most people judge other races than their own, whether that is by making fun of what they wear or the way they speak etc. . Sometimes I wish they could just consider that we are all human beings and no one deserves to be treated that way. Considering all of this, I think that whether they are racial books, magazines, or movies, they should @ CAPS2 be removed from their distribution around the world. I know that if those books, movies, magazines or music are racist, they should still be able to be heard by those who want to hear it. I think there are people, for example myself, who like to watch movies and read books about slavery, the holocaust, etc. It's part of @ CAPS1 @ CAPS4 and I really enjoy learning more about it. This @ MOIS1 seems racial to those who have been through these difficult times and those elements that try to explain the pain these people have gone through @ MOIS1 just seems like a joke on them for making fun of everything they have been through, even if it's @ CAPS2 meant at all that way. I also understand that there are people who write books about Mexican jokes, black jokes, etc. or even make funny movies joking about different races. I think this stuff should be taken off the shelves everywhere ! These are the types of things that I think bother many different races and don't care about their cultural background. When it comes to music these days, it seems like they're still singing about love, physical and mental injury, etc. I feel like music shouldn't really have an effect on different races, unless it's done for the purpose of making fun of people. I don't see where magazines can interfere with a certain cultural context. The magazines I read about Magazine Seventeen seem to say how beautiful these people are. Overall I think making fun of the different races around the world will never get better if we don't do something to help it get better. Even though all of these different things like : movies, magazines, books, and music @ MONTH1 seem racial, I think they should be left on the shelf in every library for people to view and better understand @ CAPS4 from. our world, but if that's the case a really written book, song, movie, or magazine article that aims to hurt someone of a different race, that should definitely be taken off the shelves of the world.
Should offensive books be removed from library shelves ? Some books in the library are offensive to some people, but should the books be removed from the shelves ? Personally, I don't think the books should be cut. Some people @ MONTH1 think books should be removed, some don't. What is your choice in the face of this difficult question? First of all, like I said before, I don't think the books should be done away with; but some people @ MONTH1 don't like my opinion. These books should not be deleted just because they are offensive to others. If another person finds a book offensive, that person should simply ignore the book, not request that it be removed from the shelf ; someone else might want to read this same book, but if it is taken off the shelf, that person will not be able to read the book. It is not fair to take books off the shelves just because someone finds the book offensive. Anyone who finds a book offensive should just ignore it and not read the book. This book which is offensive to someone is not intended for him; the opinion of the authors should not matter. Second, everyone's opinion is different. Some people want books off the shelves, some don't. So who gets their way in this little hassle? I think the books should stay on the shelves. One person @ MONTH1 finds the book offensive and the next person @ MONTH1 does not. Other people @ MONTH1 haven't even read the offending book. But no matter if the book is read or not, it should not be taken off the shelf; it's just not fair to all the other people who actually want to read this book. Finally, everyone likes different book themes. If you don't like the theme of the book, why are you reading it? If you don't like the book or find it offensive, choose another book. Don't go where other people can't read the book if they like these kinds of themes. You wouldn't want that to happen to you. No one would like that. Just pick a book that has a theme you like. So as you can see I don't think it's fair for books to be taken off the shelves if people find the book offensive. Some people @ MONTH1 like this theme of the book or the story in it. Some people have different opinions about the book, or it means something different to them. And just because someone finds a book offensive doesn't mean it should be taken off the shelf; it's just not fair to other people.
Have you ever read a book that you thought was offensive? Have you ever read a book that you didn't want anyone else to read? I agree with Katherine Paterson if we can take a book off the shelves, we can take all the books off the shelf. Katherine Paterson says if I have the right to remove this book from the shelf that I abhor. Which means if one person takes a book from a shelf, then everyone else does the same, then we won't have any more books to read in the libraries. This is why I agree with Katherine on this subject, books are written so that we read undetected just because parents who are so stuck up don't want their child to read a book that so many other people enjoy. Magizines that people think are offensive should then be placed in a different area so that children cannot obtain them. The same with movies so movies aren't made for kids, but that doesn't mean we have to get them off the shelf! One thing we can do is put on the valgur moves that we don't want the kids looking at behind the counter and the librarian getting them when we look at them. When it comes to books, make a separate part of the library for books that children shouldn't read, such as horror novels or books, adult books, some action books. Music is another thing that some parents have spent time with because of the offensive lyrics they contain, but some like that kind of music so we can't take that away from them because we don't like it. does it seem fair ?? Now, do any of these books look a little better now? Yes, we still don't want kids to read valgur books about murder, romance, and serial killers, but for some people, they love to read these novels. That's why I agree with Katherine @ PERSON1
Libraries at @ LOCATION1 I'm going to write a persuasive essay on what I think about some books and magazines that some people find offensive in the book. I don't think that just because it's offensive to someone, it should be taken off the shelf, because some people have different views on the book or the magazine. So I will say what I think about this subject. I think if someone doesn't like what's in the book, they just shouldn't read it or something like that, because some people might find it interesting. People just need to stop being so selfish and start thinking about other people. For example, the author of the book or magazine is related to them, and they probably made it so that other people could relate to them as well. That's why I think people shouldn't discuss taking books off the shelves and start thinking about other people. That's what I think of people trying to get books off the shelves. So anyone reading this, please take this into consideration and know that some people like books that are different from others. So don't start taking books off the shelves just because a few people find them offensive. So that's all I have to say about people trying to take them off the shelf because they're offensive
In libraries there are a lot of books, magazines, music, or movies that @ MONTH1 are found to be offensive to many, but maybe that's what some people like to read ; therefore, we must keep all materials, no matter how coarse they are. These library materials are all part of the worlds past and all have a bigger story behind them which has an even bigger story behind and so on. If we start deleting books and everyone deletes one, we won't have anything more to learn. The world will be less intelligent and we will start to forget and lose our past. This is the reason why we should never remove books, movies, music or magazines from the shelves of a library to make @ MONTH1 special to someone or @ MONTH1 to be rude to others but at the same time. end, they all contain past tense that no other @ MONTH1 books contain. A world without supposedly inappropriate books, magazines, music, or movies would be a less crass place, but it will deprive people of the knowledge that @ MONTH1 will be needed. If everyone took a book off the shelves, there wouldn't be any left. The books would start to lose their love, their compassion and their way of life within them. Other @ MONTH1 books contain segregation and segregation is a big part of the Americas past. The word nigger is offensive to some and if we removed all the books with the word nigger we would lose @ NUM1 years in America that cannot be forgotten. The documents containing stories of wars, rulers, the rise and fall of many empires and kingdoms are said to have all disappeared because the violence was too offensive. Many historical moments in the history of the world would be lost forever. We cannot get rid of offensive books for the sake of the world's past. The world would lose too much history by getting rid of offensive books. If the books were placed in their own section of the library, children would not be able to see them, which would not be a problem for young eyes. If you find a lot of offensive books you shouldn't go to a library because no matter what happens no books will just be thrown away because they have a story in them. If we start putting the books away, soon the movies will come out and magazines will just say the same. I believe if our kids can't make it to the section with offensive books, we won't have to worry about them seeing the offensive material. If we want to keep all of the books and people are still trying to throw away the offending books, we should just have a section where the offending books should be and kids can't access them. In @ CAPS1, this is how we could censor books in libraries. Books, films, magazines and music are part of every country in the world today. It changes countries and makes them different, it gives them their own culture that we can share with each other. So no matter what, we should never try to remove offensive books or any kind from library shelves. Censorship @ MONTH1 will be necessary, but offensive material does not need to be removed from the face of the earth or thrown where no one can ever read it again. Overall we can't put out the flames of our past or we @ MONTH1 never have a future
Censorship in Libraries I think censorship in a library is good, some people @ MOIS1 think that kids don't need to see certain things. What @ MONTH1 is true, there is a lot that even adults shouldn't even see for themselves. If there are to be bad things in the library, the owners could create a section just for those things. People should have the right to be able to view whatever they want in the library
Libraries are a place where anyone can find books to read, on any subject they choose. It is a right which must remain in the hands of the reader and not of the library. Anyone can read whatever they like, and people working in libraries should not have any influence on the books people read. Censorship of books is totally unnecessary. If someone wants to read on a specific topic, then they have the right to do so. Reading a book that is offensive to the reader is the reader's choice; no one forced them to read it. When he finds an offensive book, the reader can then make that decision and not read the book. However, just because this reader finds this book offensive does not mean that another person would, and that other person has the right to read this book if they wish. Finding an offensive book is just opinion and has no factual evidence. So who has the right to say whether a book is offensive or not? Just because someone who runs a library thinks a book is offensive or inappropriate doesn't mean it should be taken off the shelves. There is no one who can tell whether a book is offensive or not. Other things like music, movies or magazines should also not be censored, although some already are. Movies, for example, are all rated, thus giving the viewer a choice of what level of movie they want to watch. Viewers should not expect to watch a movie rated “ @ CAPS1 ” and not see any content containing foul language, violence or other “ offensive ” material. By choosing a higher rated film, the viewer makes their own choice of what to see, and therefore librarians should not take it upon themselves to remove these films. It is simply not their responsibility. The music is also rated and, if necessary, bears a parental warning label, telling the listener that this album has explicit content. Although just like with movies or books, everyone has the right to listen to the music they want and shouldn't have to look anywhere other than a library because the librarian thought the music was inappropriate. Magazines @ MONTH1 should not be rated, but that does not mean that the library should make the executive decision to rate them and get rid of those deemed “ offensive ”. As mentioned several times above, it is the reader's choice to view the material; not that of the librarian. Whether it is books, music, films or magazines, the consumer has the right to read, listen or see what he wants, free from the influence of librarians. Each person has a say in the material they choose to consume, and no one else has the right to tell them otherwise.
Dear Diary, I don't think there should be any censorship at all. Everyone has the right to read or watch what makes them happy. Just because someone is offended by them doesn't mean it shouldn't exist. Maybe if you had to take books and movies off the shelves for censorship, that would offend someone ? It would offend the person who wrote the book or made the movie. There are many reasons why censorship shouldn't be in libraries. My first reason is freedom of expression. People have the right to say or write what they believe. Just because it might offend someone doesn't mean you should take the opportunity to read away from people they don't offend. Give people the right to read and write whatever they want. Also, if you use censorship, it will negatively affect the literature. By using censorship, you will have to remove the books that offend people from the shelves. Not having these books on the shelves means that no one can read them. If no one can read the books, no one learns. Another thing to consider is the authors' money. Often at the library, if I see a book that I really like, I'll buy it. But removing those books from the shelves means no one will see them. Authors write these books so that they can get their point across and earn money. If we do away with the books, they don't make money and they don't get their point across. In conclusion, I think censorship is a bad idea overall. One because of freedom of speech. Second, it could have a drastic effect on the literature. Third, it takes away money and perspective from authors. These are the important reasons why I do not overdo the censorship.
I don't think music, magazines, books, or movies should be taken off the shelves because if some people don't like it, others might find it more interesting than what others do. I think if people don't want kids to see it, then don't let them. I believe that children should have the right to know some things but not all. I mean everyone has a right to know what is going on or what happened years and years ago. I mean everything is put forward to be seen and not hidden from people because people want others to know what happened even if they take it badly. I would prefer my kids to know everything so that they know what is wrong and what is right. There is stuff in books, magazines, etc. it shouldn't be seen or heard, but people listen to it and read it all the time no matter what it is. Schools teach kids almost everything, does that mean schools should be closed ? No! Some people homeschool their children for this reason, but do they think about what people say or do when they go out in public ? I don't think so, there really is no reason if people take offense at something that they read or listen to. There is no reason for people to take it off the market if they don't like it because others will and they will buy it just to listen or read something. People need to realize that there is stuff everywhere that people don't want their children to hear, but they hear it anyway. It's just the hoe of our economy these days.
Yes! I believe because the books had a lot of information, when I listen to music I feel so sweet like I do, I am so happy. NUM1 i believe because music is good for listening .. when you listen to music everyday you know what they mean, then you will know what it means, first i listen to music american music i used to feel crazy now i know how to listen to music. .Yes! I believe because magazines are good to read. It is thought that when I became American I felt so sad because I also don't know how to read magazines which is why and two months later I have a new friend then they taught me talking @ CAPS1 and they taught me to read magazines @ NUM2 years later i had a lot of friends at school my teacher told me kabee don't worry about learning to talk @ CAPS1 when you come to school everyday you will be talking @ CAPS3 very well so i study everyday to learn talk @ CAPS3 now i can talk very well @ CAPS3 to @ CAPS4 i love all teachers because 'they taught me to speak @ CAPS3 that's why ...
In today's life that we all live, we feel the need to make things more private. If that something is said and we don't like it, we feel the urge to rid @ CAPS2 of '@ CAPS1' from other people. In modern writing @ DATE1 and throughout history there have been certain books that we don't like because they go against what we think is morally right. But just because a bunch of people say it's wrong, is there a need to abolish @ LOCATION1 altogether ? No. When something is written, it is written for a purpose. If there was no goal, we wouldn't have anything to read in the first place. Yes, there are books and magazines that can be very lively and inappropriate for young minds. But that is why these books are created for the elderly to read. I am a huge fan of books on the two @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 that have taken place. I find them very fascinating and I love to see what my @ DATE1 life might be like if the results of those @ CAPS3 would have been different. I'll admit that a lot of these books contain very real things in a way that some adults can't even handle, but that wouldn't be a reason to throw them all together. These books represent a large part of human history that many people need to know. Without these books, those @ CAPS3s can become a thing of the past and nothing more. There are also many books that have a lot to do with very mature themes. These bookos can include very detailed areas of a sex scene. Yes indeed, these books can definitely be very inappropriate for young children. But that's where the idea comes from that these books weren't created for them. They were created for older and more mature readers. Also, if we are so concerned with what our children are seeing, this is where the parent should step in. The parent can control the limit on the intensity or maturity of the books their child reads. Finding out what children see is an important question, but the other side is the idea that people find ideas by reading more intense books. For example, when people find something that they really believe in, they can become very motivated to expand people's knowledge about it. If a person reads a book on politics and sees a side that he has never seen before, he might become led to form a group to bring that thought or question into all the minds of the human race. It could affect us greatly if a large number of people were to fight against a group as large as our current government. But even if it could happen, what kind of free group, run by the people for the people, are we now. Overall, putting restrictions on the things we read or see, in our country, should be morally wrong. Limiting what the nation can see would likely lead to more uproar than simply having to deal with the different thoughts or views of a group of people. It could happen because people would see there that maybe the government would do more socialist acts in trying to control our knowledge.
I believe that books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should not be taken off the shelves in the library. If the material offers things like racism, I would like those items to be taken off the shelves. Sometimes politics have a say. This is my opinion on this subject. First of all, people have the option of looking at these things on the shelves or on the Internet. We all have our own opinion of what is offensive and what is not. A lot of people have families and kids, and they don't want their kids to have to do this stuff. Parents know where most library materials are. Also, if the parents want to get books, why not go to a different library and buy some books. Or go to a store that sells books that is a little more censored. I have only one exception though, if the material in the book, the music, the movie, the magazine is racist in any way, I would like that taken off the shelf. Many people have a choice of whether or not to go to a place that has offensive material. Sometimes the local, state, or even federal government has a say in whether this kind of material is put on library shelves or on the Internet. Who knows, maybe someone loves these kinds of books, music, magazines, movies, etc., and doesn't want them taken off the shelves or off the internet. Even going on the computer and "surfing the web" for stuff like that is a little crazy, but it's their choice. So that's my take on censorship in libraries.
Are there any books and magazines that need to be taken off the shelves if they are found to be offensive? YES! Children shouldn't be exposed to certain things. Some books and magazines are suitable for children at certain ages. Children should read books that correspond to their age group. If children read books that are not suitable for their age, they might start to act this way. Parents should try to remove all books that offend their children, as this can have a very bad effect on them. Children of a certain age group should read books at their level and appropriate for them. Some books, magazines, music and movies need to be explained to children these days. I think they should all be blocked and out of the reach of children. If children started listening to inappropriate music and reading offensive books, it could affect the way they act. Children should not be exposed to things that could cause them to be brainwashed. If kids start reading a horrible book and listening to bad music, imagine the effect it could have on them in the world we live in today ! I think parents should try to do everything possible to keep certain things out of the reach of their children. Parents should protest and call meetings to make sure libraries are removing inappropriate things from shelves for children. Parents should want to keep children away from certain things that @ MONTH1 seems to offend. This means that they will do their job as a good parent. Sometimes kids won't always agree with what parents might say, but they should realize that it might be what works best for them. Parents shouldn't always want to be their child friends because sometimes children are crushing you. I know from personal experience because sometimes people can mistake kindness for weakness! As a parent, you should already be prepared for this sort of thing. In conclusion, explicit magazines, books and music should really be taken off the shelves of children. It could expose children to things that are not always good for them.
If I had the right to remove books, music, magazines, or other shocking things from a library, I wouldn't. I wouldn't do it because everyone has the right to read, listen and see what they want. If people really didn't want to see offensive books or anything, why would they see it in the first place. Some parents think that they shouldn't have shocking books because it will affect their children. It would be a change in the education of children. Everyone has the right to read what they want. There are different types of people who like to read different types of things. If the books were to be taken out of the library, everyone would start taking out all the books. Somehow everyone ends up reading all of these offensive books at some point in their life anyway. Parents who are so worried about what their children would see in a library should educate themselves about what their children are reading and forbid them to do so. In my opinion, I think that if parents took the time to explain the good and bad things in life to their children, it would not be so offensive to their children. Another reason I wouldn't remove books from a library is because it affects the education of many children. To remove books is to take away their history. There are many painters in our history who have painted nude women that many people find offensive. I think they should never take that story away from them because they're just learning about their story. Books, music, magazines, etc. should not be removed from libraries. Because these things are important to everyone whether you read them or not. To remove these elements would be just total chaos. They should leave the libraries as they are. Everyone has the right to read, listen and see what they want.
Should any material deemed offensive be removed from our library shelves ? Many people find the materials they see in libraries, such as books, movies, music, magazines, etc., offensive ; but does that mean they should be deleted? I, along with many others, believe that libraries should not censor offensive material. Censing libraries would neglect parental responsibilities, destroy our profitable media and be unconstitutional. Parents are responsible for their children, not only when it comes to providing food and shelter, but also when their children view inappropriate or offensive material. If you don't want your child to be offended or see vulgar shows, lyrics, and music, don't let them see it. For example, if a child listens to a sex song on their I-pod, take it off. It is not a right to have the device, it is a privilege and the parents are out loud to withdraw privileges. In addition to neglecting the responsibilities of parents, it would be a big blow to the media economically. Most media are viewed because of inappropriate material appearing in their shows, books and music. If you censor all of this material, fewer movie tickets will be bought, fewer books will be sold, and less music will be listened to. In a time of recession, like the one we are emerging from now, it is more beneficial to provide as much income as possible, instead of destroying current opportunities for profit. Both of these points are valid, but more importantly, censoring libraries would be unconstitutional. In the preamble, we have the right to freedom of expression and of the press. Such offensive content is included in this right. I understand that additions can be made to specify what type of speech and press is appropriate, but how will officers monitor this. Not to mention all the jail space that would be needed for people smuggling inappropriate material to buyers. In short, censoring libraries is a bad idea in the areas of parenting, media economics, and our constitutional rights. By negatively affecting all of these areas, the consequences are much more influential than the benefits. Obviously, censorship is not the answer to offensive material
Let your mind wander to a place of peace and quiet. You are in a world of endless possibilities. On either side of you hides a vast collection of adventures and various anecdotes. You are in a library where each book holds the key to a door of knowledge and adventure. In search of your own adventure, you browse through each section in search of the one that's right for you. As you turn the corner, your eyes suddenly turn to books and magazines with provocative and inappropriate images that are plainly out in the open for anyone to look at. Quickly looking away from the unfortunate encounter of offensive images, you hurtle down the hallway to another section. You think how unnecessary those images were, now stuck in your mind. In most libraries you will find anything you are looking for that can be contained within the confines of a book. I believe that because libraries are used by everyone of all different ages, races and genders, some censorship should be implemented. Some of the content found in libraries should be censored due to a diverse group of people around the world with different views, opinions and mores. This censorship is @ CAPS1 reduced to inappropriate images, but also to religious, political and cultural innuendos. Censorship should be evident in all sections of the library. I think @ CAPS1 thinks that some books should necessarily be taken off the shelf due to a violation of the right to speak which also includes the written word. I do believe, however, that they should be separate and clearly marked to warn unwanted eyes and ears of the material in them. Libraries are one of the primary resources when researching, reading, or acquiring information and knowledge. Almost everyone has used, uses, or will use a library in their lifetime. This includes children and families. Children should @ CAPS1 experience, learn or be exposed to some of the content and material found in libraries. I think @ CAPS1 thinks books should be taken off the shelves, but put somewhere a child @ CAPS1 can find them. Children have rapidly developing minds and are sometimes defined by the images to which they are exposed. Something a child sees is remembered more often and more easily than if an adult saw it. This shows that it is good for a child @ CAPS1 to see such offensive things. Censorship, when it comes to moving books to a new location where a child can @ CAPS1 stumble upon, is the best bet. Another reason why I think the @ CAPS1 books should be deleted altogether, but instead taken somewhere else in the library, is because everyone has the right to express their opinions and feelings about a topic. In addition, others have the right to express their opinions towards the thoughts of others. Just because you find something offensive doesn't mean you have the right to take it away from someone. I think if a person wants so much of such things and feels the need to read about them, then they have the right and the choice to do so. However, people who do @ CAPS1 want to see this should also have the option of having it somewhere they meet it @ CAPS1. That is why @ CAPS1 books should be open to everyone, but placed in an isolated section. In conclusion, the best solution to dealing with offensive material found in libraries is to @ CAPS1 remove it completely, but separate it from everything else and allow exclusive access only to those who want it. Everyone should have the choice and the right to view or @ CAPS1 to view certain content that they may find offensive. In doing so, the library, I believe, will become a better environment for all who wish to access and use it. More people will use it and everyone will like the library.
No, I don't think you should remove anything from a library because someone thinks it's offensive. I believe that people have the right to read what they want and that authors have the right to write what they want. One of @ CAPS2's @ CAPS1 statements is @ CAPS5 speech giving people the right to say and express whatever they want. People shouldn't take anything out of libraries because libraries are designed to store things like books, magazines, music, and movies. If people would start taking these things away, then what good would a library be. If everything was taken out, no one would have a reason to go to a library. This brings up the @ CAPS1 of @ CAPS2. '' @ CAPS5 of speech '' means that people have the right to do whatever they want. if others find it offensive, then don't listen to it. Also @ CAPS5 expression allows people to do this. If people want to express themselves by reading it, they have that right. One of my personal experiences is that I love music, so do my two best friends. One of them goes to the library to find music and we both listen to it. He found these bands that I had never heard of and I really liked them. If anyone found them " offensive " I could never have heard how good they were. That's why I think people shouldn't go out of libraries. not only does it deny others something they might like, it destroys history as well. libraries will be around for a long time, and they store so much information that it would be a shame to deny future users the right to read these wonderful books that someone worked very hard to create.
In the libraries there is a bunch of books, music, movies, magazines, etc. to be discovered by the general public. This topic of censorship in libraries is difficult because everyone has different views on things in life. Some materials in libraries should not be removed from shelves if they are deemed offensive by someone. Being in a library, there is a lot of choice to see and check out. In a library, someone comes to discover a book or a film that they think is offensive. That someone should just look the other way because a library is for the general public. Seems to be hard about it, but it's not up to that person to decide whether the library material should or shouldn't be in this library. Materials that are offensive to people might be in a special place in the library to engage everyone. Libraries have the right to censor any type of material that seems or is offensive to the community. It's just if the community strongly agrees with their local libraries. If the whole community does not agree with a library about a certain material, then the community has a say. Yes, there are books in the libraries that are offensive to a group of people, but that does not mean removing that material from the library. Our country, @ LOCATION1, says everyone has the right to free speech. @ LOCATION1 @ LOCATION1 has banned offensive books for @ CAPS1, but other countries around @ LOCATION2 may have these books in their libraries. There is a thick line whether a certain type of material in a library is offensive or not. Someone shouldn't have the right if a book seems offensive to that person, but if the whole community says the book is offensive, then yes. Libraries and the community have the choice of not having an offensive book with them. If it's offensive to everyone, it should be off the shelf. Censorship is a difficult subject to grasp
No I don't think you should be able to take magazines off the shelves because it's useless, for some people @ MOIS1 find everything offensive and others @ MOIS1 don't find it offensive like me personally stuff people find offensive I find it rather humorous. And I understand how some people are more likely to be offended because of, for example, their sexuality or their ethnicity. But other than that there shouldn't be any censorship, it makes the place feel like the place that does is very strict and because of these strict policies some people are less inclined to go there to get what they want. they want and who knows what you @ MONTH1 want @ MONTH1 to be censored. And I understand that when you have a kid you don't want them to do the wrong things in life and try to keep them away from the wrong things for as long as possible. But as your kid gets older, he will be introduced to older / adult type material and you should give him a break and not punish him very badly when something like this happens. In my humble opinion, some parents are very strict on censorship and I fully understand the parents' point of view. Eventually, there are some things that people will have to let their kids find out, so you might as well let them see it at @ NUM1's age or so it seems like an appropriate age for first privilege. When it comes to removing items from a shelf, some people have worse judgment than others and it can affect everyone because of their poor judgment.
To imagine. A beautiful sunny day, sitting outside under a tree and reading one of your favorite books. Feel the wind in her hair and understand everything that is going on in the story. You read not only at home, but also at school. Just think about it, what if you couldn't read this book because it was offensive to someone else in your school ? How unfair it would be to allow anyone to read this book just for the sake of one person. This I could not imagine. In my school, teachers and other teachers always encourage children my age to read more often. Most of the teenagers are always busy participating in extracurricular events such as: orchestra, sports, theater, choir, etc. Few teenagers are able to be alone and read a good book, which is why I was so shocked to hear this strange news. Should books, magazines, etc. be taken off the shelves if they are offensive ? I don't think it would be a good decision. Children must be able to read what they want to read. As you probably know, not all children are the same. Some people like things @ MONTH1 others don't. For example, not all children like to eat corn. This also goes with reading. Not all children like to read romantic or action books. I love to read romantic and mysterious novels. Some novels, more than others, have a lot more graphic content like @ CAPS1. @ CAPS1 has a lot of fights in it. If a mother didn't want her son exposed to fighting, should we remove all @ CAPS1 movies, books and magazines from our libraries ? Another example would be the @ CAPS3 series. Some parents don't want their kids to read about vampires and werewolves. Shouldn't we be able to borrow or rent these films? I do not think so. Another reason I don't think we should take books and magazines out into our libraries is that not everyone is offended by the same thing. For example, @ ORGANIZATION2. Personally, my brother and I in my family have believed in @ LOCATION1 for many years. My cousins , however, do not teach their children @ ORGANIZATION2. If I take @ ORGANIZATION1 and read it to their children and they feel offended, should we get rid of @ ORGANIZATION1 ? The answer is no. Some families have a tradition. Just because a family doesn't want their children to know @ ORGANIZATION2 doesn't mean that everyone shouldn't have the satisfaction of reading or seeing a movie on @ ORGANIZATION2. So the final question is, are there any materials that need to be removed from the shelves if they are found to be offensive ? Can a person eliminate more than one book just because it is offensive to them ? I guess it all depends on your view of the situation. I don't think that shocking novels should be taken off the shelves because: children must have the choice of what they want to read, not everyone is going to think that the same book is shocking and finally because if we are gets rid of all the offending books; which books remain to be read
There are many books, types of music, movies, magazines, etc. that are deemed offensive to people. Should we delete them? It depends. If something is so inappropriate or offensive, it should be deleted. Today there are many books that teach or give the wrong message. If I see one, I just try to ignore it; I don't pick it up and read the spine or bring it home and read it. I know what I have the right and not the right to read. But does that mean I should take it off the shelf and throw it away because I'm not allowed to read it ? No. As much as I would like, just to prevent others from reading it, I cannot. It's sad that we have to worry about these things in the first place. I think the area where the most offensive things are is the movies. There are so many movies now that have inappropriate scenes: bad language, scary scenes, etc. Some films are also not rated appropriately. There is now a movie rated @ NUM1 and extremely spooky. I can't imagine watching this movie as a middle school student; I watched it in second grade and got scared. I never thought it would have been so bad because of his rating. Some children's films even contain inappropriate material; they may be hidden and the child does not understand, but he is still there. Why does he have to be there in the first place? Is it so important? No. Another area that is bad is video games. There are children who play them so much that they think only of killing, weapons and war. There are kids who think about these things so much that they start to think it's cool to point guns and knives at other kids. Some do it jokingly, but others don't. These things are dangerous and hurt people, mentally and even emotionally. You go to a grocery store or gas station and see magazines with inappropriate things on them. No child should see these things, but if they are there, anyone will be watching. Different kinds of music @ MONTH1 even send bad messages. There are radio stations that with some songs beeping like drugs and alcohol but with other songs that have swear words keep them there. I don't really understand this. Yes, drugs and alcohol are bad, but why isn't that a bad word? Say that the words drugs or alcohol are not bad. This stuff is very offensive to people. But is there really something they can do? Not really. We all have our opinions and we can say what we think, but sometimes we don't get what we always want. There's really nothing we can do about it. Others think it's okay to watch, listen, and read this stuff, but with the things we read, watch, list on a regular basis, that's what we think about. If you put bad things on your mind, that's all you'll start to think about and it will become a part of your life.
I believe people have a right to know and learn things even though they are deemed offensive, the reason I say this is if one person finds it offensive it does not mean that another person might. think. If people think that a movie from the end of @ NUM1 on @ ORGANIZATION1 that is being used for educational purposes is racist, then they just have to grow up and go back to school for that sort of thing. Just because some people think a book with vulgar language is offensive, they should know that more than half of the books in the world contain profanity and just because it does, it doesn't mean they should be removed from the library shelves. I had my own encounters with books that I found offensive, there was a book I was reading in my new year of high school and there were people that were a part of @ PERSON2 and they had meetings and a guy was said he hated niggers and picked one for tonight and was going to lynch them with the nuse they made the night before and it really hurt me because I have someone 'one in my family who is black and think of someone doing that for him that would break my heart and I would probably go find the people who made it and kill them. In the quote which was written by Katherine Paterson, she explained that if she has the right to take a book down then we do it and if we do there will be no more books left for us on the shelf that is. is a great way to say that almost every book we have contains something volger and if we were to take all of them out there would be none left. If there was the possibility that all the books would be taken from us, then there would be a huge uprising and everything would go down the hill there, because there are people who cannot go a day without reading a part. of their book and some people spent three hours reading an ounce a day. What I'm trying to say is that there is no way we can get rid of our books today that contain volger language or something offensive because if we tried to do that, we take all the books in the world and no one would make him learn anything
The question is, should we censor material in libraries if it is offensive ? In my opinion, I don't think they should censor the material. Some things that we read, see and hear are going to be offensive and we cannot control everything that offends us. I agree that people have freedom of speech, but not on everything. People need to stop reacting to something that could have been said @ DATE1. Some things just have to be left in the past and kept there. For example, some @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 are still upset with slavery, and this happened during a @ NUM1 @ DATE1 @ DATE1. Censoring certain things means that people will not learn from the mistakes of our past. We must stop all of this on protection in our libraries all places. Children need to know what happened in our past to see what they can change in our future. Why? Why is my only question why people want to censor material in libraries. Are they trying to prevent their children from seeing it or are they just for their own selfish reasons? My conclusion is that they shouldn't censor material for offending someone. I have been offended by a lot of things that I have read, but I am not trying to get them to censor or remove them from where I read them. Sometimes you just have to deal with things you don't like or don't agree with.
In my opinion, I believe that if the sole purpose of it is to read it, then it should be in a library. Magazines, comics, books, music, and movies should be 100 percent accessible through a library, mainly because many people can learn a lot of different things in different ways, such as visual learners, which are people who learn best by watching and observing the subject. Listeners who are people who prefer to have something read to them instead of trying to read it themselves. And finally, the readers, who can do all of the above and read! I know not everyone can read, but maybe visiting a library every now and then would help. but for that to happen, this library must have something more than things to read because many illiterate citizens have to work to become able to read. I hope to understand it through my point of view. All I try to do is make sure that everyone has a chance to learn to read because being able to read opens up a lot of possibilities but some people have not yet reached the stage of reading. reading. Why not start learning in a nice, calm and relaxing city library
There are so many reasons why taking a book, movie, or anything else off the shelves is wrong. If it's violent or sexual, I can see why it shouldn't be on the shelves, but if the reader doesn't like the book or movie, then don't read or watch it to find something else. If everyone took a book from the shelf that they didn't like, then what would we have to read because everyone has a book or two that they don't like or think they are? offensive. Not every book can be perfect for this person. Everyone has their own take on books, whether they like it or not. If this book isn't what you're looking for, put it back and stop reading it. There have been a lot of people who have said "If you don't like it, then don't listen to it". They are absolutely right because if there is something that you can't stand to listen or read and you do it anyway, it's going to drive you crazy. Then you're going to complain that it's on the shelves and say it's bad and shouldn't be on the shelves anymore. That's what sets off all these things of people saying it's offensive. People know what they like and what they don't like, so if there's something you don't like, don't listen to it or read it. It all comes down to common sense. We all have it, we just need to start using it. This means if you like country music then don't listen to hard rock or rap because it's not what you like then don't listen to it. Because if you listen to it then you wonder why this stuff is on the shelves for people to listen to, it's bad for you, it puts bad thoughts in the heads of these teens. If everyone just sticks to doing what they love and don't care about other things, they'll be fine.
History has to repeat itself, doesn't it? Well we have to make sure this is a great opportunity to secure our future @ LOCATION2. By censoring items on certain shelves, it's like when your mom makes you leave the kitchen so you don't get burned. It's just a way to protect the minds of the younger ones, who are like little sponges soaking up everything they see or hear. The effects of what @ MONTH1 is coming from are far worse than making an adult have to reach a bit high level for the book they want to read. Making only certain content available to young children and adolescents is one way to prevent the same protests against racism, poverty, killings and the religions of the past. The @ ORGANIZATION1 prides itself on the fact that children are the future, well, why not make the effort to prevent them from seeing what they see or read ? I wish that when I was younger a lot of people were trying to quit causes like teenage pregnancy, drugs, alcohol, and abuse. But, there wasn't, there was a thirteen year old girl in my class who got pregnant. She thought it was cool, because she had read it in a book. This book she was reading was not hers, it was her mothers and she left it on the table to take it back to the library. His mother forgot and @ PERSON2 read this book. She told a group of friends and me about it. @ PERSON2 said the book explained what the guys wanted. She did it because of a made-up story her mother looked at in a library. This story makes me think about why they should put the books on a different or higher shelf. I have two younger sisters who already have to worry about being harassed; because of their clothes, their religion, because they only listen to certain music. They should be able to go to school and not worry about the book they pick up @ MONTH1 from the library. My sisters are the inspiration for me to make the world we live in a better place, well so is my brother. But, what I'm saying is they should live up to other people's expectations, or whatever is cool. By censoring what children read or listen to, this is one way of making children of them. When they watch magazines or listen to music, they are having discussions that could affect the rest of their life. Just like @ ORGANIZATION2 released a new song. The lyrics are inappropriate for many young children, but you can search for them on youtube. The lyrics of many songs or singles that have just been released are breathtaking. These songs show us why children have children or take drugs. Everything is caused by what they see or hear around them. Our country has hit an economic low, and that is because young people do not take life seriously. I think if we could focus on the factors at play, such as censorship, we @ MONTH1 are accomplishing something that no one else has done. Show the world that the youth of @ LOCATION2 is the future, and it looks pretty bright. We should all be proud of what children learn better, act better and most importantly make their dreams come true. If we have more students reading stuff like “@ LOCATION1 or To @ CAPS1 a @ CAPS2” and we like them, it would show that their dreams can come true, fiction or non-fiction. It doesn't matter as long as you read something that doesn't prevent your mind from growing and developing fully. Lots of young women in my second grade read "The @ CAPS3 Series" and loved it, which made them read other books on vamipers. It shows that we can read stimulating things and not just to make us act like revelers who party all the time or go to jail. By looking at these magazines or reading books about these people, teens think that everyone is doing it. To tell you the truth, more and more people are not doing this and have found other ways to keep busy. We say to ourselves whether the future is good or bad, why not make the choice easier by eliminating those we would choose for ourselves at the age of children picking up books or reading magazines; about @ PERSON1 who just drove with her baby on her lap. What choice do you choose for your life? In my personal opinion, I think kids and adults should have separate TV shows, magazines, and books. We want children to grow up without the lies that everyone else lives this way. These are the reasons and more why censorship in libraries would help reduce the impact of lies on children. To add one last thing, would you tell a five year old everything you know if you knew they would remember every word ? I don't think I want them to mature so quickly, otherwise what's the point of life, or school. To go and learn what you already know
I think censorship should be allowed and libraries because a lot of people have different opinions about what kind of books they like and should read. I don't think people should drop books or any kind of material just because of their dislike. researching different types of materials can lead you to look for the right information. I think if you limit books and libraries you will have fewer resources to help you with the information you are trying to receive. A lot of people have a hard time if the information they are used to is not there and the local libraries. Libraries should be able to find all the books, music, movies and magazines they don't need and need.
Books and movies are a way for many people to use their imaginations and creativity. Taking certain books off the shelves @ MONTH1 has a negative effect on people. Some books, music, movies, and magazines aren't always as bad as some people think. People have different views on what's good and what's bad, so you can't really take certain books out because, as Katherine Paterson put it, “ ... books on the shelves for any of us. " We need to let every book on the shelves. Using my own observations, reading, and experience, I will prove to you that we need these books on our shelves. First, I watch young children pull so many books off the shelves and maybe they aren't the best for them. I believe that watching them helps them grow. Being a young child you are curious and they must be able to look at just about anything. Honestly, if it's really that bad for you, they won't remember it the next day. Personally, I think that by seeing what we call " bad things " they will not want to look again and will help them learn right from wrong. Second, I've seen a lot of magazines, read a lot of books, and watched a lot of movies that I probably shouldn't have. I feel like seeing and reading these things made me a better person not to do the “ bad things ” that they do. I've read books about slavery and war and it just wants me to make the world a better place. Knowing that kids younger than me read and see all of this negativity in this world doesn't always put me on the spot to say " keep it all on the shelves, " but I also believe children will know between right and wrong. Finally, I have seen children and young adults abuse the library and get movies they shouldn't watch, which would cause a lot of people to take certain books off the shelves. Some books should be kept away from young children, but not from everyone. We older and wiser adults need to realize that all is not bad, yes bad for our young people but maybe not for someone else. A family member is a photographer and he watches magazines and nude movies to help him in his career. Not all nude movies and magazines are abused, and everyone should be aware of that. Overall, I understand removing some books, magazines, and movies, but we can't. I don't believe that a certain book is offensive to everyone, just to certain people. Different people need books and movies for different things, and not all of them are used for evil. We must all come together to keep certain books out of the reach of young people, so that books and films are not abused. Hopefully everyone keeps every book on the shelves. Again, as Katherine Paterson put it, " ... So we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us, " if we take them out.
In this article, I will talk about how libraries detect their books. I will hit points on my thoughts on the subject. But also give my take on the books that are on these shelves. Also on how libraries should handle this issue by pre-detecting books on the shelves. I'll try to give details as to why it doesn't or if it needs to be taken off the market. I think some documents shouldn't be a problem if librarians can monitor what they read more closely. But it can be stopped by just looking at the review and seeing if it's a good enough book for your child to read. This can be a problem in some ways if children are exposed to what material they are reading. But some children may take some of these things wrong when reading an adult-type book. But you just can't move through these books, you have to watch what they read. Some of the ways they deal with this problem can get a little extreme. If you pick up a book from a shelf, what is the older person going to read? You can't do this because if some other person wants this book and they can't have it. But what you can do is create a special section for those types of books that young children won't get. I think it can help solve the problem. I think they could pre-capture those books as well. It will help explain things in a way that they can understand. Plus, it can improve the way people think about their books. But also they print two copies, one for a more mature audience and one for a younger audience. If they did, it would make an improvement so that younger people can take this information like a mature person does and say it's not real life. In the conclusion of @ CAPS1, I feel like I'm neutral on the subject. I think it's a bad thing to have them on the shelf of a library. But I think it can be avoided in the way libraries run it. It is enough to keep a closer watch on the young audience. Also to try to pre-capture them to make them more user-friendly for young audiences
Censorship in Libraries The library presents many different things for the community to entertain. It is a wide variety of entertainment such as: love movies, adventure novels, dramatic music, comedy magazines and many more. Yet there are some who have things that are inappropriate. I believe that all things in libraries that contain inappropriate stuff should be censored or removed from public view. If done, it will benefit our children's moral beliefs, the library's family image, and save money for better things. Our children are the most important things to us. They are the future of our country and our world. They are the ones who will run our country. We teach our children from an early age about our moral beliefs. Yet, if they start to see or read inappropriate things that they can find in a library, then their moral outlook will change. They will think that the things they see are good in society because it is in a library. If the library, which is considered one of the most educational places, has bad things, then the image of the library will also be considered bad and dirty. The library needs to censor bad things to make their self-image look good. Many parents won't want to take their kids to the library if they know there may be a death and murder magazine on the shelves. The library would also save a lot of money if it censored the things it owns. Lots of pornographic things they cost a lot of money. Usually, if they buy movies that aren't censored, it costs more. If they buy things that are appropriate, they would benefit greatly. They could use that money and buy better and cheaper books. The library is a very important part of its community. We need it in our lives and in the lives of our children too, but we will not take our children if we know that things there are not good for them. This is why the library needs to censor inappropriate things so that parents feel safe when they visit the library. The library is a fun place to go, and it would be even better if everything was good and not bad there
Some books, magazines, or even music contain a mature or graphic nature. Music will always have ratings, just like movies. They do not need to be removed from a library unless it is an elementary school. Most of the language arts are sorted in the library in an orderly fashion, so that younger people will only buy books of their age or artwork of their choice. The music always contains warnings for the evaluation of the book. a child should never buy an adult-level book. books, movies and music are all the same. they are made for certain types of audiences. If a film is rated @ CAPS1, it is intended for audiences eighteen years of age or older. They are distributed throughout the library for children, adults and adolescents. Children just need to stay their own age. If there is an adult or graphic book in a children's library, it should cause a conflict. any parent would agree with this statement. The only way these mature arts can be shared without conflict is through public libraries. public libraries divided to connect with all age groups
Keep or delete ? Every year more and more books of importance to literature are pulled from the shelves of our local libraries and classrooms. And while these @ MONTH1 books contain writings that are offensive now, they have still shaped @ CAPS1 culture today. In addition to books, many films and magazines are also taken off the shelves due to shocking content. Just because some of these @ MONTH1 documents contain offensive content doesn't mean people have the right to take them out of reach and deprive the public of what they value. So is it fair to remove offensive material from libraries ? Absolutely not. Many people love books, magazines, and movies of this nature. In reality, this more than likely interferes with library operations, as this type of material is the very essence of @ CAPS1 culture. People don't want to read what's going on at the animal shelter across the street. They want to know more about what's going on at @ LOCATION1 and the hottest trends of the seasons. Overall, removing these materials will only hurt the popularity of the library and the number of customers it attracts. Artists write about what they like and what they feel. How can you tell the author of a book that their writing is too graphic or too offensive ? This is what he or she chose to write! This is how he expresses himself through his writing! By "disapproving" of books, magazines, or songs with certain offensive content, officials diminish the creativity and uniqueness of the authors. If a certain author or artist has a really great and original idea for a new song or book, but is worried that it won't be carried by libraries because it's a little offensive, then obviously this author or artist will not write this book. or song. By removing offensive books, songs, and movies, we, the public, are deprived of creative and imaginative writing. Overall, the removal of offensive books, magazines, movies and songs is damaging to the public and to the libraries themselves. The @ MONTH1 generations have never even heard of “@ PERSON1's @ CAPS2” just because it uses racial terms. So what would you do if you got yourself into this situation? Keep or delete ?
In this persuasive essay, he will talk about the content of should we or shouldn't we remove all offensive books, music, movies, magazines from the shelf. In this essay, everyone will either agree with the content or be on the opposite side of the argument. In this essay, it is not the exception that this essay will disagree with some of the viewers; however, there are situations in which the public can go both ways. To begin with, in the matter, should or should we not remove the offending books, music, magazines, or movies from the library. I don't think all of the content needs to be removed for everyone to see. In some cases there is an exception, but grouping all the hardware together doesn't make sense. From my point of view the removal of material seems a little extreme to me; however, putting the contents in a higher shelf seems more practical rather than removing them permanently. Yes, it can be offensive, but during this time, movies, books, magazines, books, etc. offenders look more comical and are not taken seriously. For example, a really offensive show called “ @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 ” is really offensive and people just consider it to be entertaining. This spectacle can be offensive to anyone, but yet we always see it. In this show, there is a warning label indicating that it should only be seen by children @ NUM1 and up. Parents are advice and should recognize what their children are seeing. It is not the creator of the content to be banned, but it is the job of parents to be aware that their children are reading, watching, watching or listening, not them. In which case there is no way to be right on this subject. However, the creators of the content see it as a way to let off steam on their lives, their experiences and the outlooks they've had to deal with or just to make people laugh. They see it as a sure way to express themselves. It may offend you, but for some people, that's life. You may not like it or @ MONTH1 will feel harsh, but this is real life. Second, there's always something @ MONTH1 offends you, but it doesn't make sense to ban it. An example could be religion. Any religion that a person might be that might offend you. This does not mean that if the religious offensive will be banned or suppressed for everyone. Your religion @ MONTH1 offends someone, but they care and accept differences. If your friends have a different religion, that doesn't mean you'll never talk to them again. Third, you might express yourself and there will be people who disagree with you. You can create a book, song, or movie that will offend someone in some way. For example, the @ CAPS3 series is offensive to some boys and girls. A disagreement between two girls arguing over which character is best for @ CAPS4. There is always an opposing camp. An @ CAPS2 might be tempted to hear about @ CAPS5 all the time and might find it offensive when a girl @ MONTH1 compares it to @ CAPS6 or @ PERSON1. Say why can't boys be like them, but even then they don't remove all @ CAPS3 together. To you, this may seem like the greatest movie of all time, or the most terrible movie in the universe. Fourth, another example is a @ CAPS8 show titled '@ CAPS9 @ CAPS10 @ CAPS11 @ CAPS12' (queen of the south) where a woman who initially had nothing but ended up being the most wanted in some countries. Some people @ MONTH1 seem like it would be cool to be like her. It doesn't seem like people are going out there and doing what she's doing on the TV show showing all the consequences if you do what she did. This show is an example of what could happen if you were to become exactly like her. Some offensive @ MONTH1 content teaches a lesson and may prevent someone from doing something @ MONTH1 will later regret. In conclusion, everything in our life offends us in one way or another. It doesn't matter what we deal with it and our life goes on. There is no way you can see it, but something you like can be offensive to others. It wouldn't seem fair to take something you like just because it offended someone. So I think library censorship is not in danger. In my opinion, everyone has the freedom to choose what they want to read, watch or even listen to. And also have the choice to stop reading it, watching it or listening to it
My take is that if it is offensive to someone or other people, some material should not be taken off the shelf. I think you should have permission from a parent or guardian if the material is explicit. For example in a store where you buy CDs, games ect ... you have to be of legal age to buy the material which should be the same with the books. Suppose a book has a certain word like “ @ CAPS1 ”, it shouldn't be taken off the shelves just because of the name. This brings up the topic don't judge a book by its cover. Just because the name isn't up to someone's standard, it shouldn't matter. Pick up the book, read the back and see what it really is. Then, if that's what you expected, talk to a manager and explain to them what the problem is in your case. Plus, you can always have an adult-only section of the store or library. It sounds silly @ MONTH, but it can actually help a lot. There are tons of books that contain stuff that is not suitable for children. Like love books, they speak of love and passion in a way that is very inappropriate for children. If there was a section of a store or library, it might help keep these things out of the minds of your kids or other kids. You or someone else wouldn't have to worry about the kids picking up some material that you wouldn't want them to see. Keep this in mind the next time you're in a library and see something you wouldn't want your kids to see.
Censorship is a very sensitive subject. Everyone faces censorship, whether directly or indirectly. There have been numerous complaints and arguments involving the government regarding acts of censorship in the past. If censorship were the same for everyone, there would be nothing in the world to censor. Censorship is a major subject when it comes to books, newspaper articles, films and other literary subjects. The writer or director should be able to create an interesting topic or storyline while keeping it appropriate for most audiences. If everyone were to censor a piece of literature or a movie that offends them in some way, then everything in life would be censored in one way or another. Either way, there will always be a certain situation that a person in the world will be offended. Censorship is wrong, especially in @ LOCATION1 ; the citizens of @ LOCATION1 enjoy freedom of expression and freedom of the press. With an understanding of these fundamental freedoms, one might think that censorship is against the law given that it is one of the five fundamental freedoms granted to citizens of @ LOCATION1. Censorship is bad because it violates at least two of the five fundamental freedoms granted to all citizens of @ LOCATION1. There should be absolutely no censorship when it comes to books, films and newspaper articles, as they all deal with freedom of speech or freedom of the press. If the act of censorship starts to spread, everything we know today will be censored in one way or another just because someone would find it offensive. Some citizens @ MONTH1 argue that censorship is a positive thing because it filters out all the inappropriate, offensive and derogatory language and situations of the youth of our country, but from a teenager's point of view, children will discover such situations and l use of language regardless of. There is no point in hiding the truth from anyone, because it doesn't matter what they end up finding out. We need to push for less censorship in @ LOCATION1, because if we are to retain our five basic living freedoms granted to us by the First Amendment then we need to fight censorship and remove it completely from our society.
Libraries around the world may have a book or two that @ MONTH1 is offensive to a reader. I have yet to find any offensive book for my reading. Some people might think that music, movies, magazines, etc. should be taken off the shelves in the library. But some people are against it, like me. It will take more than one person to remove music, magazines, etc. from the library. The music in the library is good because you can't find old music like @ DATE1 in a music store. If someone finds the music offensive in the library, it might be because they don't know the story where the music came from or what the artist went through. Say, for example, the person is offended by hip hop music. I'm sure there is a book for it and the person can research where the music is coming from. Maybe then they wouldn't be so offended. The magazines in the library are really for people who love media. There are so many magazines that have interesting facts about what's going on or what's going to happen. For example, @ ORGANIZATION1 contains all the most recent events or something important that has happened, just in this one @ ORGANIZATION1. Then there are the ads, how would people get money if they didn't put it in an @ ORGANIZATION1 so people could buy their product. Otherwise, no one would buy the products. The films in the library are intended for teachers to show students. Half the stuff in the library, you can find it at blockbuster or walmart. This is because the library has old movies and current events that happened years ago. They may even have a movie to accompany the book the reader has read, but some people are more visual with the movie. So they read books. Overall, I hope that music, magazines, and movies stay on library shelves and don't change the way the library does things. Some books may have already hit the shelves and people have complained or been offended. So it's already too late for that. But it will take more than one person to be against it. So this is my take on getting music, magazines and movies out of the library
I believe everyone has their own appioin on what is appropriate and what is not. You can't @ CAPS4 just load a few people up and ask their opinion because everyone is different, we all have a right to know about books and what the author really wants us to learn about or about it. Like I said, everyone is different if you @ CAPS6 don't want your @ CAPS1 to read it, tell your @ CAPS1 why and explain it to them. @ CAPS6 does not hurt the rest of @ CAPS1. I believe some parents need to look at our ansatre out there even out loud to have dreams and thoughts. Why would we want our @ CAPS1 to go and throw the same thing they owed, @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 everyone would have the right to watch to read listen to what makes them happy, so what if I have the language of volger in it, get over it or @ CAPS6 doesn't listen to everything. Would you like someone to tell you that your life story, for example, was lousy and didn't like the way you put it. This is how you speak because this is the story of your life. The way I see it is to let our kids in this generation learn all they can about the bad things so that they can stay away and also let them know about the good things in life so that they don't. don't always be afraid. Let the children read what they want to read. So what they curse, tell your @ CAPS1 that's bad language. @ CAPS6 doesn't get rid of good movie music books. (@ CAPS3 :) @ CAPS4 because the author has a different outlook on life than you do. Open your @ CAPS5, @ CAPS6 don't be so superficial
If you are sitting in the library and busy doing your homework and studying for an exam next hour, I wouldn't thank you, want to get messed up. Would you like? Well, I'll explain what I think about everything in libraries. Like some things we should have in them and some things we shouldn't. I think you shouldn't have any issues with noise or anything while you're trying to study in a library. There are things in the world today that many people find offensive. These are people who are offensive and the things that are happening in our and your area where you live are really offensive. When it comes to our libraries, there are some things that need to be changed and some that don't need to be disturbed. There are books that some children shouldn't see in libraries, but for others, dust mites appreciate them. But I don't believe they should be taken off the shelf. They just need to be better placed where smaller children can't easily go. You wouldn't want certain books to be taken off the shelves because someone thought they weren't good for kids. They just need to be moved to a shelf where only older children can access. When I study, I like to listen to music. It helps me think about what I'm going to and calm me down. But when I'm not playing my music, I don't like it when others are there to make noise. This is something that needs to be changed in libraries. Some films are seriously offensive and should be taken off the shelves. Another thing that has been a problem is the magazines. There are a lot of all kinds of magazines with all kinds of stuff to read and they have to be looked at. I believe if something is offensive it should be taken off the shelf. Some people panic every time and this world is offensive and people have to think of others. If they don't, someone takes it the wrong way and it might go wrong
I do not agree with certain documents, books, films or magazines being removed from library shelves which are offensive to some. There are three reasons why I am discussing this topic. One of the reasons is that books, music, etc. that are inappropriate should not be in a section where a child would pick up a book. A second reason is that for a child to remove a book and the book to be inappropriate, he must have an ID to show that he is of legal age. The third reason I think this stuff should stay on the shelves is because adults have books, movies, music, etc. for them for many reasons. There shouldn't be anything inappropriate in a library that a child can find. A child should only have appropriate things that he can grasp so that parents don't have to worry about the things they hear, see or read. There are some libraries that allow a child to get a magazine or a book, and allow him or her to view the book or magazine. This is where the problem begins. All libraries should identify each child when they buy a book, magazine or music. this is why movies are categorized, so that a parent can know what kind of movie they are going to watch. A parent should keep a close eye on what their child is reading or seeing. I think inappropriate things should stay on the shelves, but I also think they should stay in the adult section of the library. Children should not be able to go in the adults only section. Inappropriate things on the shelves could be helpful for adults in some cases. There are materials that an adult @ MONTH1 needs to help with life. In conclusion, children should not be able to get hold of inappropriate material in a library, all libraries should identify someone with inappropriate material, and adults should be able to have such material on library shelves.
If you were an author, would you think it would be fair for someone to take your creation off the shelves because it offended someone? In my opinion, I think there are references, regarding movies, books, music, magazines, and more that are inappropriate. However, I think no one should have the right to take them off the shelves because they are offended. If everyone had the right to take something off a shelf because it offends them, we wouldn't have anything. In my mind, anything could be offensive to someone. For example, I read a book and they stereotyped cheerleaders like everyone else. The way they do all cheerleaders is horrible. Considering I've been a great cheerleader my whole life, I got a little offended because I didn't follow the way the book described them at all. After reading the book, I might not have liked it, but it was my choice to read it. I wasn't going to go back @ MONTH1 to the bookstore and ask them to take it off the market because I, one person, didn't like it. My philosophy would be to just ignore the things you don't like, or not to buy the item if it offends you. I know that the age of the target audience of certain books or films is not always the only one who meets them. For example, a child who comes across a movie that includes inappropriate languages or scenes. This is when I say just keep walking and only pay attention to the materials that are right for you. Or parents, censor what your children see, hear and read. Also, I don't think it's fair that someone's artwork, be it music, a book, a magazine, or a movie, be removed from the exhibition or from the shelf. These writers or creators worked as hard as anyone else. Just because it doesn't suit one person doesn't mean it doesn't suit someone else. In conclusion, I don't think it's fair that items are taken off the market because a few people don't like it. I'm sure there is someone who will appreciate it. It wouldn't be fair to the artist after all of their time and work. Everything on the market could possibly offend at least a few people in some way or another, but welcome to the real world. They just need to learn to deal with it, or ignore it like I do.
Without books, we wouldn't all know what we know now. It's like saying heartlessly that your body will always function. Today's books basically tell you about real life things that happen or can happen if you do something about it. Personally, books are made for a reason, whether some people like it or not. Books help you better understand many things that someone else @ MONTH1 doesn't know and / or doesn't understand. The same goes for music, movies and magazines. I clearly understand where some parents, guardians, and caregivers are coming from, but they need to realize that whatever they think is bad for our society today is really helping the next person. Someone else thinks differently than them. Books are also another way to learn, not all of them are bad for the youngest or anyone @ MONTH1 to be. They also help you understand a lot better. I'm not just going to say that books are the main problem for most people, but there are movies, music, and magazines. But some tell you what age it is suitable for. For movies, they tell you things like '@ NUM1, @ CAPS1' and stuff like that. Also for the music all you have to do is watch the songs on the back or they have them with or without anything bad on them. Magazines have many varieties of things for all ages and you choose the ones you want for yourself or your child. It's not all bad, it's what you think is right for your kid or whoever @ MONTH1 is. You cannot blame other people for what they think should be heard or said to some. You have to think outside the box and know that there are people out there who really need to hear, see and / or do. Just to improve as an individual. People are so quick to judge the next one but really aren't trying to figure out that everyone needs help and it's not because your life or anything @ MONTH1 seems to be going right direction at that time that someone else cannot change. These things are there for a reason if you don't like it try a better way to get away from it. Without these things in our life, I can truly see this world falling apart. We barely understand what some books, music, movies, and magazines are all about, so just try to imagine it all being blown away. It's not a pretty site, accept the things we have now and use them to the best of your ability. They are all there for a reason.
Materials that are offensive to some people in my opinion should not be taken off the shelves. If some people are offended by materials, they should not pay attention to it. If everyone paid attention to overly offensive entertainment, whatever it was, people would be upset all the time. There is a lot that people see, hear and read about @ MONTH1 to be offensive. Don't take everything seriously, most of these offensive things @ MOIS1 are just a joke or just someone trying to get attention. When you sit down and think about it, most TV shows you would watch every day @ MONTH1 have at least one moment that says something offensive. For example, I watch a TV show some nights that says something racist about @ CAPS1- @ CAPS2. I don't pay any attention to the show because I know it's a show that they're just trying to get more viewership. So when that really does happen, I'll be watching the same show again the next night. What if some of our most historic peoples had listened to everything everyone said about them. So our black culture and history would not be so “@ CAPS3” today. I probably wouldn't be able to pass this test that I'm doing right now. So don't take everything so seriously, everyone has a certain type of humor. If we took away everything that was offensive today. Some of your favorite actors and singers wouldn't be the famous actors or singers you love and respect today. Not all of the Grammy and awards shows we watch on TV would be themselves. There are all kinds of different genres of music. Some of the words used by different artists would be offensive, but they still release those same songs because they are just words. My conclusion is that anything and anyone can be offended or offensive. People don't take everything seriously because maybe it's just a joke or some ignorant person that needs attention. When I was younger my mom always said 'sticks and stones @ MONTH1 break your bones but words only make you'. So don't take it all seriously I mean it's only the media tell me who takes it seriously
Dear @ CAPS1, the things we learn at such a young age really need to be changed. This would really help the socity. Here are a few ways how. All books are different. Some @ MONTH1 have offensive language. If the books have offensive language, you don't have to read it aloud. You can always substitute other words for these or just ignore them as if nothing had happened. Some books there say sexual things that @ MONTH1 offend a certain race of a certain type or gender. If the books are sexual for your age group, I recommend choosing a new book. But it doesn't matter how you look at it. It could still be a lot worse than it is. The music has to be some censorship on it. When you listen to the radio, a CD or an iPod. You can't always censor this. radio companies have to do a better job of censoring songs. A lot of young teens think it's cool to use bad language. Movies have different ratings for different age groups. I'm sure no one would let a two year old watch a movie rated @ CAPS2. This kid would have nightmares for a week. so censorship would really help parents pick the right movie for the family night out instead of picking one they have no idea about. Magazines are just gossip. Most magazines just talk about bad in people or good in them. Some say that children are like sponges. Whatever the child hears, he will repeat it. Whatever a child sees, he will try to repeat it. So everything a child reads or watches will likely be the same. Things need a little bit of censorship. If we didn't have that, it would be hard to say what the world would look like. The world would be full of people with no motivation and if we took things away the world would have nothing to do. I know when I was little I heard something on the radio and thought it was cool to say. My parents wouldn't know what to do with me. I know that as an adult I wouldn't want my children to learn what I did at such a young age.
No, I don't think that should happen, that would be silly and I'm sure a lot of people won't agree with this. one of the reasons is that adults like it all. What if they did that because kids keep caring about them. so just get a door that says @ NUM1 and older and install cameras. If parents of children are complaining, you can at least say that everything is in one room and that there are no children out loud. This shouldn't be a big deal if you're a kid, you'll need to be with you all the time when you grow up. So you might as well get used to it. it's a big deal if you curse all the time, but most kids know better and know not to do bad things. when i was growing up i was around it all and i think it went well
Dear @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ MONTH1 @ CAPS3, I am a student of @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5 @ CAPS6 @ CAPS7, I think some materials such as books. music, movies, magazines, etc. should be taken off the shelves if they are found to be offensive as some students read books daily and reading also keeps some students out of trouble. The @ CAPS8 I'm saying it's because if you find a book you could be interesting in the book and you could share @ CAPS2 with your younger sisters or brothers to keep them from doing the wrong things. Additionally, some books that are offensive teach students not to do the things they see in the book. Some books that are offensive show how people who do bad things have to pay a price and people can learn from the mistakes of others. Some books that are offensive show people what to do and what not to do so that you don't have to pay that cost by doing something wrong. Also, the music can be offensive due to the curse some songs have in @ CAPS2. Music is sometimes good to listen to because the songs speak and act a certain way. The offending part about music is that some music is quiet music and @ CAPS2 keeps you motivated inside and some music has bad vibes for @ CAPS2 and can make you do bad things. Most of the time, music can make you happy, and you can understand a lot of things in life just by listening to music. Music is a description of life, which means life is full of offensive things, but you have to be very egotistical to understand. Some movies can also be offensive due to the actions in the movies. Movies are enjoyable, and you can relate to certain movies in your own way as well. Sometimes movies can be really interesting because of the action and drama they contain. The titles of the movie can be offensive as well, but that doesn't mean the movie is a bad fit for the story. Magazines can also be offensive because of the material in the magazine. Some magazines show appropriate things that children and adults can relate to. There are also different things like activities and things for family and friends. Many magazines are different in their own way @ CAPS2 depends on the cover and who created the magazine. Some things are good with magazines because they show you posters of some of the super stars in the music career. There are a lot of things that can be offensive in the world, but you have to learn to let go of the negative things in life. Plus, not all things are offensive because you can relate to some of the books and music that we are here these days. The most important thing is that you don't have to listen to what magazines and movies tell you because you have your own mind. People don't listen to what books etc. go on because some of the things they are talking about are fake news. This is why I say @ CAPS7, I think there are some materials that need to be taken off the shelves if they are found to be offensive. Sincerely, @ ORGANIZATION1
It shouldn't be allowed to take literature off a shelf just because you think about it. Everyone has different ideas and opinions about what is appropriate and what is not. If you don't like a certain book or don't want your kids to read that book, don't take them to the library in the first place. In a public library, you have to be old enough to buy a library card to view a book, so if you're old enough to have a library card, you obviously won't find a book inappropriate for your age. You @ MONTH1 find a book that is immature for you, but you don't have to read it. Both men and women go to public libraries to learn. If you want to find out more about something that is offensive, you won't be able to do it if someone shows up and doesn't approve of the book. Is it right? You tell me. In a school library, yes, there should be a limit to what children can and cannot read. In a junior high school, the standards should be different from an elementary school or senior high school. In an elementary school, children are required to read as part of their studies, but they are not old enough to want to know more about something offensive, so they will not need these kinds of books in their school. library. In a middle school there should be a limit to the offensive, but students always have the right to know what is going on around them. In a high school, students should be allowed to read any type of book they want. Magazines are another topic. Often in magazines there are advertisements for smoking products or alcoholic beverages. These types of magazines should not be readable in a school library. In a public library, a person should have the right to read whatever he wants. At the end of the day, I'm saying adults and teens have the right to learn whatever they want, but children should be young and innocent while they can. You can't protect them from advertisements and the people themselves advertising these things, but what you can prevent you should. No one wants their kids to grow up too fast, but don't limit their growth.
All over the world, people think differently about music, books and movies. Some believe that books and music should have different ratings. Some people think a song should be rated “ @ CAPS1 ” for mature while others might think it shouldn't be rated at all. Level assessment prevents young children from buying something they are not mature enough for. Level assessments help parents know what the kids are getting into. If everyone could put out a book or a magazine, etc., then there would be no more books. This is why we have maturity levels on the material. Levels are letters, such as '@ CAPS1' for mature. '@ CAPS1' means there will likely be some nude and sexual play in the video or song. With that on them, he warns the parent so that if he doesn't want his child to listen to him, he can take it away. This gives the parent some control over what the children can see and hear. Stores will not allow children under @ NUM1 to purchase a movie rated @ CAPS4. Rated @ CAPS4 stands for sex act, language and blood. It can represent more such things as drugs. I'm glad my nine year old can't buy a movie rated @ CAPS4, but the law says a @ NUM1 year old kid should be out loud to watch it then he says he should be mature enough to see or hear it. We should be happy that we can have some control over what children watch and listen to as well. We could try to get rid of all the bad books, movies, etc., but over time I '@ CAPS1 will definitely do more. I'm also sure that over time we'll find an older copy of a book on a website. We cannot save our children all their lives, so over time we have to let them grow up. Our children will decide if they are mature enough to watch something that we would prefer them not to watch. We just have to raise them the best we can.
Does censorship really help or hinder our libraries? Is he trying to cover up @ CAPS7 that could really be happening in this world or is he trying to make you happy with this horrible place you live in ? For one person, a book can be very offensive, and for his neighbor it can have a whole new opposite meaning. Everything is in perspective. Personally, I think removing part of the “ offensive ” book from libraries could be a disaster. In a book we read this year in my class @ CAPS1 was '@ CAPS2 @ NUM1'. This book was about a distopia where people burned books that did not send the right message to society. People were insensitive to feelings and this could be the result of the censorship in the libraries around @ LOCATION1. Libraries are an imaginative place for all ages and if you censor things how is that supposed to happen ? Looking at books in the past that were challenged as "offensive" and taken from library shelves and banned from reading in the @ CAPS1 classroom at school, was primarily about women's rights and @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4. Some of them only had swear words at the time and others about dystopias. If you removed all the books that related to these topics, how many books would you have left ? And besides my best friend is a girl @ CAPS3 @ CAPS6 and we both have the same rights now and we both have jobs so @ CAPS7 is the big deal living in the past ? There's also the fact that it's inevitable to walk away from the curse wherever you go. All along the streets, in schools and sometimes even in church. So if you are in real life why can't you read about it ? Now when the people who are all for censorship in libraries say something to the effect of '@ CAPS7 about children, I don't want them reading a book that I think is offensive', I tell them then say to censor them. It's your own choice on how you raise your kids, but other parents think you should have an imagination instead of the same old, same old. It's good to have a variety of things to read that don't limit the brain. All in all, I think people wanting to censor books are crazy and it could potentially get out of hand and a distpoia society would form. Children shouldn't be disappointed at @ CAPS7 the world is and could be. Think about it the next time you think a book might create tension between people and do you think yourself taking away other people's rights?
In today's literary world, it is never difficult to find a subject that interests you. Sci-fi, thriller, romance, how to build a car from household materials and more are all waiting for you at your nearest bookstore or library. With this vast array of topics, it's no surprise that you find authors who have decided to go against societal norms and write a book that is controversial in the ideas it presents. These books will often be placed on a “burn list” or censorship list and be removed from the shelves of local libraries in order to protect the clients of those institutions from the ideas of these books. Many have argued that this is a way to keep society pure, but this censorship of literary works is possibly one of the biggest mistakes a civilization can make. Removing books from library shelves is a form of censorship, a flagrant violation of @ CAPS1. In @ LOCATION1, everyone has certain inalienable rights. These were written in our @ CAPS1 as the first ten additions to @ CAPS1. One of these rights is freedom of expression, or the right to express one's opinion. By removing a book from the shelf of a library, you silence the author of that book and thus take away the author's freedom of expression. This clearly violates @ CAPS1 and is therefore unconstitutional and illegal in @ LOCATION1. By violating @ CAPS1 openly, it opens the door to other domains to violate in @ CAPS1. The president is now a dictator, we are now a communist country, and many other actions are allowed, leaving @ CAPS1 like a meaningless piece of paper. Without the @ CAPS1, the @ LOCATION1 is like any other country and has no leadership. This leads to a downward spiral of our society. Silencing the voice of authors also prevents new ideas from entering a society. Each year, thousands of new books are presented to the public at @ CAPS8. Many of them have new ideas that help shape our society for the future. If you get these books off the shelves and out of the hands of the public, you effectively stop any change in new ideas in a company. Nothing would ever improve and society would remain at the same level as when the censorship began. Censorship can also lead to the downfall of a company. In @ PERSON1's novel '@ CAPS9 @ NUM1' the censorship of books has gone so far that all great literary works in the world are banned. Anyone caught reading a thought-provoking book locked up or killed. The main characters' job as a firefighter is not to put out fires, but to set fire to books that encourage people to think. The censorship of this company had gone so far that no one did anything, they just sat at home and watched TV all day. A lot of people will argue that pornography is something that should be censored outside of society, but the problem is, once you start censoring where do you stop? Censorship of pornography would lead to censorship of romance novels, which would lead to censorship of magic books, and so on until you censor @ CAPS10 @ CAPS11 or @ CAPS12. By censoring thought-provoking books and movies, you quickly lose interest in higher education. This is why censorship can quickly lead to the collapse of a society. While @ MONTH1 censorship seems like a good idea, it really is one of the biggest mistakes a company can make. This can lead to silencing all voices of change in a society, forcing the society to stop and stay on the right track. Not only is it dissuasive for a company but it is also clearly unconstitutional if you look at @ CAPS1 of @ ORGANIZATION1. So let's hope that whatever we @ MONTH1 is playing with the idea of censorship, that we never take that winding road to nowhere
I think everything should be there. Examples of things that should be there are: all magazines, books and service @ CAPS1. For magazines, there should be all cars, trucks, atvs, mtvs, utvs, espn, golf, game informants and wwe magazines. Now for the books. All types of books that should be allowed are @ CAPS2- @ CAPS3, @ CAPS3, @ CAPS4, @ CAPS5, @ CAPS6 and @ CAPS7. And finally the @ CAPS1 service. The @ CAPS1 service should be used for school work, for playing all games on any website, and for using youtube on any computer. All of this should be used there because some things some kids don't have at home.
" Book or no book ?" " Some studies have shown that there are many people in this world who have many different interests. Whether it's cars, boats, toys or animals, it doesn't matter. I firmly believe that a library should have books on tons of things. Just because one person doesn't agree with it doesn't mean another shouldn't be able to read or learn about it. This is an ongoing nationwide debate and a decision will need to be taken quickly !! There are a lot of people making enemies all over the world. I have been asked to give my opinion and I think they should also be allowed to view any book they want. If the opposing person does not agree that these books are checked out, they do not have to look at them. There are several solutions to the problem. Libraries could have different sections for different types of books or for example sort them by class or hobby. There could also be age limits so that children don't get their hands on what they shouldn't watch or read. That way, other people would never even have to see the books that he doesn't agree with. Well I can't wait to see the result !! I also hope people cast the right vote. I'm not saying my vote is the only way, it's just my opinion. Either way, there will be angry people and people bursting with joy. So @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 and @ CAPS3 for letting me express my opinion !
I believe that not all books that are deemed offensive or sexual should be completely removed from the shelves. I just think they should be placed in a certain section of the library where kids shouldn't be or shouldn't be allowed in like an adult-only section. I think if a kis sees something that he thinks is interesting and teaches him something that he didn't know before picking it up, whatever it is, unless someone intervenes and tell him not to. I don't think kids should be exposed to all of this and some kids just get on where they shouldn't be in life. If a child decides to try to read a book like this, they must have ID or a parent must be with them to confirm that they are able to read that book. I think a lot of kids are already exposed to things they shouldn't be around and books like that would only make it worse. Some books send very bad messages, but then again, only adults can read them. They should be kept out of the reach of children. Some kids might live in a fantasy world and have a split personality or something like that and it could really affect someone badly. If a parent wants their child to have the book or doesn't care, the choice is theirs, they have permission. I know I wouldn't want my kids to go through this until they are @ NUM1 or older, but I know some parents don't really care. So my best solution to this problem is to keep these books and things out of the reach of children or have a specific age limit.
Throughout my life, I have seen many books that I find offensive. However, they shouldn't be censored just because they seem offensive. I think books that are found to be offensive should not be censored. One reason I think books deemed offensive shouldn't be censored is that what seems offensive to one person, @ MONTH1, is not to another. To classify something as offensive is an opinion. Unless everyone in the world thinks a book is offensive, it should be able to remain open to the public. Another reason why we shouldn't censor books deemed offensive is that in our @ LOCATION1 we have the right to express ourselves freely. If we censored books found to be offensive, we would be violating this right. It wouldn't be fair to the people who wrote the books and to those who love them. The next reason we shouldn't censor books found to be offensive is if we were to censor every book that we find offensive, we wouldn't have any books to read. Books that some people like are considered offensive by others. For example, suppose a few people liked the @ ORGANIZATION1 @ ORGANIZATION1 series but someone else who read it later found it offensive and had it censored. People who liked the @ ORGANIZATION1 series would now find the books the other person likes and censor them. If this continued, we would have no more books to read. Another reason I think books shouldn't be censored is that without offensive books we would never learn from terrible mistakes. Suppose all books relating to the two world wars are censored and cannot be read. Sooner or later no one would remember the terrible things that happened and history could possibly repeat itself. Unless having books that seem offensive is worse than seeing the events we dread happen again, then books that are deemed offensive shouldn't be censored. I believe that books deemed offensive should not be censored because without them we would be violating the right to express ourselves freely and we would be forgetting terrible things that happened in the past. Without books considered offensive, we would have no books to read at all
They will see it eventually. There is no reason to censor a library, I believe. I think they should be separated, maybe putting the "offensive" books in the back of the bookcase is enough censorship. You should also watch it in the editors view. They want to sell and advertise their product and they have the right to do so. Libraries should not take their products off the shelves just because someone has come across something they think is offensive. We all know what offensive things we might find in a library or bookstore like @ ORGANIZATION1. Things that show inappropriate images, drugs, guns, etc. I think they're censored enough already. Most magazines that many people find " offensive " are always placed at the back of the store or separated so that people don't run into them or their children turn the pages by corrupting their minds. Some documents are even put in a plastic sleeve, so the person has to buy it before reading. If you do decide to write and publish a book, don't you think you should have the right like everyone else to put it on the shelves and promote it? I do, there's no reason you can't. The library shouldn't censor your book just because someone else thinks and thinks it's offensive. It's not fair in @ LOCATION1. I think libraries shouldn't censor any material. offensive or not we have the writing to publish and promote it
I don't think they should publicly exploit the books if some people feel offended by it, but personally I am not offended by anything so my opinion will be different from others. However, if the library receives constant complaints about this issue, I could see why they would want to get rid of it. So what I'm saying is if that isn't a problem for anyone other than a privileged few, I think they should keep it, but just let the offended know that the book is going to be. out of sight, thus making the problem non-existent. I don't think librarians will intentionally publish books that offend the public, displayed in front of everyone, I believe they just have the books for their purpose and that is to be read. I have been to the public library several times and of all the times I have been there I don't think I saw a single thing that offended me or made me uncomfortable. Books are there for public reading and knowledge growth, without them I think it would hurt our nation as a whole because we need knowledge to do things and the more we have the better our lives will be. So no, I think libraries should keep all books unless it causes a big problem and a lot of people are constantly raising the problem.
I think everyone has different views on different things so I don't think they should be because if they were it would be against the First Amendment which says everyone has freedom of religion and expression. If you don't agree with the book or whatever @ MONTH1, you can just ignore it and keep walking and never have to pay attention to it. These days people take things too far with their opinions. People need to go about their own business and stop thinking that the world is revolving around them. There are several billion people in @ LOCATION1 and each person looks at it slightly differently and this should be taken into consideration when getting angry just because there is a book or movie on the library shelf . For example, I like movies with comedy and sometimes a horror movie, but girls @ MONTH1 don't like horror movies and @ MONTH1 like movies with droma or something in that line. Just because we like different things doesn't mean we should have to put some type of book or movie on a shelf. Yes, there are some movies that I don't like because they defend things that are against my religion but I don't stay here and say no one should watch these movies because it's not because i don't believe i should judge others for this. I know some people think everyone should see things the same as them and everyone should be okay and get along but it's not like that and no matter how bad you want people to agree and get along, that will never happen. I think people should mind their own business and let people read and listen and watch whatever they want and that shouldn't bother anyone. I know people like to think they know everything there is to know just because they have their own ways and thoughts. With people like that you can chat and you will never win the argument and you will never be able to make them understand how you see it. They just think my way is right and the only one. This is how I feel when people get angry when there's a book or movie on the shelf that they don't agree with. I just think everyone should try to understand what you are saying and listen to you instead of ignoring you. This is how I feel, but I'm not a person who is stuck in his ways where you can't change your mind.
I believe that if something is found to be offensive to someone, it does not necessarily mean that it is offending someone else. In the libraries there are books, music, movies, magazines, etc. Some of these different types of @ MONTH1 things seem offensive to some, but others @ MONTH1 appreciate it. Therefore, it should not be taken away from those who like to read or listen to these things. Some things like adult novels and explicit music are things that people find offensive. But what they don't understand is that some people really like to listen or read this material, so taking it away from them isn't fair. Everyone should be able to have different tastes in these areas. Not everyone is the same. If you frequent a library, you should be able to find something that matches your style or that piques your interest. If the things people like are taken away, it doesn't give them a wide variety of things that they like to do. It's more likely to shut them down on things they like because other people don't like them or find them offensive. Finally, those who think these things are offensive are entitled to their opinion. But so are those who believe that these things are good. There should be a variety of different books, music, and other stuff left that appeal to all types of personalities. Everyone has the right to say if they don't like something. But what you don't like, someone else does. So taking away things that other people like is unfair.
A colossal number of important and moving books can be found in millions of libraries around the world. The big question is whether or not individuals should get rid of lesser books and books that are deemed offensive to a number of people. In my opinion, there are a number of books that are wasting away on the library shelves that need to be disposed of. This is why libraries need to find out which books are causing problems, such as books on race or religion. While Katherine Paterson speaks boldly against removing books from the shelves, I strongly disagree and believe that libraries should remove materials that create stress or waste books off the shelves. Race is an extremely important topic in today's world, and I believe that books that discriminate against certain ethnicities should be removed from libraries immediately. @ CAPS2, there are exceptions to this proposition. For example, books about the Civil War and the Underground Railroad should be kept in libraries as these are important historical events. Unlike the fantastic books on our nation's history, there are also some lesser race books out there, and they @ MONTH1 offend people. In this case, libraries must crack down on this problem and remove the offending books from the shelves! Second, libraries must be extremely careful about the music made available to the public. It is important that we teach our children the difference between right and wrong at a young age, and if children hear derogatory music on the shelves, they will lose all sense of right and wrong. As Katherine Paterson mentions in her quote, " We can all think of a book that we hope none of our children or other children have taken off the shelves ." @ CAPS1, this same quote can easily be applied to music displayed in libraries. By exposing children to derogatory music, libraries create enormous responsibilities for children and their families. Overall, our society would benefit greatly if libraries removed derogatory and offensive music. Finally, Katherine Paterson says that if we continue to remove the offending books from the shelves, there will be "no more books on the shelves for any of us." @ CAPS2 is a nieve comment like @ CAPS1 is an exaggeration. There are millions of libraries around the world and thousands of items in each of these libraries. Therefore, it would be beneficial to our company if we got rid of the items that create the greatest tension, and there is a simple but effective way to do this. When people are at the library checkout, the library may have a sheet of paper asking if the customer has found a certain book offensive. If the same item appears regularly in the list, delete it. This would be of great benefit to everyone, as the offensive items would no longer be on the shelves and it would require little effort from all parties involved. In conclusion, I oppose Katherine Paterson's decision and believe that libraries should immediately remove offensive material. A very controversial topic is race, and if the book doesn't tell us about a historical event, it should be deleted. Some derogatory and offensive music is available in libraries and should be removed from shelves as @ CAPS1. A quick and efficient way to determine which books are shocking is to have a list available to the public where they can write which books they find shocking. Ultimately, libraries must take action and eliminate offensive material that poses a threat to our society.
Do I think there are any documents that should be removed from book shelves if they are found to be offensive ? There are many answers to this question and many people have different views on the question. For example, you have to examine all the races, customs, and more that people believe in to find the real answer. Some material is very offensive, but should it be taken off the shelves of our own libraries ? There are thousands of books in a library and hundreds are written every year. These books range from romance to action-packed and spooky action. Now, many books are starting to be deemed offensive to our society today. I have read a lot of books and found hardly any books that are ever offensive. There are offensive things in other materials such as: music, movies, and magazines. I remember listening to music, watching movies and reading magazines and not liking what I was doing at all. Some music today is just extremely bad. From avian language and misinterpretation of words, the music got worse. Some movies that I have watched aren't that great either. Movies can be offensive in more ways than any other material. You have the scary, the gorry, and the movies with all the different sex scenes that are done every year. It can teach younger people what is wrong and what is right, and make them aware of what life is like. I believe that all of these documents should stay on the shelves of our libraries. Learning from books, music, movies, and magazines is good in a way. Knowing that a lot of things in this world today are offensive to people, I think it can only make our society stronger to help us understand all the different opinions that our people have. Yes, it can go in the wrong directions, but there are many ways you can get people to understand what is good and what is not that will push them to move on to the best. Knowing that the materials on our shelves are offensive, I always think the right thing to do is keep them there. It is clear that people get angry and angry when they read, listen or watch these materials, but this is what makes us who we are. There will always be shocking things written down and so on, but the way you can deal with them on your own will show everyone around you that it is possible to change their own perspective on the shocking matter and look at it in the best way.
In the quote written by @ PERSON1, she explains how books can be pulled off a shelf if it's too provocative. It's a very interesting quote. She talks about how things should be taken off the shelf to prevent children from seeing her. In everyday life there are things that are said in movies, music and magazines that children should never watch, hear or read. Some films can be far too provocative. The directors try to cover them up, but we know what they're trying to convey. Some scenes can get out of control and impossible to stop. People wish they could close their eyes and it would be all over. When parents get movies, they try to hide those scenes from their kids. Parents don't want their child to have bad ideas about what the movies are saying. Many children take movies to the extreme and try to act like actors or actresses, and children end up getting hurt by these actions. Music is particularly one for doing this. There aren't many songs in the world that don't involve language, drugs, or sexual content. Many parents don't want them exposed to it too soon. If people are listening to this they might want to try it and end up going down a wrong path from these words being spoken. Mothers don't want to get their child out of jail by doing something that sounds like the song they like to listen to. It's not a mother's dream to go do this. There are too many magazines trying to expose women. They use it to try to see more magazines. It's wrong to do. Some time ago a magazine took pictures of a girl and tried to expose her, it is just not true. Parents don't want their kids to watch this and get the wrong idea. When girls look at a model in a magazine, they are trying to be like the model. The girls end up being underweight, sick and possibly taking drugs. Parents if they see this should take the magazine away from them if it is not what they approve of. Some parents leave too much for their children. They should censor what their children are doing. Some children will try to get around them so as not to help them. Everyone's point of view is different. People @ MONTH1 think this scene is too provocative and another person @ MONTH1 looks at it and says there is nothing wrong. It just depends on what society thinks about the bigger picture. If we were to remove a movie or music because of what they say there would be no content on the shelf
Libraries are a great source of information all over the world. They contain many different styles and genres of books. Some might not be appropriate for young children to read. There are people who wonder if some books are too shocking to put on library shelves. I believe that no book should be deprived of this right. Most children who go to a library already know what kind of book they want and are always accompanied by an adult. Most libraries have children's sections. Offensive books are most likely to be found in the teen or adult sections, not the children's section. So in my defense, there really couldn't be any way for a child to look for these "offensive" books anyway. Children today are exposed to more explicit topics, but I doubt they want to read a book about them. Then, if a child shows up at the cash register, the librarian should be able to tell his or her parent or guardian that some books are not suitable for that child's age. Coming back to my point, children usually go to libraries with their guardians, they should be supervised at all times when they are in a library. If an adult cares so much about what their child is reading, they can easily decide what is offensive and what is not. Finally, authors should not be punished for writing something they believe in or love. They worked hard to write and publish their novels, they should be able to show them. If librarians remove books because they are offensive to certain adults, many books will disappear from the shelves. The quote used for this essay explains this thought in more detail. People should be able to read whatever they want, offensive or not. Are children able to do this? Depends on parents. There is no way for a child to consult an offensive book, bring it home, and read it without their guardian's knowledge. Yes, not all parents care what their child is reading, so it could happen. Just because some adults have complained that books are too offensive to their children does not mean that an uprising must occur. These parents should just step in and be more strict about what their child can and cannot read. Some of the more “offensive” books are the best to read.
Censorship has become an important part of the media these days. It's everywhere: books, movies, songs and TV shows. The government is trying to make the children of @ DATE1 less corrupt, but they will eventually learn all that is censored for their friends and peers anyway. I think censorship is a waste of government time. Children learn mature information sooner than they should in @ DATE1's company. Censorship should focus more on the media to which children and young adolescents pay attention. It shouldn't be put in more mature movies and music, such as movies with adult content and rap. These are more articles for adults and adolescents than for children. If parents allow their children to listen and watch certain media, then they must feel that their children are mature enough and know enough not to be seriously affected. Censorship also ruins the quality of books, music and films. Certain words help to better express people and their opinions. If they can't use the specific word that they think best describes them, it tends to ruin the quality of their character. People cannot be themselves when they have to be careful of what they say and are looked down upon because of their choice of language. I myself am very free with my language and the inappropriate and vulgar things I say. They are just part of my nature and help me express myself more. There are probably better and more appropriate words to use when I'm in public, but then I wouldn't feel like quite myself. I think censorship corrupts our society. The government is trying to control us with censorship. I'm not one of those paranoid people who think the government is here to get them. This is just one of my opinions on censorship. We should get rid of it. It changes the way people are and the way they feel they can relate to others. People have to be careful what they say, and I think that makes speaking and trying to express yourself a lot more difficult. Censorship must be stopped before it ruins the quality of all media.
How would you feel if your son or daughter saw a nude photo of someone, and kept hearing swear words from a song that was in the library ! Would you really want this for your child? I thought a library was meant to be a learning center, I didn't know it was a bad place. People have their own opinions on everything! A lot is changing these days and it's not for the best! Television, books and music become dirty and unpleasant for people. Please help us give it a try and help us stop this ! We don't want this to happen to our children, as it does to others! Some people like this stuff with bad deeds in them ! One thing that catches them is the rhythm, it just makes them want to start dancing. Another reason they love it is because their friends love it too! People these days are becoming more of a follower than a leader as they should be. When people grow up, they usually have an idol, be it a singer, a writer or an actor. When this idol gets older, it probably won't be the same person with the same thoughts she had @ DATE1, they change for the worse most of the time! They get caught up in drugs or the fame it gets them into. When this happens people don't care about them anymore unless they think it's cool ! It all depends on the person! Some people thrive on these things ! Libraries are meant to be for all ages! If a child finds something wrong with a library and tells friends or parents that they are just putting the library down and they won't want to go. It only hurts the library as it will lose a lot of its stuff. Young children these days are exposed to a lot more things than they should be ! What little children already know is disgusting ! Hear them say they have boyfriends and girlfriends, and how they know swear words just at the age of @ DATE1 ! It may have to do with which parents or friends the kids choose, but in my opinion it's fair! Children grow up too fast because of the things they know! Movies, music, books, etc. not like the fifties anymore, even the eighties, yeah they weren't the best, but it's gotten a little extreme these days. The words they say in songs, the things we see in movies, and the image we see in magazines are getting out of hand. There should be a section just for eighteen and over that has all the bad stuff in music, movies, and magazine articles / photos. People should have IDs they must have to enter this section! It will try to prevent children from seeing what they are these days when they are young. It might not even work, but it's worth a try! The world is no longer a happy place! It's full of violence, sex, drugs, etc. Some parents don't care about the things their child does, says or sees. It all depends on the family. Whether they believe in @ CAPS1 or if they don't believe it is another example ! It still affects their actions and thoughts ! People are trying to do the smallest things, and they are trying to make a difference in the world. This is what people have to do, not to get involved in horrible things. They need to get involved and stay out of these bad things; seeing bad pictures, hearing bad words and watching horrible things in movies. Try to tell the difference! don't be a follower because it won't get you anywhere in life ! Everything counts!
I believe that books should not be taken off the shelves of libraries because without books we would not know anything about life to survive. Books and the media help the human race to empathize with one another and know things that have happened before so that we don't repeat history and start over again. Some books are for entertainment and some for education and help children learn about what happened in the past. Removing books from school and library shelves would be pointless because you are removing children who have nothing else to turn to. outside of school and find out what teachers are talking about in classrooms. Offensive books should be taken off the shelves, but not books that are meaningful to people and that help you be successful in life. some schools do not have books to read because they are in a poor country and have little to do other than go to school and learn. books are important in so many ways it would be a drama if they took books off the shelves because people all over the world need to know everything that has been done and the people who have done it. some books don't make sense, but it doesn't matter if it is or not.
In today's world, there are so many movies and books that it's hard to watch or read them all. They all have different looks and ideas. Not everyone in the world will love the same movies, books and music, we all have different testicles. That's why I think it wouldn't be fair to take books or movies off the shelves. I think they do so many different types of things because we have different beliefs like relegen, class, and culture. The music, there's rock, rap, hip-hop, country, jazz, and the list goes on and on. And if you take it off the shelf because someone somewhere thought it was offensive, we wouldn't have music or something like that. I don't really need a lot of things that offend me, but I know I've seen shows that were like that and some people, I guess, found it funny. Books, there are a lot of different genres in there too, just like music, so if there is a bad job, or a rude annicdout, some people @ MOIS1 don't like it. Books are good to read. It would be a shame if they all disappeared. It would then be difficult to learn or teach anything. Take for example @ CAPS1 is one of the most read books in the world and if they just took it off the shelf because some people don't believe it a lot would change and the releges won't be the same in anyway. This is how everything is going to be and most people take offense. The way I put it in my head is that if they don't like it, they don't have to read it or watch it or care about it. Everything in all these bisnisses is to take a rest. It all depends on how you look at books, movies, music, etc. So I think taking it off the shelf would be a bad choice for that. This is why we have our own free will and make the choices you want, good or bad, good or bad. You might not think much about it, but things like this are happening, it might not be in your city, but somewhere in the world it will happen.
There are some materials which in my opinion are distressing for children are books, music, movies and even magazines. Books contain a lot of hazardous material for children as they can grab @ CAPS1 books and other hazardous materials. Another thing is music, and even music videos contain a lot of profanity. Movies such as @ CAPS1 some kids @ MONTH1 movies watch them and reflect what they watched on TV. should take the books, music, movies and magazines off the shelf.
How would you feel if you were forced to appreciate only the exact things that everyone loves? If you were limited to certain topics because all other choices were rejected, you might start to feel trapped. Everyone in this world is different from the next person. So I think every person should be able to read any book they want without any restrictions. Some reasons for my opinion are personal values, unique interests, and the fact that people should be allowed to read the books they like without judgment from others. For my first reason goes hand in hand with personal values. For example, someone of higher authority @ MONTH1 finds a book, magazine, or movie inappropriate because of their values and beliefs. So, if that person is the owner of the library, then he or she will be able to throw away all the books and movies related to this topic. That would make it unfair to people who like these topics. My next reason is that each person has their own interests. If someone starts to get rid of books they are not interested in, the library will lose all visitors who find the topic enjoyable. This can cause problems for the library and be a disappointment to those who find reading up on this topic a great way to pass the time. Everyone likes different things and has different opinions. They shouldn't be forced to read only things that are selected by another person. People should also have the right to read the books they like without being judged by others. I know from experience that being ostracized for doing what you love is completely unfair. If everyone was doing the things everyone else is doing, our world wouldn't accomplish anything extraordinary. A lot of people take inspiration from books and movies, so if these were limited to particular topics, people would start to feel pressured to be the same. Everyone should have the right to enjoy the things that make them happy without being hurt by the opinions and judgments of others. Books should be something that every person should have a choice in. If there is an endless choice of books and movies, a person could learn a lot of different things and develop a more open mind. If everyone in this world opened their minds, people would accept others better. So I think whatever is published should be there for the public to read. No one should be limited because of the values or interests of others. The right to read the books, magazines, and watch the movies you love should always be there.
Should we remove books and media for being offensive ? I do not believe. In this essay, I will describe to you why I think this way. The word offensive is a controversial word. Is it the kiss that makes the books and the media offensive or is it insults or fights. A lot of people see a lot of different things. Many of the books that young people read today are “offensive” to older generations. This is because the standards today are different. Children are freer to do what they want and say what they want, making offense a changed word. If a book, song, or video is offensive, parents should discuss it with their children. Things that are offensive to some people are fine to others. Just because he's over there doesn't mean we have to see him. So in conclusion, I don't think that books and media should be taken off the shelves because they are offensive, because offensive is a word that changes and is different for each person.
In my opinion, I think there are some documents, whether books, music, magazines, or movies, that need to be removed or edited more carefully. Most parents, including mine, expect their children to behave with good manners and not use bad language or kiss their boyfriend or girlfriend at inappropriate times , and yet we promote it and that is unacceptable. In bookstores or even libraries, they have books on the shelves that can be considered inappropriate. We encourage and even encourage children to read, but we can't even say, pick the book you want. These @ MONTH1 books have foul language, gang violence, or even sex gestures that I wouldn't even consider giving to a niece or baby cousin. There are many types of music in the real world. Everyone has their favorite music and they have their least favorite. In my opinion, you can't make everyone happy, so you're going to have to ignore it. There are different CDs, cassettes, or even discs that you can buy. Yes, I think what some people put in their music is not appropriate, but you can always change stations on the radio. You don't have to buy this CD and you can still ride without music. Magazines can get pretty ugly sometimes. Whether it's @ PERSON1 on the first page without hair, or the next top model from @ LOCATION1. Frankly, I don't mind seeing this in magazines, but strict parents @ MOIS1 don't want their kids exposed to @ NUM1 stocks. Magazines could talk about anything, like someone who's been on drugs, alcohol, or winning the lottery. You just have to choose wisely what you and your children are watching. People can get pretty crazy about what and how they are doing it. Whether in writing, singing or in pictures, you know there will always be someone who does something inappropriate. This is the reality and there is nothing we can do about it. If you don't want to hear it, don't listen. If you don't want to see it, don't buy it. It is quite simple
Censorship in libraries ! Do you believe that certain materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should be taken off the shelves if they are found to be offensive ? NO ! I don't think they should be taken out. I believe everyone is entitled to their own opinion, @ CAPS1 if something is offensive to one person @ CAPS2 @ MONTH1 is not offensive to another. No one thinks the same or has the same opinion about something, which is why there are a variety of books, music, movies, etc. If you remove the " offensive " stuff , @ CAPS2 @ MONTH1 will offend someone else. People just need to stop being selfish and understanding that everyone is different and that we all have different interests.
Many people, after reading a book, listening to a song, watching a movie or reading a magazine, have found themselves upset or disturbed by this medium and felt that it should be removed from the shelf on which they have it. find. I think since everyone has their own definition of offensive and disturbing, that libraries and media libraries should separate this material from other books, magazines or @ CAPS1. My opinion is that not everyone will find the same things disturbing or offensive. It depends on the origin, religion and personal beliefs of that person. I don't think books, magazines, or @ CAPS1 should be banned from library shelves just because that particular person finds this piece of material offensive. If they find it so disturbing, they should stop reading this book or magazine, or listening to this @ CAPS3. A person shouldn't be able to make the choice to keep a certain book or magazine on a shelf because somewhere out there I'm sure there is someone who doesn't find it offensive. The partial purpose of writing a book or song is to express one's opinion on a topic and if the reader or listener does not agree with their opinion then they should respect the thoughts of that director or author and move on. thing. If a library or media center contains inappropriate books, magazines, or films, they should create special areas or shelves to store this material. This area could be created for adult or mature readers, viewers or listeners. I also believe that books and other media of such an inadequacy should have a label regarding their offensive or explicit content. If anyone finds an offensive or disturbing song, book, or magazine article ; I don't think that one person has the right to have it removed from the public and that there are other ways to keep such material out of the hand of a reader or listener than @ MONTH1 not know its potentially offensive character. If warning signs appear, the reader or listener should realize that they are taking the risk of being offended or disturbed. If such steps are taken, I believe they will delight all readers, viewers and listeners.
Everyone is different, and by being different people have many different views on what is and is not acceptable or offensive. Something that is very offensive to a person @ MONTH1 should not be offensive to someone else, it's all about values and beliefs. Libraries contain a variety of books, music, movies, magazines, and other materials on a variety of topics, some of which @ MONTH1 may not be suitable for everyone. I don't believe that a material should be taken off the shelves just because a person or group of people finds it offensive. The offended band is not obligated to read this book or magazine, listen to this music or watch this film. The documents are placed in a library for the public to enjoy, and not just to please some people. I believe, however, that documents should be clearly sorted in a library. If they are clearly sorted out, people are less likely to pick up something that offends them by accident and can completely avoid books, movies, magazines, and music that they shouldn't read, watch, or listen to. It can also help keep children away from unused materials. To conclude, materials should not be removed from the shelves if they are found to be offensive. What is offensive to one person, another person might like to watch, listen or read. It is impossible to please everyone, because each person has different points of view, but a situation can be avoided by careful organization. If everything that was offensive to some people was removed from the library shelves, there would be nothing left
I don't think books that are considered offensive should be removed from public libraries. I could understand if these were school libraries, as some of the materials in these extremely self-explanatory books are not intended for a child to read. I have a feeling that there are documents that can be useful to get other people's views on certain topics. Although the books, this material can be called offensive, for some people it is about their culture and way of life. What if every book deemed offensive was in fact taken off the shelves ? Some of the most interesting books I have ever picked up have been controversial. The revealing world of these books is amazing. The fact that I can read about other people's lives and their daily struggles amazes me. If we all made an important decision based on the opinion of one person, then our world would be a mess. Therefore, if all of these " offensive " books were to be deleted, then what is left to read. I want to read something that will grab my attention and make me want to read on. I don't think I would have that kind of experience if these books were deleted.
I believe censorship is rarely acceptable, and certainly not in libraries, schools, or elsewhere. Censorship prevents the acquisition of knowledge, spreading ignorance and intolerance. Libraries and schools are meant to be places that encourage free thinking, discovery and learning. Censorship prevents these things from happening. If people are prevented from reading what they want, then many will not read, period. Not all children and adolescents are drawn to reading. If there is a book that interests a reluctant reader, then why would anyone want to take it away from them ? Because @ CAPS11 or she finds that offensive ? Because @ CAPS11 or she does not agree with the opinions expressed? The grounds for censorship are not legitimate either. Most justifications for censorship would not stand the test of time. Many of the books that were contested in the past are now considered classics and / or important works, such as To @ CAPS1 a @ CAPS2, @ ORGANIZATION1, The @ CAPS3 of @ ORGANIZATION2 and @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5 @ PERSON3. For @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 and @ PERSON1 were censored due to racist language. The @ CAPS12 language helps define the time period in novels. Additionally, To @ CAPS1 a @ CAPS9 is about a lawyer defending a black man falsely accused at @ LOCATION1. The main antagonist is an ignorant and racist man. The book itself isn't racist, just the villain of the story. Censorship for such reasons is different from not allowing a young child to watch something violent. Preventing a child from seeing a movie rated @ CAPS10 or reading a letter to @ ORGANIZATION3 is a separate matter from censorship. I define censorship as preventing someone from seeing or reading something because of personal opinions rather than for the good of the protected person. Keep children safe when they are young, if necessary, but as they grow and mature it is essential that they are also allowed to mature in their reading. If someone lives their life reading only the books that others choose for them and seeing only the movies and shows chosen for them, then @ CAPS11 or she won't be their own person. Living a protected life can catch up with people as they reach adulthood. They will not have their own opinions and will be largely ignorant of the world around them. @ PERSON2 said: '@ CAPS11 who destroys a good book, kills reason itself.' @ CAPS12 is what happens to people who grew up in censorship ; they have very little reason. Censorship can mold people, not for the better. People who grow up are free to read and watch generally what they want may turn out to be different. These people may have their own opinions and values, shaped, among other things, by influential books that they have read throughout their lives. Many of these people understand others better, promoting tolerance. Censorship takes all of these wonderful qualities away from people. Anyone can own them. Censorship cannot be taken as the norm. Libraries and schools should enable children and adolescents to learn and grow. This is the goal of the educational institution. Therefore, censorship shouldn't even be considered. The freedom of students to read whatever they want should be the policy of all schools and libraries
I think libraries shouldn't delete documents like books, music, movies, magazines. I think libraries should keep them because there are a lot of people who have their own reading style. Sometimes I'll go to the library and look for a book, then I'll go watch magazines, movies, music. There are a lot of movies coming out right now, and now you can go see them. Music is the same. I feel like if kids like their stuff in the library, they should go. I'm sure they have educational books, movies, and magazines. If people release stuff that kids and teens love. Some of them might not come back. There are a lot of students who listen to music and watch movies too. I love checking out movies from libraries, it's easy and they always have the movies you are looking for. Movies are easy to find. and it's fast. If there are any shocking elements in the music, they should remove it from the shelves, as people will wonder why they would put a movie, music, magazines, and a book on the shelves if they know it is offensive to it. public. Inconclusion, I hope the people at the libraries take the offending stuff off the shelves. It would cause people to move and they would have more respect for those people. The public would not have to worry about choosing a book that contains a lot of things that their children do not need to see, read or listen to. This goes for movies, music, magazines, books and more. I really hope people make the right choice
Almost everyone has seen, heard, written or said something that offended someone. Most people who have offended others do so on purpose in their music, books, or movies. While other people have unofficially offended people about something. If someone finds something offensive, they should request that it be placed elsewhere so that it is always available, request a vote to remove it from the shelves, or simply keep it to themselves until they are know that he is not a single offended. When someone is offended by something they see and hear in a library, that person should ask to be relocated for the offensive footage they have seen or heard. In this case, other people can still watch, hear or read the book or magazine, movie or music. Just because something is offensive to one person doesn't mean it is offensive to someone else. A book or magazine, song or movie can be offensive to a lot of people, so it should be voted on to be taken down or stay in the lab. This way the material has a chance to be available in the future. Some music and some films could be deleted and then replaced by the censored version, so for people who were not offended. In some cases, there is only one person who was offended by something that was in a library. In these cases, the person may choose to wait until someone else is offended by the material to talk about it. If the material is offensive to someone, they should move it, vote it out, or shut up. If it is moved, the material is still available for other people. Once voted, it could remain or be deleted. Someone may speak up about the offensive material after someone else finds it offensive as well.
If I think something is offensive then yes it should be taken off the shelves. The library is a place for everyone and not just one type of person. If something offended you, you wouldn't want someone else of the same race, religion, or family to read it and be offended. Yes, we have freedom of speech and can say whatever we want, but I think it should only go up to a point and then it should be stopped. Someone can't take that much and when they hit that point nothing goes right. If somebody wrote about black people and said that they are all dumb just because they are black, then black people would not just sit there and do nothing. After insulting someone or choosing one it marks him for life and it could hurt all of his communication skills for the rest of his life. Not everyone, but some even hurt themselves or others. So if I saw a book on the shelves in the public library that offended me, then yes I would like it to be deleted so that it didn't offend anyone else. I don't think hurting someone's feelings is worth wasting their whole life or causing them to hurt themselves. If something hurt or offended you, would you just let it happen, or would you use the rights given to us and try to fix things and not hurt anyone else ? Would you like someone to write about you in a mean way ? You would probably be trying to get it right. If you could fix something and didn't just do it because you didn't want to and it continued to offend other people, then not only is it the fault of the person who wrote it, but I could see it was kind of your fault that you let this person keep spitting people up.
Should we remove offensive articles or materials from a public library ? My belief is no because a lot of people in today's society are quite offensive themselves and books are meant to show the life of fiction or fact and when you censor something the other person will do its best to try and find an uncensored version of the same material. Another thing that shouldn't be censored is art books because the artist isn't trying to be kinky or offensive, he's just trying to show his vision of art in the form he thinks he is. people would find artistic. Censorship is important in some ways, but you also need to have an open mind, as someone who finds something offensive might not feel that way later in life. So my belief is not to censor something because it might offend some, because there are a lot of people who probably don't mind it, be it books, music, videos, video games. , writings or films. We're all going to have a finite democracy if something should or shouldn't be appropriate. So what do you think of censoring a book for its content or leaving it and people to decide ? My thoughts would be that censorship is moral, but you also have to think that it would be immoral to take a book away from a reader who might find that book interesting. So please don't censor the books in our public library, we need books that contain fact or fiction, but also have a great story in its words. My other idea would be to let the reader decide whether to censor it or keep it as intended.
I think if there is a book in the libraries it is infuriating. Then you should be at least @ NUM1 to verify it. The reason I say @ NUM1 is that by this age you should know what's right and wrong AND you can handle it if it's wrong. I mean, if you know it's wrong then don't read it, no one has to read it to you. It would be different if someone waz but no one is. Some people like to read different kinds of books just because it's wrong and it hurts, that doesn't mean it hurts one, @ MONTH1 makes it useful to someone else and if its tgaken then there will be no books in the libraries for anyone to look up and read. BECAUSE every book in there is going to hurt some people if you make them read it. If you have any problem with this you can contact me at @ NUM3 ask @ PERSON1 and we can talk about it and maybe you @ MONTH1 are about to change your mind or after reading this you think the same way as me. The reason I think this is because like I said before there is a part in a book that will hurt someone, so you should be @ NUM1 to check out some surten books. If you get hurt by a bunch of books I would suggest you stop reading because a book is a book that is not something that hurts you. There are so many people in the world who love books and have resources. What I don't agree with is that the kids come out of class to go to the library to play games and assemble puzzles, that's the problem I have. work and they don't. They just want to get out of the classroom and not work. People go there and play games and when people need a computer there is no way to go because of the kids playing games. But as part of the book in the library I have no problem with that, this is what I have to say about books that hurt people is not to read them, other people like them being there for them.
In many libraries there are books, films, magazines and much more. However, some of these items are considered inappropriate for certain ages. I do believe, however, that every client of the library should be able to choose what they want to read. It is up to the parents or the child to decide what they want in their head. Let's start with the books. There are many different types of books. From scientific data on human anatomy to dragons and vampires. How can you choose a book that is right for you? The answer is simple. When you are younger your parents help you choose the right books to read, and as you grow older you start to make those choices on your own. Whether or not you should read a certain book is up to you. The guidelines for films follow the same pattern. Your parents helped you choose suitable films when you were young. As you grow up you learn to read movies and watch the ratings. If it seems intimidating, or inappropriate, or violent, you choose whether or not to see it. Sometimes you see offensive material in movies or books. If you strongly disapprove of it, take the dilemma to the librarian. Discuss why you think the movie / book is not appropriate and offer some ideas on how to handle the situation. Some suggestions might be: remove the article from the shelf, or write an additional review on the book, or write to the author / director. The simplest solution, however, is to leave the offending element alone. If this offends you, just send it back to the library and warn your friends not to check it out. Others @ MONTH1 still appreciate the article even if you don't. There are many books, movies, magazines, etc. in the world. Some @ MONTH1 are considered inappropriate or offensive. There are many other choices that are " correct ". So if you don't approve of a certain book, just send it back to the library and find one you like.
Should books, music, movies and magazines be removed if they are found to be offensive ? Well, I think they should be put to a vote so that everyone who goes to this library decides. That some might not find it offensive like others. No, because people have different beliefs from other people. I think they should be put to a vote to get everyone who goes to that library to decide because the staff might think it is morally incorrect and morally offensive. But others, like those who read the books, may think differently than the staff. Staff are not the ones who read all of their customers' books. Some might not find it offensive like others because everyone thinks differently. No one thinks the same thing unless they have been told what another person is thinking. the library can lose its employees if they remove a book for the wrong reason. Whether they like it or not, all books teach a lesson about life. No, because people have different beliefs from other people. In worship, this book can be aloud and they can live around this library. So that would then make you miss going to get books from the library. For example, if the library chooses to remove the Bible and romance novels, it would lose a lot of customers. Their business would fall. Library staff should not choose books aloud, because if someone is fined, they get money. So my answer is no because they should put it to a vote, some might not find it as offensive as others, and people have different opinions than others. Nobody has the same thought as the next person, it's impossible
Dear editor, I think we shouldn't take movies, books and music out of ourselves. I mean really, it's going to start in conflict. Then we have legal proceedings. I have seen what happens when you take a book away from yourself. people start screaming because they didn't find it offensive. Then they say they are going to sweat. Finally, it costs money to go right. I have also seen what happens when you take music out of yourself. people are screaming at the start. Then they start to get mean. Realize that you have a crowd of people destroying your store for removing music. That is why we must maintain them all. You can take it however you want, but I hope you learn before it's too late. Hope you will put this in the peaper thanks. Sincerely yours, @ PERSON1
I don't think there is a need to remove material from library shelves. I agree with this because it is a choice to read material that is deemed offensive. I wouldn't expect a young child to search for inappropriate material because he or she is not interested in it. Just like I wouldn't expect an adult to go out looking for a little children's book. Basically there is a maturity barrier that separates what each age level is interested in reading. There is no point in removing material from libraries because you would not accomplish anything. People who would primarily take offense at children are already exposed to violent video games that glorify war and violence. And you can't just go ahead and remove material that you think is offensive. If you remove offensive material from libraries, I guess you will need to shut down the internet as well. It would be much easier for a child to go to a computer and find anything they want to find offensive with the click of a button. Additionally, in a library there are age restrictions on cards that prevent a child from viewing offensive material. Some people may like offensive content. If material were taken out, many people would be unhappy that libraries did not offer what they wanted. There would be a lot of complaints and problems. And some people might stop going to the library because the content was limited. The best thing to do is allow libraries to have whatever material they want. Many people will be satisfied, and most people will be happy
Author Katherine Paterson makes a really good point when she states that there are books on the shelves that people wish their children or even themselves hadn't read or that people wish they hadn't read. . But if you were to take a book away from someone found to be offensive, there would hardly be any books left in this world. There will always be a person who finds a book that they don't like because of the tone used by the author or if they don't like what their name is. People all have their own minds as to what they want to live or how they want their children to live. If the books are taken off the shelves because people don't like them, there would be no more books on our shelves. I have a feeling that if there are books on the shelves about children who drink, and then they take a toll on their lives because they have been drinking, then maybe the kid who the bed would stop drinking or not even try to drink. The rape books and they don't say it because they're afraid of what would happen. Then long term say after they got pregnant or injured because of it. Saying that they wished they had said it might help kids who have this happened or who might have it might help them feel so relieved and tell someone and save themselves. Books like these shouldn't be taken off the shelves because a person doesn't like them, in the long run if they took them out some might get hurt or not know what to do and it could be that whole person who did not like it fault. How would you feel if you did this to someone. Maryrin @ CAPS1 is a good author who shows how good something you think @ MONTH1 is but turns out to be really bad. Her books focus a lot on how girls should watch what they are doing to protect themselves. I have a friend whose parents don't like music on her ipod. So she had to take it off. Well taking it off she made @ CAPS2 songs that they didn't like. So she drives the music always on the radio while she drives so that she can listen to the songs that she doesn't have on her ipod. This is just one example of how you can always listen to what you want to hear. The music will always be there. There will always be songs that people don't like. Either because of their religion, or even if they don't like the words used. But even if they stop putting songs on the radio, there is still the internet and people can just get songs on it from there. There are songs that shouldn't be there, but the more someone tries to push the songs out of the world and the people listening to them, the more some children or even adults will try to listen to them. In today's world, there is always a good song and a bad song that is the same. The articians now always have a bad song that they should turn into a good song. This is just how the songs go. This is just how they use their brains. No one can stop them. Not even the people who publish the songs and then put them on the radio. In the long run, the more people try to keep things from not being in this world, the more people will try to get them. It is a very bad idea to take books off the shelves and take music off the radio. People need to hear what bad things can happen when you aren't listening to someone. A child @ MONTH1 grows up knowing not to talk to people he doesn't know but never really understands the harm that could come out of it. But when they read a book about a kidnapped child, they @ MONTH1 more clearly understand the why of life. So if I can say it myself I think it is a really bad idea for books to be taken off the shelves because a mom or two dads think this book is not good for their little girl or their teenage son. They have to read it for themselves and find out what could really happen if they did something like this. Keep the books on yourself. Keep playing music. Let your children or grandchildren discover the danger on their own rather than keep telling them. I'm a teenager and I prefer to read about it than my parents tell me over and over again. So keep the books on the shelves. Let the radio play. Just be careful doing it.
Should books, magazines, music, and movies be removed from shelves if they are found to be offensive ? I think the answer is yes, as long as it offends more than a few people. If that only offends a few people, then I think the answer should be no. Why should they be removed if they offend a lot of people? They should be removed because offensive things can lead to more dramatic things. It's almost like when people were separated by race. Segregation led to fights between people. How would you feel if the segregation was still there? You might be upset and find it unfair because there are certain things that you can't do. This is probably what some people feel when they are offended by the media. Why shouldn't they be removed for offending a few people ? They should not be deleted as they could help the younger generations decide what is right and wrong. They could help by giving people a choice of what is good and what is not. If there was nothing that could offend anyone, how would the younger generations learn to decide what is right or wrong? In my opinion, it all depends on how many people are offended by it. There are ups and downs in all cases. If you took out everything that offended someone, it would be more difficult to teach the younger generations to decide for themselves what is right and wrong. This would mainly be because you would only have one point of view, the point of view that is perfect for everyone. In my opinion, this point of view does not exist. Therefore, I believe that by removing anything that is offensive to anyone, we would not have media. However, if we did not remove anything offensive, serious problems could arise. For example, fights could break out or wars could even start, depending on the number of people offended. The last thing we need in our society is to fight. So my answer for removing offensive material should be yes and no.
Everyone is able to make their own decision. If that means not letting their own children look at certain books, that's okay, but that doesn't mean they have to make that decision for everyone. Everyone has their own opinion on certain books which may be less modest than others, but taking the book out of the libraries does not take others into consideration. If there are any books which offend a certain type of ethnicity or religion ect. so ignore it and continue. There is no reason to remove these kinds of books because we all know that some books could be used for research and that person who needs them. Taking certain books out of the library deprives young people of contemporary literature which will be very important for the future. The @ CAPS1 is a good example, at the time it was published a lot of people wanted to get rid of the book because it was not traditional, this book is now being used in our classroom and teaching us to many literary techniques. There are countless books like The @ CAPS1 which are currently being retired from libraries and which could be deeply appreciated by future writers. Katherine Paterson has the potential of many authors, putting out books that are offensive to people is going to prevent us from having books. For hard-working writers, it's unfair to work so hard and have the library book group because a certain group of parents didn't find it approving. If they don't approve of the book, tell the child not to take it. A library is a place to take advantage of the endless amount of literature of many different styles and should not be restricted. The library is a place of discovery and not a place of restriction.
Libraries are often known to protect our children and maintain an educational atmosphere, however, you would be surprised at the content our children @ MONTH1 find in such a seemingly friendly place. With a simple library card, kids could consult a load of information that could teach them lessons that you wouldn't want them to learn. But no one can look over their child's shoulders all the time. The answer to this problem is strict censorship. Books are large, powerful, and contain a great deal of information. Even though most parents believe that publishing houses do not intend to let children read books that can be easily misunderstood, the truth is that it is up to the library to decide whether a book can be read. borrowed or not. Most of the time, only adults can understand what the characters in a book are going through. This @ MONTH1 is due to the many more experiences of adults throughout their own lives. Another common belief is that separating a library for the younger and older would solve this problem. The point is, even if an adult checks out one type of media from the older selection, that doesn't stop the younger one from witnessing or reading something as simple as a video or magazine at home. . The only solution is to prevent these materials from entering libraries and censor offensive and easily misunderstood media before they fall into the wrong hands. Libraries are great for research or school projects, but inappropriate books and magazines should never end up in a place designed for an educational experience for your children. Censorship must be enforced to help maintain and sustain the educational atmosphere in our libraries and to protect our children from offensive content.
I don't think there are some documents that should be removed if they are found to be offensive to people. If someone reads something and it offends them, they can do something else. I'm not the type of person to take offense too easily, so I'm not sure how well my opinion matches up. Everyone takes offense at something, so I can see why people find something offensive. But in all fairness, if someone reads something and thinks it's offensive, they have the option of either saying why they thought it was offensive or ignoring it. In libraries I think if the @ CAPS1 finds a shocking story they should be able to pull it off the shelves, they are working on it after all. If it was me, I would drop it, and if someone asks me to take it off, maybe I would. Nowadays, a lot of people seem to take offense at everything. But a document should not be removed from a library shelf, unless the @ CAPS1 or the manager finds it offensive, then I can understand their decision.
Censorship on libraries. Do you ever walk into a library, walk over to one of those gigantic, cluttered book shelves and pick up a book that looks promising and worth reading? Well, what if you go read the summary of this insanely awesome book, and you just feel ... insane, by the style this book is written in? Do you already want to take this book off the shelf? Well I do. But, if everyone picked up a book from a shelf that they were uncomfortable with, there would be a tiny amount, if any, to read. Books based on @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, and even @ CAPS3 can be a nuisance because they keep people apart. When you go to the different sections of your local library, which section do you start running towards ? The adult section has tons of different kinds of books, but what do you do when you find one on @ CAPS4 ? If you are a person of a certain faith and find a book that makes fun of your faith, what do you do then? Nothing, because there is freedom of expression. You @ MONTH1 are uneasy about this book being sold in countries all over the world, but what if someone feels the same about your favorite book. This is a topic that people have been “debating” for years. Suppose you slide on an insane shelf. Is this colorful book just screaming for your attention? You take the book and come find it, it talks about @ CAPS2. It could make anyone uncomfortable. Personally, I don't agree to make fun of people in this way. People are made to appear different for a purpose, not to humiliate them, but we are not all alike and we can be ourselves. What would you do if you bought a book, where someone is teased about their looks, and @ CAPS3 ? Sure, a joke can make everyone like you, but when a person doesn't like you very much, it's worth a thousand words. The different kinds of features include ; be taller or shorter, taller or shorter, have brown, blond or red hair. Millions of people are relentlessly criticized and teased for looking a little different. Everyone has been teased once in their life. It's not a lot of fun for the person being teased. Books based on @ CAPS4, @ CAPS2, and even @ CAPS3 can be a nuisance because they isolate people. I wrote you this letter to let you know that I can't stand some of the books on the market or the @ CAPS9 @ CAPS10 @ CAPS11, but if everyone felt that way, there wouldn't be any books. So I don't think we should take the books off the shelves. We just have to come to terms with the fact that everyone is different, and that's no joke. Where would the world be today if we believed the same way we did years ago on these same subjects? Don't take the books off the shelf, maybe one day it'll mean what the world was like
Some members of my community have brought to my attention that the local library is considering removing certain materials such as our books, movies, and music. I confronted them and they made no effort to change the censorship that has already taken place. I understand that some @ MONTH1 works are deemed offensive to certain audiences, but I think everyone should have access to the knowledge they want to acquire. These works that they want to condemn and ban are works of passion and work. What I have noticed is that the materials they consider compromising are some of the most passionate and sincere works of expression; and I firmly believe that this act of suppression hurts more than those who are banned. It robs these artists of their own freedom of expression and suppresses something simple, our own expression. The capabilities of the human mind are limitless, yet those who display its functions are limited. Knowledge is the key to unlocking a much larger understanding of the world around us and I think this censorship highlights what I am trying to describe in my own exposition of our minds. I believe that we have come a long way in the evolution of our literature and I would hate to see the flame of inspiration for creation die out in a modest surge. Just because of a few broken hearts? Or a spare tear lost on the earth, sprinkled with some abandoned ignorance, a misunderstood language doomed to be lost; by loss of understanding? I do not think so. In conclusion, I have noted what I wish to converse and I strongly oppose this censorship. I'm just one voice, but it's a call to arms and I believe we can accomplish great things together. So let's spread the word and beat this repression of expression
Knowledge @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 Have you ever deleted something that would be misconstrued as offensive to someone, even if you don't believe it ? Neither @ CAPS2 I, and I don't think libraries should either. Removing books, films, magazines, and music from libraries is unconstitutional, and it seems to lean towards controlling the way people think, which is called communism. In addition, anything can be considered offensive by a group of people, and therefore anything @ CAPS2 can be offensive and deleted. Then the @ CAPS2 libraries cease to exist. And in the courtroom? If one side of the story is not told, how will the jury be able to tell whether the accused is guilty or innocent? Removing some “ offensive ” @ CAPS2 learning materials leaves people in a bored and stupid state of mind. Do you want the government to control what you think? I did not mean it. In @ LOCATION1, the modern day @ LOCATION2, @ PERSON1 did just that. He decided exactly what was going in and out of people's minds. He did this by choosing what they could read, write and listen to. Sounds like stuff you can get in the library, right? We cannot let the government control what we think, and most libraries are run by the government. If we let them decide what we read and listen to, this is the first step in losing our freedom, and no one wants to lose their freedom. Let's say a white man walks into a library and looks at a book about racism and how he has helped the nation. Then, at the same time, a woman @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 walks into the same library and gets a book explaining why women are better than men. Then they see each other, and the woman wants the man's book to be forbidden, and the man wants the woman's book to be forbidden, and the two books are done away with. So neither party is happy, because both of their books are gone. The point is, everything can be found offensive, if you take a look at it or look at it too much. Additionally, if everything can be found to be offensive and all offensive material is removed, then all books and learning materials are gone. No one is happy. If you are on trial for someone's murder and the accused's lawyer can say what they are doing to make it look like you are a murderer and you cannot defend yourself, what will you do? do you ? You will go to jail, probably an innocent person, and you will be considered a murderer for the rest of your life, all because your side of the story has not been heard. It is unfair, unfair and unconstitutional. If we let this happen to our libraries, half of the books will be sentenced to " death " without a " fair trial ". So if you want to have a non- @ CAPS4, communist and unfair library system that's your choice, but I think the way we are doing things now is fine. No book should be banned because of its subject matter, because no one except the writer knows exactly what that means. People can read what they want to read and don't have to read what they don't want to read. This is the freedom we have, you have the right to read, watch and listen to whatever you want, and no one can stop you. Do you want this to change? I know your awner; it's a no
A library is a place to rent books, music, movies, etc., that you don't have in your home. Some people go to a library to use the computer for a project or to consult books, music materials, movies, etc. @ CAPS1 is not a bad thing if the library contains material that is offensive to some people. If people don't want to see material that offends them, then they shouldn't go to the library that contains the offending material. In my opinion, @ CAPS1 doesn't really apply to me if there is any offensive material in the library. If there is to be offensive material in a library, you must be a certain age to rent @ CAPS1 or read @ CAPS1. Anyone should not be able to walk into the library and view these offensive materials. If someone under this age tries to view this material, they shouldn't do it out loud. Another opinion of mine on this subject is that if this kind of material offends someone, then they cannot go into that area of the library. Instead, the person might walk around that section of the library or they might not be able to pay attention to the documents. The library could make a certain part of the library specially designed for this kind of material, so that neither people nor children have to see them. Also, if a child wants to see this kind of material, he can find another way to see it. They don't necessarily have to go to the library to find this stuff. If a kid wants to do something bad enough, they'll find a way to do @ CAPS1, or in this case, the kid will see something they want to see. If parents don't like this kind of material in the library then they should teach their children not to watch this kind of material, if they catch their children looking at offensive material then they should punish their child and let them know that they shouldn't be looking at these kinds of documents. A library shouldn't have to remove books, music, magazines, etc. just to keep parents happy. If the library removed such material from its shelves, it would lose business. So in theory, libraries shouldn't have to take their materials off their shelves just to keep parents happy. Libraries need money to be able to buy new material and without clients they have no money so they cannot buy new material. Parents should therefore keep track of what their children are viewing in the library. Offensive material should not be removed from libraries, such material should just have rules.
For starters, a woman may read a book about wives and find it offensive. But it was his choice to take the book and read it. Should it be removed from the shelf? No why should he. Different people have different views on what they read. Not everyone feels the same. The same goes for music, movies, magazines, etc. They may see a nude photo of someone in a magazine and not like it. It was the choice to pick it up and read it. No one pointed a gun at the head and said "read the book, etc." @ CAPS1, why should a book, etc., be taken off the shelf if a person doesn't like it ? You still have the rest of the population who might like it, some might just like it, and those who don't. You can't just think of this person as everyone else. If that person finds this book, etc. offensive, then she should have chosen wisely the first time around and / or never should have chosen what she did. It's his fault. For my conclusion, nothing should be taken off the shelf if it's offensive not to read the book, etc. Another person might read it and like it. Some people who find things offensive may look down on him. Keep the book, etc., on the shelf if they take it off, sooner or later they'll take everything off the shelf for being offensive. So what we can read or listen too
There is a lot of censorship in the world. Music on radio, television or the Internet is censored. In today's society, the library is a forgotten wonder for the most part, making it an isolated world. The library is a place where the mind can explore and discover as much as it wants. The library should not be a place of restricted discovery, like on television or on the Internet, censorship in libraries should be non-existent. People learn from books; books with happy endings, sad endings, and horrible endings are all capable of providing lessons to the reader. Many say history repeats itself. That is why history is taught in schools so that bad events that have occurred in history can be avoided. The same goes for the books that are on the shelves in the library. By reading a book, the reader is able to experience the life of the characters as if they were living with the characters. Through the experiences of the characters, the reader can observe all the things wrong and well done by this character without actually experiencing the experience. By the end of the book, the reader will have known their perspective on life and will try not to make the same mistakes as the characters in the book. A major fear among parents is the inappropriate language or scenes that @ MONTH1 has to be portrayed in the books. To be completely honest, there is bad language and inappropriate acts in this world. It is much better to make it discovered gradually through reading and perhaps a few life experiences, than to throw it all in the face all at once. The censorship that occurs on radio and television is fine, just when someone wants to improve by reading, they should be able to read whatever they feel. A library is a wonderful place to learn, but if there is censorship it restricts learning. Through reading one is able to experience life without the consequences of experiencing life. All books can be learned, and they should all have the opportunity to be learned.
Have you ever felt like your reading choices are diminishing? Censorship denies us our freedom to experiment to read or listen to what we want, who has the right to tell us what we can watch, read or even listen to? As an avid reader of all kinds of literature, I cannot stand censorship. Children today need to be able to read whatever they want, to open their minds to new ideas and lifestyles. The so-called "forbidden" books are some of the best one can read, as @ CAPS1 we should be able to read whatever we want, whether it is offensive or not. If you want to put some restrictions on a book like an age limit I can understand that but to take them off the shelves completely we lose our greatest right as a @ CAPS2 citizen. Reading and watching or listening to other media is a great way to learn about things other than what's going on in our backyard. Music and TV, I understand some censorship, I don't want my little brother or a younger youngster to hear the "bomb @ CAPS3" or see anything obsene, but these days it's getting more and more besides difficult to control what they watch or listen to to see how so easy it is to get these media sources. Today, many children have access to the internet, which can be good or bad. If a parent doesn't want their kids to watch or listen to anything obscene, they have the right to block certain blocks on their computer. Nowadays, Kisd mainly uses two types of media which are the enternet and @ CAPS4, but a child who wants to read should have as many choices as possible, be it fiction, classics such as' The @ CAPS5 snd The @ CAPS6 ', or educational literature. So, are our reading choices getting scary? Yes, I think so, it has everything to do with censorship. We can't read some of the classics because they are " racist " or " pornographic ", but you have to understand that at the time they were written they were not. so let everyone read what they want when they want.
“ Do you believe that certain documents, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should be taken off the shelves if they are found to be offensive ? " No, I do not think that someone finds something offensive individually mean that everyone does. Everyone has a different opinion, we are all different. We need a variety of all books, music, movies, magazines, etc. Censorship is understandable in some ways. Without one strain for everyone, everyone would have less choice. Your opinions, decisions, outlook on life yourself are unique. How do you tell someone that they can't listen to a certain song or read a particular book? Exactly, that doesn't make sense, does it? If individuals had no choice options, there would be no entertainment. In my opinion; if anyone has such a problem with a certain subject, subject, etc., then leave it alone. It's a big world with more than just you with your opinion. To be open minded! Someone else is probably writing this essay with the totally opposite answer to this prompt. It just shows that nobody's opinion is good or bad. Individuals should all have individuality. Without variety, how is that possible? Music, books, magazines, movies, etc. - disagreements are one thing but in questions like this you have to agree to disagree
“We can all think of a book that we hope none of our children or other children have taken off the shelves. But if I have the right to take this book off the shelf - this job that I hate - then you have the exact same right and everyone else too. And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us. Katherine Paterson said this about the censorship of books in the library. It is a very delicate subject because no one will ever be happy. All books, music, films, magazines, etc. may be considered offensive to someone. When it comes to books in the library, we should have sections. One for @ CAPS3, child, family, activity, romance, etc. if we have them, it would reduce the number of books children can look at. I once went to @ CAPS1 and @ CAPS2 and accidentally wondered in the @ CAPS3 books section. I knew I wasn't supposed to go into this section, but if they had marked it as the @ CAPS3 Books section, I wouldn't have gone. Parents need to monitor what children are viewing, or even what part of the library they go to. If a kid wonders about the romance section then he'll see this kind of book, it's not the libraries fault or even the writer's fault. If the parent doesn't want to watch what the child is watching, they can set limits. they might say 'Don't leave this section.'. If my mom told me that, I would stick around children's books. Parents could monitor the child to resolve the issue. The library needs to decide what type of books it is going to have in the library. If the library doesn't have the kind of books that you don't want your child to see, your child can't view that book. If your public library keeps your books in the open, parents can always go to town hall and tell the mayor, librarian, or other people in town about rude books. If you tell people that the library has these kinds of books, then others will stand up against the books. If you don't like what the library has on the shelves, offer sections for books, watch what your kids are watching, or tell someone who can do something about it. What are you going to do to improve your public library? how are you going to keep your kids from looking at the books you don't want them to see
Censorship in libraries should not be compulsory. Censorship should not block the "allegory" in some books that the author is trying to give the reader a story within a story. Censorship would lead to @ ORGANIZATION1 as in @ DATE1 '. You couldn't understand the true meaning of a work of art that the artist is trying to show, so there couldn't be abstract art possible. The word definition of allegory is a story within a story. This is where the author tries to show the reader. For example as in the book '@ CAPS1 from @ CAPS2' is an allegory. It shows many stories related to each other. When @ ORGANIZATION3 dies on the cliff side by @ CAPS3 when he throws the huge boulder overboard. It shows the fall of man. In the @ CAPS4 where @ CAPS5 eats the apple of the tree and that is why we sin. You can't censor such a good book. A lot of people wouldn't like this book because it shows wild, killing young boys. Everyone has to look at both sides of the story. People need to know the real meaning of what is being said. Art should not be censored at all. Art is what makes people creative. There may be some controversy over how artists make things abstract. Plus, they make things that we use today that we just don't think about that are utilitarian. Which would give you the right to censor their masterpieces. For example, @ ORGANIZATION2 had a dark time in their work and painted demons in their paintings and people might think that is way too graphic. People need to see why he painted such works of what was happening during his life at that time. Censorship is @ ORGANIZATION1 @ ORGANIZATION1. It would be a book titled '@ DATE1' by @ PERSON1. In his book he shows Complete Government @ ORGANIZATION1. We, as members of our government, would be classified as " @ CAPS6 ". The @ CAPS6 made the majority of people and weren't very smart people. I also couldn't think of it for themselves as @ ORGANIZATION1 censored everything you could think of. The @ ORGANIZATION1 did this because so there wouldn't be anyone trying to be a rebel and knocking down the @ ORGANIZATION1. They knew @ CAPS6 could knock them down, but they were at the top of their game and censored everything. This is what would happen if we censored everything. We would all have no personalities. No one could express love like we do now. Censorship in libraries would not be the best thing to do. No one would know either what an author would direct, not a single artist could exhibit their art. Additionally, the censorship would lead to @ ORGANIZATION1 @ ORGANIZATION1. It could not work in our society today. Censorship is therefore not the best idea that one can think of.
Bad @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 disabled yes I think they should be deleted if they are bad. If you didn't tell your parents when you were younger, you don't need to listen to or read it. I wouldn't want my young children to read or watch something they know they couldn't tell my face. There is so much that little children can see. Like any @ LOCATION1 or anywhere there are magazines with women in bras and underwear and it's the same with guys. I don't think it's fair that they put them where it's not so easy for the little ones to see. This stuff is just going to cause kids to ask questions that will force parents to lie. Then there are kids watching tv and they have silly cartoons where kids are out there screaming and talking about sex and then your kid goes to that channel when you are not there for hear all these stupid things. Then they're going to tell their friends what they heard because they think it's cool, so all kinds of kids hear it. When you can just remove channels like this from your TV and make everything easier. I think the worst part is loving that people sign up to kill people and rape children and all that and that. I would never let my kids listen to music like that, I don't care how old they are. I also think that's where most of the stuff kids pick up comes from the music they want to listen to, it's horrible. I would do anything so that the kids couldn't listen to that stuff until their parents didn't care. I know my parents didn't like me listening to it when I was young and I see why now I'm older and I know what it all means so I'll never let my kids listen to it when they are. youth. In all of this I hope I made a good point and hope you feel the same. Why let kids listen to things that hurt them and us, in the long run, it's just not worth letting them do what they want.
I believe that everyone should be free to read, listen or watch what they want. Anything that is publicly exhibited is going to be seen anyway. I think it will be up to that person if they want to read something to mature or @ ORGANIZATION1 for themselves. If it's a child, I think the parent will be responsible for that decision, not the librarian. Books, movies, and music are forms of entertainment. People read @ ORGANIZATION1 material for entertainment, and there is nothing wrong with being entertained. Everyone loves entertainment, but putting a limit on it is unfair. If it is public, it means that it must be published under certain circumstances or according to its age and maturity. Even in a book or magazine, anything you don't want people to see will still appear elsewhere, like on TV or the internet. The public library is the place where people go for books to learn about something, so if you remove the book shelves, someone could miss the education on something. I wouldn't take any books off the shelf because it was put there to read, and it might be a good thing the kid gets that book so that they know about something that is out there. If he is there to read it then let it be read instead of hiding it from them, it only makes children more anxious to read it or see it. If it's in a public library, let it be read, people and children will be free to do anything in the library, unless a parent gives otherwise. all that is publicly exposed in a book, magazine or film will be broadcast on the Internet or on television so children see what they want rather than seniors are okay or not. Nudity, cunning, violence, and provocative material are in everything these days, even cartoons, so there is no way to hide it from kids or people, it's outside of everyday life. .
“We can all think of a book that we hope none of our children or other children have taken off the shelves. But if I have the right to take this book off the shelf - this job that I hate - then you have the exact same right and everyone else too. And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us. @ CAPS1 Many people think that certain books should be banned in schools, quite the opposite is true as students can learn valuable life lessons from these books, gain a deeper understanding of the past and understand the true meaning of style unique of an author. Over the years, many well-written books have been on a "censored list", which means they risk being removed from the library. 'The @ CAPS2 from @ ORGANIZATION1', '@ ORGANIZATION2 @ ORGANIZATION2' and '@ CAPS3 to @ ORGANIZATION3' are all examples of books that have been marked as offensive. These books are all written in their own unique style and can teach each reader a different lesson. While a @ MONTH1 reader loves the story and wears out the pages, another @ MONTH1 goes halfway and never finishes it. However, the belief that there is freedom of choice in reading is correct. “ @ PERSON1's @ CAPS2 from @ ORGANIZATION1 ” is a classic example of a censored book. Throughout the book there is foul language used which is considered offensive to some. However, at the time the book was written, these words were not considered false. Books like this should be kept for the older generations to read; However, we also need to understand that if a parent allows their children to read this book at a young age, there is nothing that can be done about it. However, removing the book from the library is not the right answer. Have you ever heard the saying " learn from the mistakes of the past " ? Books are a fantastic way to learn about the past in a fun and enjoyable way. They are a tool of knowledge. Removing a book from a library is like removing hundreds of pages of knowledge. Each story has a unique style which @ MONTH1 will appeal to some and not to others. There are many books that give readers a better understanding of what the time period in which the book was written was like. '@ ORGANIZATION2' is a censored book known from the start for its somewhat gloomy and gloomy aspects at certain points in history. How many children do we see at school with one of the '@ ORGANIZATION2 @ ORGANIZATION2' books ? They often say it's their all-time favorite book. If the book were to be removed from the library, many students would never have the opportunity to read a fantastically written book, which has a unique style. Throughout our twelve years of school, students learn to think for themselves and make their own decisions. How do we encourage this if we remove materials from their reach ? If we can't let students make such a simple decision as to whether or not to read a book, we are teaching them bad life lessons.
I think there shouldn't be censorship in libraries. All offensive material, as much as the most conservative @ MOIS1 customers dislike it, should be left where it is, that is, in the library for everyone to read. I have several reasons why I think I support my opinion about not removing material that some people find offensive. My main reason is the learning capabilities offered by these articles. Most of the works, even the crudest, have educational value. Without articles based on the less comfortable or horrible elements of life, people begin to understand only in a surreal way, without understanding how less fortunate things work or how to avoid them. Those who pursue a genuine desire to gain knowledge will consider many types of pieces of information, regardless of the topic. To allow this to happen is to allow the library to be used as it was intended to be used, a resource for knowledge. Any offensive material that a @ MONTH1 library has stored should remain there, for learning purposes. No one should be denied the ability to learn simply because of the protective nature of others.
We can all think of or have this book that we are reading and hope none of our kids or other kids took it off a shelf. Well at least I know I have a book like this it's called '@ CAPS1'. Personally, I think this book should be taken away for granted because for the simple fact it is overrated and contains a lot of violence and sex. Some time ago, when I was in seventh grade, I read this book called '@ CAPS1'. I was a good book but it was also very explosive. The book was primarily about this teenager who had a difficult childhood trying to finish high school while still engaged in an abusive relationship, peer pressure, and sex and drug addiction. This book was exposed and very detailed, in which I strongly disagree with other children who read this book. I think that sex and violence should not be displayed in books or any other type of media. In conclusion, I believe that certain materials such as books should be removed from oneself if they are found to be offensive. Books that show a lot of sex and violence should be restricted and not be allowed to leave the library unless they are issued to someone eighteen years of age or older.
I write to the newspaper about the removal of certain materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc. I don't think it should be allowed. I don't think it would be far for the others. I'm going to give you three reasons why you shouldn't let people remove stuff like this from the shelves. @ CAPS1 The first reason is, what if you had a kid and wanted them to see the same movie or book you made when you were little? But they took it off the shelves. It would be sad and you would like them to see the movie or the book you made, but they can't. As Katherine Paterson said, “ We all think of a book that we hope none of our children or other children have pulled off the shelves. " @ CAPS1 The second reason is, and if you and a wife or husband had a favorite song, but they were removed from the shelves? It would be devastating, it would break your heart. Well I know it would be me if it was a wedding song. The last reason and the favorite reason for @ CAPS1 is that you just have your own opinion. Everyone has their own opinion, if you don't want to see or watch them then don't. It's that simple, just try to ignore it. It is really not your problem to worry about. These are just three reasons why you shouldn't let people remove anything from the shelves. As Katherine Paterson said, 'But if I have the right to take this book off the shelf - this work that I hate - then you have the exact same right too and everyone else has the same right. And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us. @ CAPS2 if we let this happen everyone will benefit. This is why I am @ CAPS2 no to letting people remove anything from any shelf
Should we censor books in libraries? Author Katherine Paterson once said, “We can all think of a book that we hope none of our children or other children have pulled off the shelves. But if I have the right to take this book off the shelf - this job that I hate - then you also have the exact same right and everyone else too. And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us. @ CAPS1 provides a very valid point. If we start removing a book that we find offensive, there won't be any more. Books are meant to provide information and insight into someone's life. If we deleted this book, it would be like saying that the idea of this person does not matter. The main reasons we shouldn't show censorship in libraries is a loss of insight, books, and personal creativity. The books give a glimpse into the author's life. Also, things that happen in the story affect the tone or style of the author, like @ ORGANIZATION1. During his lifetime, @ CAPS2 was ruled by kings, so if he wanted to be successful he had to appease @ LOCATION1. It also helped to appease @ LOCATION1 as it sponsored @ ORGANIZATION1 plays. Another example of an author influenced by his time and his education would be @ CAPS3. He was alive in the middle ages and he constantly saw oppressive things like serfs. When he wrote his tales he made the upper class people somehow wicked while he made the lower castes more humble. @ CAPS3 was not afraid to displease @ LOCATION1. If we start removing books from the shelves of a library that we think are offensive, soon there will be no more, as Katherine Paterson said. Where one can find information another can find it very offensive and vice versa. Each book would make someone say they were offensive. It could be the context or the tone or even the person who wrote it; it does not matter. Sometimes the most informative books are the offensive ones. However, sometimes it's good to have offensive things on the books. It builds the tone and mood of the story or character. It could create a certain image. It also teaches us not to know what these people are doing. Books sometimes show us a depressing end of a person who has lived a vulgar or criminal life. These stories teach us life lessons. Yes sometimes I read a book that I find shocking, but I've learned that if I don't like it doesn't mean someone else doesn't like it. It wouldn't be fair then to take away a book that someone might have learned something from just because you don't like it. I'm sorry, the world isn't all about you and me. It concerns us as a whole, and if someone starts to take the pounds off, that will prevent someone else from doing the same. It wouldn't be fair. Finally, if we started removing the books, it would start to influence kids to think it's okay to throw out someone's creativity. It also makes them think that their ideas wouldn't matter and no one would be able to appreciate them. I, for one, don't like to do things if they might offend someone. I couldn't imagine what it would be like in this type of society. Books are important to have. They tell us about events or people that were before our time or issues that some people are having. It is important to be aware of what is going on around you. I grew up ignoring the big problems that were happening in society. My parents tried to protect me from the bad news and the mess in society. Reading books is what opened my eyes to what life really is. So removing the books from the shelves would have hampered the process of my growth. I will always be that ignorant little kid thinking that life ends in a happy forever. Sadly, most don't, but there are some who have happy lives. That's what books are for, to teach people about other people's experiences, good and bad. So @ PERSON2 was wise in his observation. Who should stop someone from removing books once this process has started ?
Books, movies and music should not be taken off the shelves. For many years, people came to the libaray for them. some @ MONTH1 are volgers and they @ MONTH1 are offensive, but there should be an age verification law. as well as to be in consideration for these centerys manners. There are a lot of people who laugh at the horrible thing that people bring to the world. They like to hurt others. Instead of removing offensive work from the shelves, there should be an age limit on what the sertans age groups should read. Yes, there are young children who read this stuff, but it depends on the parents. If there was an age limit on what people should be able to read, that would solve the problem. Likewise, we could ask parents to sign the book saying that their child can read such a book. if we had all of this, there would be no more problems. it would be a nice controlled libaray. so in conclusion this is the way to go. it's the future of tomorrow
Consider that in today's known world, children and adolescents have access to just about everything. If you're asking a teen the same question, should this stuff be taken off the shelves. They might say no. If you ask an adult how they are probably going to answer yes. The music that surrounds young adults and children is not the best. Go ahead and listen you will be amazed. If they have access to it, they will take it and borrow it. I think most of the music and movies on the shelves should be taken off. Now this is only my opinion. Even adults listen to this stuff and watch it all. I'm saying the reason people fail in school is because of all of these things. @ CAPS1 you think about it, they have so many rights that they shouldn't have. If there is anything offensive, then it should be taken off the shelves. They should be replaced with educational things. Let's go back to where it all started @ CAPS1 it all started to come out. Did you have most of this stuff growing up? You probably haven't. But now you can find anything almost anywhere. Which is a little sad if you ask me. Magazines are starting to look more like movies and music, however. Especially with all the nudity and the swear words they show. If you look at athletes, it doesn't matter who they're in trouble for things they shouldn't have said. @ CAPS1 they should teach children not to say that sort of thing. This right will help education and what is not. You can become a more responsible adult by showing them what's right and what isn't. Starting with what they listen to or what they watch. I am not allowed to watch everyday things and yet I do it anyway. It's because my parents don't give me enough discipline and they didn't @ CAPS1 I was little. If you let a child grow up listening and watching what he wants, there is a good chance that he will not do well in school. One way to help is to spend time with the child (ren). Even teenagers. Even if they don't want you too. Talk to them, have conversations, teach them right from wrong, @ CAPS1 you teach a child right from wrong, school outlook will be better
When you take your little kid to the library because he wants a book, you think ' hmmm, there is nothing wrong with the library, these are all education books '. @ CAPS1 would you feel if your kid wanted to watch a movie there ? You would be okay with that because nobody thinks there are bad pictures or bad movies in the library. A little girl might be with her mom at the library in the adult section, and she might see things that you don't want her to see. Love books usually have half-dressed girls and guys barely anything. A child could easily see this and not know what it was about, but they would have this image in their head for a very long time. Some kids might go to the movies section and release a scary movie that shows blood and guns. It's not just the kids who see things, it's everyone. A teenager could easily get a book and not pay attention and see things about the other sex. A couple might go to the library trying to find a good, funny and healthy movie, but might find a movie that they feel uncomfortable with. A senior might try to find music in their day, but when they get it, it's all about drugs, sex, or even alcohol. Magazines always have half-dressed girls, even in seventeen magazines. Automotive magazines of girls modeling in front of cars to make them look more beautiful or fancy. You can get a baby magazine and it shows a nursing mother. You might just have wanted to see if, because of the babies, you or your child did not want to see a mother breastfeed. The library is a very rich place and you can get very good information about things there. They also have bad sides. I think music that talks about personal things and bad things should be in its place. Ditto for magazines, movies, and books, they should all be in one room together, away from everything else in the library. They should have an age limit that you must have to be able to enter that room. They should tell you what type of things are there before entering. I'm not saying the library is a bad place for kids, teens, or anyone else. I just think that some books, music, and magazines should be kept in a different place instead of being out in the open where everyone can see them.
Libraries are filled with all kinds of reading materials. Like books, magazines, and catalogs, but are all of these appropriate for the crowd that is dropping around a library ? My answer is no, but if they were to be taken out of booksellers, no. Although many children use libraries, many adults try to find good pieces of literature, so they should keep these books available to most. When I was in seventh grade I remember reading a book called @ PERSON2 about a child who had been sexually abused I wish I had never picked up that book. Although it scared me very much, it taught me a very good lesson. I learned at a very young age never to hang out with strangers, and without this novel it could have been very different. Therefore, I think it's good to give kids from an early age small real-life doses, not everyone in the world is coated in sugar like @ PERSON3 would claim. From @ CAPS1 to the bible, there is a wide variety of literature. This variety provides stories for many audiences. Libraries try to do their best by categorizing these books so that the little ones don't get their hands on the wrong books. Instead of removing books entirely from the directory, another suggestion that could be made is to have a system like they do for adult video games and only allow people over @ NUM1 to view certain books. . This makes it almost impossible for kids to get their hands on the wrong books. Finally, one suggestion that could be made is to tag inappropriate books such as @ CAPS2.Ds and movies. It might make a little difference and make kids think twice before opening a book intended only for adult audiences. This provides stories for all and protects little children from magazines such as @ CAPS3. As Katherine Paterson put it, “ We can all think of a book that we hope none of our children or other children have taken off the shelves. But if I have the right to take this book off the shelf ... then you have the same right and everyone else too. And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us. I perceive what she is trying to say is similar to who I am. She wants all books provided and children away from them, and hopes children can make the right decision when choosing a piece of literature from a library.
I think if this is a problem for others and not for all, why can't we just break things down into sections. This way there would be no problems. I mean, why change something if only a few people don't like something? It will only lead to great conflict. Think if we were to tr and give everyone what they want, @ CAPS1 wouldn't work at all. So you should just limit things and put them in sequences.
Censorship, a very sensitive subject. @ CAPS1 are so many things people don't like, so they censor @ CAPS2, hiding the idea from people who don't know @ CAPS2. Personally, I hate censorship. I would rather the world be an educated place with minor dangers and then a place where everything is kept a secret and safe. You must be thinking, " @ CAPS1 is one thing we need to censor, @ CAPS2 can hurt the minds of our children. " But in truth, your children will discover anyway @ CAPS2 in the real world. In fact, drugs, alcohol, sex, rape, violence, and all the other things you censor are common things your kids will hear about. Most children hear about @ CAPS2 for the first time in school, normally elementary, and if not, they are likely to find out about it in junior high. If they end up finding out anyway, wouldn't @ CAPS2 be better off just letting them find out ? Now you have to be thinking, " But if they find out too young, @ CAPS2 might screw them up." " It's a risk, but most teenagers are anyway more rasterized when exposed to @ CAPS2 without any prior knowledge. If they already know what they are dealing with they will know how to react, but if they do not know what is going on they could make a major mistake without even realizing @ CAPS2. Again, wouldn't @ CAPS2 better find out from you or a book and then find out the hard way ? Now you @ MONTH1 are thinking, "Our children need to be protected, this knowledge could put them even more at risk." @ CAPS2 @ MONTH1 put them more in danger, @ CAPS2 is still a possibility. The world is full of possibilities however anything can happen. This knowledge that you always keep from them @ MONTH1 will be what they need to know later and won't know when they need @ CAPS2. What would they do if they saw their friends start using drugs, and since they've never heard of drugs, they don't know @ CAPS2 is a bad thing to do ? Or if they see older children drinking and being offered a drink, but don't know they shouldn't be taking @ CAPS2 ? Or if they end up kissing someone they love and @ CAPS2 goes too far, but they don't know what they're doing? Anything can happen and your children need to be prepared. If they don't know about these things, they can't tell if what they're doing is right or wrong, and they @ MONTH1 end up in trouble or getting hurt. Tell them or let them read the books you always censor in libraries so they know. Life is full of risk, so let them know, that way when the time comes they are ready.
As I was browsing @ ORGANIZATION1 and @ CAPS1 as a young girl, I saw a book from @ CAPS2 magazine, seeing this and being a girl who enjoys reading this magazine, I opened it. I quickly discovered that it was a book I would never read. I found myself embarrassed and wondering why they weren't making it clearer that he should be censored. I think censorship in libraries and bookstores is a good thing. Yes, kids need to learn about relationships and intimacy, but it's their parents' job. A @ NUM1 year old girl shouldn't be able to see an inappropriate movie, magazine or book when she wants to because we have to teach them ourselves. Magazine censorship gives children a chance to find out who they are not what the world wants them to be. Censorship of books helps by keeping small children “safe” they don't have to know until they are ten years old. It gives them time to grow. The films that are made give a false look at what sex and intimacy really is. You flip through magazines and see child stars everywhere feeling the pressure to grow up. They think they should dress like an adult and act like an adult too. The kids see this and think if @ PERSON1 acts like this, I should too. The magazine industry really hurts kids in the long run. They put the super skinny model in a barely there bikini. Sports @ CAPS3 is proud of this. Maxim has the '@ CAPS4 @ NUM2 a bunch of @ CAPS8s lying around in clothes that barely cover them. The boys all think it's @ CAPS4 and that's what every girl is meant to look like. They get @ CAPS5 magazines and drool over the look of the center fold. Letting little children see this makes them think they should dress and act a certain way. It makes them think that you dress like this when you get older, you can have all the boys too. Today there are so many books on how to keep your man happy, how to spice up the bedroom, @ NUM3 things to try in bed tonight that a child could just walk around and see. Many of these books have pictures of how to do this and that. That this could really make a child and his parents very uncomfortable. When you go to @ ORGANIZATION1 and @ CAPS1 or any bookstore they have a relationship section, love which are all of those types of books. Lots of young @ MONTH1 think about love, oh I bet it's @ CAPS7 or a book @ PERSON1 and @ PERSON2. They see the cover that intrigues them. They think this girl is pretty. Censorship of these books can bring relief to children and parents. Children can grow as they should. Now the movies are giving a really big pretense of what sex really is. They see people doing all of these things and they think it's okay and you don't have to worry about anything, but kids, here's the kicker, sex isn't all sex. When you have sex, you need to make sure that you are safe. It's not just fun and games. At @ LOCATION1 today, many young @ CAPS8 are being raped. Does that show that in the movie, no, many young @ CAPS8 as young as five think how horrible it was to be raped, but yet we took a step back and let porn be done. The pornography is fake, @ CAPS8 doesn't just stare at itself and turn on. Sex will never be just sex, and by censoring movies, kids don't get that idea until they've really learned and understood what sex means and really is. I firmly believe in censorship. To this day, my parents still make sure the movies we choose are appropriate. Parents and children can learn about sex anytime they want, but some parents choose to wait. By putting these movies and books in a separate area, it gives parents the opportunity to teach their kids and kids time to grow up.
Katherine Paterson wrote: “If I had the right to take that working book off the shelf that I hate ~~ then you have the exact same right and everyone else too.” Quote. Having the right to do something is almost a part of free speech. It is believing in your decision or choice that you made. If I were to reflect my take on censorship in libraries, we would all have the same opportunity to express our opinion on what we think is not included. There might be some inappropriate books in the library that we absolutely don't want our young group of siblings to read. The best thing to do is ask ourselves : should we have the right to give our children the freedom to read, listen, update the media and their publications when we have had it ? Should we really censor libraries? I think censoring a library would be useful since a library is a manual guide to history. Our libraries or organized from A to @ CAPS1 by names of authors, separated from non-fiction and fiction, separate CDs in one section, movies in one section, magazines and adult books separate children's books in different sections. Libraries around the world have had a child who may have chosen a book that was not suitable to read, but which child did not. What would a book hurt them if there was a lot of bad influences, peer pressure, violence, and sexual advertising all over the place and @ PERCENT1 in the media. It would not be fair if we deprived our children of the chance to read and learn from books. I think no, we shouldn't take our learning from our babies. Growing up I loved being able to go to the library, it helped me build my vocabulary, my spelling and I learned a lot of new words. The books I read growing up weren't perfectly @ NUM1, but I could relate to a lot of the books I picked out as a kid, so no I think we shouldn't censor them. libraries, we need them to be a fun place for our children and for us. learning, fun, comfort and etc. We can't take that from our generation, that wouldn't be fair.
Having offensive books and films in a library should not be allowed. If you were in a library and saw a book or anything that you found offensive, chances are someone else will find it offensive as well. So, by eliminating the problem before someone else sees it, it will reduce problems before they even arise. Now more than ever you will find offensive things in libraries. More people are now offended by less important things. One of the reasons for having censorship in libraries is that, if you had a child, would you want them to go to the library and see disparaging writing and movies? I would be very upset if my child were to see this. It teaches them different values and it teaches them that since it is in a library, it must be acceptable to do it in the community. For example, if the library has a book or a movie about drug use or anything sexual they are going to watch that and more than likely do those things, that they might end up hurting themselves or others. . If the government provides the fees for libraries, doesn't that show that our government doesn't care about offensive items on the shelves? It gives them a bad reputation. If we look to our government for support and answers. How would we feel if they had no judgment on the offensive things in libraries? It seems they don't care and it could cause panic across the country. Which would cause a lot more problems than necessary. It would be easier to censor our libraries. If our libraries weren't devoured with negative and offensive literature, we would have a lot more room for things of greater value. We could have books and films that are educational and that will actually teach a person something. Rather than getting them to make bad decisions. There are many other sites and places where you could pick up a book if you really wanted to. It's not just the library that has books. You could find one quite easily if you gave it a try. If a library has offensive stuff I think it wouldn't have a great variety, so it would be a better decision to just look for it elsewhere, where you might find a greater amount of the topic you are looking for. When I go to the library, I go for educational books, not books that teach kids how to “fill a bong” or “different sex positions”. I totally disagree and think it is a negative view of our society putting these things in the hands of our future generation to read. So by putting censorship in our libraries, not only will it calm down some of the problems that are reoccurring in our communities, but it may well eliminate the problem altogether.
There are a lot of different things that can offend all kinds of people. So if we started removing things from TV or books and magazines, we would always take things away. if it is a graphic for children, place it in the adults area. censorship would it be the author to remove stuff not. we need to be more aware of where your kids are and there would be less trouble. If we made the switch by limiting the film's age, we might be even better off. If the parent watched the movie, the parent would be able to tell them what is good and what is not. we have to put more real stories in it and do it where you want to watch it, we could teach more things to kids for them to know. Music should be censored a bit like rap. there is a lot of rap music that should be cleaned up so the little kid can't hear it. There might even be a better way to control these things so that little kids can't get hold of them. We can ask the teacher to help us tell the children and not tell them that it is not right for them to watch this. we also have to watch some of the new cartoons that are on TV. There are some that need to be cleaned up. There are also a lot of different things in what people want. Then there are those who don't care. Maybe one day we'll figure it out and be able to do it
Many people think that books are unnecessary and shouldn't even be on a shelf. Well, I believe that no book is useless and should not be taken off the shelves of any library. All books are worth something for something like careers, and being able to learn new things. The @ MONTH1 magazines aren't of any help for a lot of things like books, but they are something to keep you entertained. Music isn't just something you listen to, but it's something that helps you stay enjoyable and relaxed while reading a book. Movies can have some impact on someone; A lot of people think that movies are just entertainment to watch, but that can be an encouragement, or it can really show how a person acts if you really pay attention and watch what the movie says. No books, magazines, music, or movies should be taken off the shelves because they aren't there for you to read, listen to, or watch, but these things are all there to tell people something about things that they are. people don't even know. People should take a second look at how all of these things can really affect a person's life. More books, magazines, music and movies should be put in school libraries, or even in public libraries. The more people read, watch or listen to these things, the better they @ MONS1 understand life. I've noticed from experience that people just go to the library and read a book just to relax, but at the same time, these people really don't understand what they're reading. It's such a shame that people don't watch what they read, which is why it would be important for more books to be put on the shelves. Just as Katherine Paterson said, "If I have the right to take this book off the shelf, the work that I abhor, then you have exactly the same right and everyone else has the same right." And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us. If people really understood what this quote means, they would better understand what books really mean in life. We should be grateful to have authors like Katherine Paterson in our lives because these authors are here to help us understand the meaning of these amazing books in this world.
A library is a public place for all ages. They have many types of books for specific reasons. For the children, they have a nice, comfortable place where they can pick up a book, sit down and read it. For adults, they have coffee tables, sofa seats, and a lot of different things while they read their books. never should a library have to disclose certain material because of the ages entering and leaving. Censorship of a library would make it difficult to keep young children away from certain shocking documents. I think when a kid is in a library he should go to the specific areas he came to, he should also be supervised while he is in the library. Most kids wouldn't go to a book that doesn't have a lot of pictures or colors in it. The library is a public place and is designed for all ages, although there are bookstores that only sell adult books, movies, and magazines, they still shouldn't throw them out of a library. There should be equal rights everywhere, yes even in libraries. The world is full of offensive things. Now, when a child is not in a library, they can be at home or in a public place and see things that they might also see in a book in the library. The elimination of certain books, films and magazines would really do nothing. I think if parents teach their kids right from wrong, there's nothing wrong with them being in a library that has adult books, movies, and magazines. If I had a library, I personally would not be dealing with all kinds of books that are appropriate for a certain era in my selection of books. I have been to many libraries and seen things that I think shouldn't be there, but at the same time I was not in my right section or doing what I was supposed to To do. I really don't mind this topic, so no I don't think they should take some books down just because kids are in the library.
Censorship @ CAPS1 Was the last time someone told you what you can and can't do? Especially if it was something you didn't want to do. What did it do to you ? You probably didn't want to do it, did you. Censorship is a bit the same. The other day my friends and I wanted to go see a new movie that just came out. We weren't aloud to see it though. You know why? Due to censorship, we were not old enough to see this film. So now the only way we can see this movie is for our parents to come with us. Have you ever had your parents with you and your friends? It's not going so well. Censorship violates the freedom to be different. You cannot listen to music, watch movies, or even read certain books unless you are a certain age. It is not fair. Censorship is like a modern day @ CAPS2. Tells you what you can and cannot do, how to dress and what to say. Everyone would then be the same. How did @ CAPS2 do with his idea, he failed miserably. How do you think the victims of @ CAPS4 felt, were they punished for believing or doing something different. They weren't hurting anyone, they just wanted to live their lives differently. This is what censorship does, classifying people into certain groups. tell them what they can and cannot see, do or listen to. That's what makes the world different, people who are different. Don't make everyone the same.
Everyone has different opinions about literary works, whether it is books, magazines, movies, or music. If libraries took this stuff off the shelves, they would lose things, they would lose children, and they would take away the reason they are on the shelves. These libraries would lose business for people who maybe like the kinds of things they don't @ MONTH1. The people who run the @ MONTH1 company decide to delete jobs older than @ MONTH1 offend the youngest of this generation. The stuff written, sung or performed in these things @ MOIS1 hurts these people but that's not what they're here for. The things that harm people are there to show the younger generations how life was once lived, like with slaves. This would play a role on the children who also use this library. If this literature were removed, @ MONTH1 children think things have always been as they see them. If these kids would grow up and see a book, listen to a song, or watch a movie about how things used to be and how much that has changed, then they @ MONTH1 never believe it because they weren't taught like children. Since they are older they @ MONTH1 still never have the interest in learning this stuff because they never knew they were growing up. These things are written to teach people and children how things used to be, they are not used to hurt people. When people take these things as harmful, they don't get the true meaning the author had in mind when they wrote them. Libraries should keep these pieces of literature on their shelves, only to teach young people where the world is from and how their older parents lived, and where they came from.
I think it should be censorship in libraries. Children shouldn't be able to go to the library and see certain books if they aren't supposed to. It might save people from getting into trouble and reading the wrong stuff. There should be censorship in libraries. I think it should be censorship because they already have stores that have certain things that kids can't buy. Another reason I think it should be censorship is that kids will probably read something and take it the wrong way. When you are a kid and you know there is something that you know for sure that you shouldn't read or watch, you do your best to sneak in and read or watch anything @ MONTH1. That's why if we had censorship, they wouldn't have the ability to do it. Another reason I say we should have censorship is because libraries are public, and if you have to be a certain age to look or see something, you shouldn't have it in the library. As you can see, these are the reasons why I think we should have censorship in libraries. With censorship, no one will feel left out and everyone will be treated the same and will feel the same. They already have bookstores and an online site, where you can buy books and movies, and they don't have censorship, you just need to be a certain age and have a credit card. This way they are sure that you can rent things to them because you have to be a certain age to get a credit card. That being said, I think there should be censorship in libraries.
The library is a place where people can go to read whatever they want. Some people just like to read and others go looking for information. People are allowed to read and write whatever they want and sometimes it might offend others, but there's really nothing you can do about it. Sometimes there may be some inappropriate books in the library or supermarket, but even if it does not apply to you, it may apply to someone else, for example saying that there is a book or magazine that is about being gay and you don't think it should be allowed, but someone who might find it interesting to see how others deal with it. Another topic that most people argue about is books about sex or drugs. Adults who have kids don't want them to read about these things and in a way they could because in a book it might show the reader how bad he is for you and that you don't. shouldn't do them. I know I like to read books like that because it just shows me how much it ruins people's lives and I don't want to live like that. There are some things that I think should not be allowed such as books, magazines, music and films about racism. I don't think people have the right to talk about other people just because their skin is a different color, they have just as much right to be here as we are. Another thing that bothers me is the movies about people with issues like ADHD or Down syndrome and other kids bullying them because it's not a fault like that and that's it simply inappropriate. Some people don't realize that what they write can hurt others and sometimes they write it for that purpose and even though we @ MOIS1 complain about them nothing good ever comes out because everyone has it. freedom of speech and we just have to deal with it. and continue our life. And if there's some inappropriate stuff in the library that you don't like or want your kids to see, don't let them go.
I think some documents should be taken off the shelves if they are racist or contain unsightly images. But this raises the issue of racism, almost all classic books contain some form of racism, like To @ CAPS1 a @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 this book uses the word @ CAPS4 to describe African Americans, but when this book was published it It was a common conversation now, people are looking at you like you just killed the first born child if you had to use that word. For the most part, while the books aren't that offensive, at least none of the books I've read. I know there are books and magazines like Playboy and Maxim that are offensive to women and have probably caused a lot of break-ups and divorces, but they have laws on who can buy stuff like that. I know kids can still afford magazines like this, but they're only a small percentage of kids. I know during @ CAPS5 @ CAPS6 @ CAPS7 in Germany many books were put together because they had something to do with Catholicism or something @ PERSON3 believed to be bad and not what he believed to be race perfect. I know for a short time much of what @ PERSON2 wrote was banned for using the word @ CAPS4, but people must realize that when @ PERSON2 was alive it was a daily laungage . As for me, being a Catholic, there is a Codex of Forbidden Books which is a list of books that I am not supposed to read as a good Catholic. I have no idea what these books are and what got them on this list, but they must be very rude and vulgar to be on this list. I can see how some of these books could be banned. As for music, I think the only music that should be banned is the kind of music that is about killing police officers and hurting people who are trying to make our country a safer place. I know all that kind of rap is what my generation loves, although I don't see why kids love that kind of music. I also think that the music produced by the Arian brotherhood should not be allowed in libraries because the music there is overtly racist. I don't think films should be banned in libraries because of violence or anything of that nature. I think the movie should be banned if it contains anything of the nature of pornography, but they don't leave those kinds of movies in the libraries anyway, so they're one step ahead of me. I agree with Katherine Paterson that she said if I have these rights then everyone has them and there won't be any books on the shelves because someone will find it shocking, then someone else will find something else shocking and soon finally there will be no more books on the library shelves. My take on what I think is offensive is very relaxed compared to others I don't take offense at a lot
The Materials @ CAPS1 Have you ever discovered a book that you thought was really good, but knew it might offend someone you know. My censure on offensive materials in libraries is that they shouldn't be taken off the shelves. People should have their own choice of books, and who has the right to tell someone what they should read. My opinion is that the materials that @ MONTH1 be offensive to some people should not take off the shelf but put in a certain section that says adult material such as books, music, movies, etc. I have myself known not to be able to get a certain movie due to my age. The book was called @ CAPS2 @ PERSON1, but it was just full of action / adventure. It was very unfair to me, just because I was young, I couldn't watch a certain movie. It was an experience that I had, which led me to believe that documents which might show some offense to someone should not be removed. Another reason why materials should stay on the shelf is that a lot of people like different things. No one is going to have the same interest all the time. So removing material is just helping one person, but hurting a lot by taking something they are interested in @ MONTH1. I can understand that people have been through things and might not be happy that offensive material is there. Then again I think not all materials are the same, they can get the materials they like and let the other materials choose from others. In conclusion, I think the documents that offend some people should stay. The reason is that by material which might offend one individual, might be of great interest to another person. This is a saying that I have heard before in ebony magazine, 'another unwanted person @ MOIS1 be someone else treasure' which I think is a good saying for it.
I don't think this stuff shouldn't be taken off the shelves. What I think is that thing should have a rating because it's a free country and for someone to do something like that, it would deprive someone of their freedom of speech. For many people in the past fought simply for freedom of speech. I think if people evaluate the things that come out, they wo n't fall into the wrong hands. It's like saying they should have taken @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 when it first came out of the market because it contains violence, profane language and guns that this company will have lost a lot of money because it's inappropriate for kids. I think parents shouldn't buy a @ NUM1 or @ NUM2 years old something like this, but some parents do. responsive and make sure anything is supervised and carefully monitored. There is an old saying "not everything is for everyone". I firmly believe that; This saying is so true. to deal for you because they say that everything is not for every body and you can do nothing fpring some one.Well all is not approtive for all the world that we all are very limits and if you look what kids watch and do whatever things want to be so unsuitable for this world. Some books that young children shouldn't read because they're having sex in them and they talk about things a child shouldn't even think about at that age. When kids read books like this they tend to think about sex and what they're reading. feel, but kids shouldn't be thinking about this stuff, that's why it's parents' response to the mount what kids read because it's parents job not to do the one who has writing the book because they @ MONTH1 think they are writing to a much older group that can relate to what we're talking about, but again, it's just the spirit and the freedom of speech, one of the rights for which we as a people have fought. I also think music helps us express our selves So if someone thinks music is inappropriate for their child, they should watch what they are listening to. The music brings out the different moods of each body. Not all magazines are for everyone because, as we all know, there are some adult magazines that kids shouldn't see, but you can't blame the creator, only the buyer is at fault. leaving it in the wrong place after doing it. make money with things they know people like.
Don't you hate it when you come across a book you wish you had never written? I'm sure we all get to this point in our lives, constant readers or not. Like a quote I once read, " We can all think of a book that we hope none of the kids or other kids have pulled off the shelves." But if I have the right to take this book off the shelf, then you have the exact same right and everyone else too. And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us. - Katherine Paterson, Author If you ask me, I think there should be some authority over these books. Maybe if we could petition and get at least @ NUM1 people to sign, the book could be taken down. All of this goes for music, movies, magazines, and even Bibles in libraries. I'm not saying we should make a law that says if a person doesn't like something, then no one should have the right to have it. But as an audience, if enough people all agree that we shouldn't have something, then maybe it's best that we don't. We all worry about our kids, having to keep a constant eye on them to make sure they don't get into something that isn't meant to be. The same is true with books and movies, even music and magazines these days, and for some people, even Bibles. Now don't get me wrong I'm sure we all know that when a kid goes to a library and tries to check out an " inappropriate " book , the cashier turns the child down and takes the book. But just think a minute here, that doesn't mean the kid can't go to the library to find a book and read it there. There is also the scenario where, notice that @ MONTH1 will not be your child but with the criminal records today, then it is very likely the child could grab a book, a magazine, even a movie and steal it. In the long run, there is a lot we can do to prevent such things from happening. There could be an adult section of the library, not just for books or movies rated "@ CAPS1", but just a place where we can keep all the books that we don't think kids should read. Still, we should certainly be able to ask for books that we don't think our children should read. Think what you like, but this is my take on library censorship, I hope it's yours now too.
Why should you be offended? The @ CAPS1 is a place where you come to get what you like. Libraries are organized for a reason, what I love is my preference. You don't have to watch it if you don't want to. Everyone has their own taste. Books, movies, music, and magazines are made for people to watch, read, and watch. ect .. People have a preference and they like to have it available when they want it. Libraries are very useful for this. People will find what they like to watch, read and listen to. And others shouldn't be offended by what others like. Most libraries are organized into sections for children, young adults and adults. If there is material that you do not think is "correct" for these sections, you can request that it be removed in another section. But don't think something is offensive and have it deleted because you don't like it. How is it for others who might like it. If you are offended by content that is in a section of @ CAPS1 that you think is not " correct ", then it is possible to move it to another section. You don't have to watch something if you don't like it. Someone else might like it. Libraries are for everyone, and everyone has their own tastes. Don't be offended by what other people like.
Libraries are a place for everyone; from young children to the elderly, so there is material for all ages. When you go to a library you assume that whatever type of book you want to read, they will have it. From personal preferences to school research projects, should libraries have it all? Well, some libraries want to take that concept out. A library has books on almost any subject. This is because of the individual differences of the people who go to the library. Someone from an extremist religious group might go there to read something about their religion. If a strict @ CAPS1 could find a book on extreme religion, he might be offended. However, this situation could go both ways. Due to the individuality of people and the different beliefs and customs, we will all appreciate and belittle all types of literature. Most libraries are large enough to be sorted into sections. There are sections for Young Adults, Mature Adults, Kids, Non-Fiction, Fiction, Sci-Fi, etc. If a child ventures into the mature adult section and flips through the pages of a book that is above their maturity level, then it is the child's fault. Mature people who can handle the content of more adult-oriented books should not be punished by the library for removing all books of that content because a child did not stay in the designated area. Along with different cultural beliefs come different beliefs and views on everyday things. Some readers might strongly disagree with a book, and others might recommend it to all of their friends and family. A book to one person can mean something totally different to another. It might be understandable if there were books on sex, for example, right next to children's books, but that is not the case in most libraries. Libraries might even have a restricted section that alerts readers to the content of books in that specific area. Books in libraries are written for many types of people. Age, gender, religion, maturity, race, political beliefs, etc. will all affect the way you approach a book. Whether or not you are interested in a book depends on your beliefs, values or customs. That being said, why would a library remove books that only a certain percentage of people would disagree with ? Carrying out books on a certain subject might confuse people who like that type of book or it might even relate to their daily life. A library is a place of knowledge. It is filled with facts, beliefs, theories and opinions of people. Would not depriving someone of the possibility of reading a subject revoke the author and his freedom of expression ? Just because of a controversial or mature topic shouldn't mean people shouldn't be allowed to read it. If people could only read a certain literature that someone else decides whether or not it is okay to read, then where is their freedom? A library is a place for everyone. He has all kinds of books for all kinds of people. A library interior could be arranged so that young children do not find a book on sex next to their children's books. Removing certain books on controversial topics isn't fair to those who don't disagree with that topic. A library should be a place of balance. A place where someone can read whatever they want, not what some people think they should or shouldn't read
I believe that everyone has the right to express their own opinion on life. If we censor his books, his music or his films because they are inappropriate, it would be like silencing an opinion that stands out from the rest. If we silence the author and the story or the song, how can we see life from another point of view ? In @ ORGANIZATION1 we have freedom of speech and of the press. these amendments ensure that others can express their opinion without being defeated. Although we have the amendments, there are still restrictions on what we have to publish aloud. Say we found a journal written by @ PERSON1 ? Are we out loud to see his darkest thoughts? or Shall we say it's too dark and depressing for the average person's eyes. His ideas are different, does that mean that they should not be shown? no, we have to show them, we have to educate people that there are indeed different ways of looking at life. I believe that whatever ideas it is, if it is aloud by the author, it should be read and understood in our own way. If anyone wants to know how to murder in a @ CAPS1, I think they should do it out loud. The reason why; The @ CAPS1 becomes absolute, the age of technology has officially arrived. There is nothing that we cannot find in @ CAPS1 that cannot be found online. Although the @ CAPS1 is a government-run facility, many people will go elsewhere to find the material they wanted to view censored media. It is true that if we allowed " censored " material in an @ CAPS1, a child could find it. But like the Internet, you can block these children's things. All voices should be heard, even if she is racist, sexist, biest or just plain crazy. they are ways of seeing the perspective or the reason behind hate and war. if we can learn other mindsets through books, music, movies, and movies, then I think we should do it out loud. Nothing should be blocked from the public. Everyone has the right to express their own opinion in their own way.
KEEP @ CAPS1 ON THE SHELF ! I think we shouldn't get rid of the books that are in the library. If we did that, there would be no more books. The only thing we should be worried about are movies rated @ CAPS2. Yes, these can be removed from the library. If a book is offensive to someone, then don't get it, but someone else might like that book. For example, an older woman is browsing this magazine and she sees this teenage girl doing drugs or being half naked. Although the teenage girl sitting right next to her loves this gossip. We shouldn't get rid of any books because then we would be just a genre. There would be no more categories in the library. A good idea is to separate the books, to put the ones that seem offensive in the back. keep children's books away from the big mysterious horror books. Here is another example. A student goes to the library to work on a history report on slavery, but there are no books on slavery because someone thought it was offensive against African Americans. I understand that there are reasons why some books are taken out of the library due to sexual content. Children don't need to be around these kinds of books. Or books withdrawn because of religious beliefs. like a book came out because it was about worshiping the devil, or something. The situation of the film, I understand. I wouldn't want my little girl to walk up and grab something that has a sex scene or drug content in it. You can take them off the shelf, but wait, there's another example of why it shouldn't be taken off the shelf. Just because I want it in commerce doesn't mean everyone wants it in commerce. Then the library cinema business would be over. In short, no one should choose what should be in the library and what should not be. Personally, I think there should be variety in the library. Otherwise, everyone would miss the same books. Again and again. KEEP @ CAPS1 ON THE SHELF
Katherine Paterson, who is an author, believed that if a book wasn't one she wanted her kids to read, it should be taken off the library shelves. If you found an offensive book in your public library, would you want that book removed from your sight and public view ? Personally, I wouldn't. I wouldn't want the book deleted as this book could be a good learning experience for others. In this essay, I will explain from my personal experience @ CAPS5 that I disagree with Katherine Paterson. In sixth grade, I learned how to find a certain book in a public library using a system. We must have found some books in our school library, using this system, as homework. One of the books we needed to find was @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2. I found it very easily because I knew where it should have been and what it looks like. But there was a kid in my class who had never seen an @ CAPS2 in their life. After helping her find @ CAPS2, she asked, " @ CAPS5 is this book so important to people ? I do not understand it. I explained to him to the best of my ability the life of @ CAPS6 and @ CAPS5 it was important to me. She soon found out that was something she wanted to know more about. It is illegal in some states for an @ CAPS2 to be in school. It is because of the beliefs or non-beliefs of others. If the library didn't have the @ CAPS2 on a shelf, this girl would never have learned something that is now important to her. A book may be offensive to others, but it can change a person's life forever. Katherine Paterson believed that some books shouldn't be found in libraries. Unfortunately, other people think so too. A book can change a person's life, what if that book wasn't in the library to change another?
I think a library can have any type of book indicating any type of material. It's a library, a place where people go to get information. If you don't want your child or children to read, watch or listen to this kind of material, you shouldn't have to let them read, listen to or watch offensive material, until they are a certain age and are mature enough. about that. It's a library, and they're going to have a wide variety of books. I don't think a book should be deleted just because someone is offended or it's too bad or has too many curses for your child. Not everyone takes offense at the same things or the same material. If you do, don't read this book or watch this movie, but that shouldn't mean it needs to be taken off the shelf just because someone took offense. Libraries are made for the community and the people who make it up, not just for one person. Other people may want to read or view material that offends some people. That's what I think of censorship on books, movies, music, magazines, etc. It's a library, they're going to have a bunch of materials. If you find something shocking, be mature, put it back, and find something else to read, watch, or listen to.
In a library, should certain documents, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., be removed from the shelves if they are found to be offensive ? A lot of people @ MONTH1 feel upset if they find a book or magazine or any kind of inappropriate material to see / hear. Inappropriate material is commonly referred to as pictures and / or words that @ MONTH1 offend people. Words in songs can be offensive. Talking about girls disrespectfully in music can offend girls and listeners. Images can also be offensive in many ways, such as gender, race, and violence. I think if you are bothered by any book, music, movies, or magazines, you should steer clear of that section or just that particular material. If you've been to a library, you see that the kids mostly stay in the kids section anyway; and if you are an adult you should be mature enough to ignore what bothers you. I have been to a library several times in my life. When I look for what I'm looking for, I ignore what offends or upsets me. In a library, should certain documents, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., be removed from the shelves if they are found to be offensive ? My answer is no, for the reasons I have listed above. People need to be mature enough to stay away and not let offensive library materials get to them
Who to say what is suitable for whom? to whom to judge the good and the bad for anyone ? It depends on a point of view like most things. Protégés have to learn someday, and if children now learn the truth, for example, not to put forks in outlets, then they won't be so curious when they get older. Being in the shelter is not always a good thing and censoring what we read, watch or listen to is ridiculous and disrespectful to the authors. When it comes to censorship, I find it unnecessary. Censorship doesn't stop your kids from learning anything except mom won't let me watch this. it just makes your kids more curious and more compelled to hide things from you and as if they can't ask you questions or be open and honest with you. The kids put their backs on you more and when in trouble they'll be like the last place they can ask for help, where you should be, they're the first resort. No, I don't think libraries should censor anything. His alteration of an author's work. How would you feel if you had written something and it was published and it was in the library and you didn't like something about it then they decided to just beep it or not allow some people to read it ? I believe censorship should be illegal and not required. Keeping things safe from children prevents them from maturing and experiencing the real world. The idea that the world is okay, or hiding the evil from your children will in most cases cause them to rebel and in other cases leave them unprepared for the future and the real world. Wouldn't you rather be able to help your kids and teach them things instead of telling them that everything is perfect and only bad people use that kind of language. Or make them feel like a bad person for doing something your grandparents did when they were young? I conclude that the censorship is unfair, unfair and that it is really bad. Not the blasphemy or violence that will one day be part of their lives one way or another. You don't live in the " real world " every day with the idea that there is nothing wrong in this world. Or everything is censored and everything is controlled I believe that censorship is just another way to control the mind through culture
I think there is no need to remove items from the shelves for offensive reasons. I feel this for several reasons, but three in particular. First, it's @ MONTH1 of a book, movie, or magazine someone is planning to read, and deleting an item will disappoint the customer. Second, @ CAPS1 has many solutions to try before you check out an item. Finally, customers have to come to terms with certain decisions that a business decides to make. First, it's @ MONTH1 of a book, movie, or magazine someone is planning to read, and deleting an item will disappoint the customer. People come to libraries to see what interests them for entertainment. @ CAPS1 should be all types of literature in the library for all types of people, because not everyone thinks the same. Anytime an item is removed from a shelf @ CAPS1 will be a dissatisfied customer. Second, @ CAPS1 has many solutions to try before you check out an item. Libraries always have some type of organization. In order not to offend anyone, items should be divided into their own categories within their own sections. This solution will prevent anyone from seeing something that offends them. If that doesn't help, librarians should post a sign indicating the type of items inside on the front door, so everyone will know before entering. Finally, customers have to come to terms with certain decisions that a business decides to make. A customer's needs and wants should be met at all times, unless a customer is trying to run the business as if it were their own. If a particular library chooses to have certain types of articles because it knows what readers like, then no one else should be involved. If I owned a bookcase, I would be upset if a customer removed a book from a shelf because it would interfere with my business. In conclusion, I think there is no point in removing items from the shelves for three reasons. First, @ MONTH1 is a book, movie, or magazine that someone plans to read. Second, @ CAPS1 has many solutions to try before you check out an item. Finally, customers have to come to terms with certain decisions that a business decides to make. I think I have expressed my opinion to the maximum. Although some people @ MONTH1 might disagree with how I feel, I do stick with it. @ CAPS1 certainly wouldn't be left with any books for any of us if anything was removed for offensive reasons.
Newspaper Company, @ CAPS1 I am writing to this company to explain why I think certain books, music, films and magazines should be taken off the shelves if they are found to be offensive. @ CAPS1 writing to tell you about my own experience and my readings that will convince an argument. @ CAPS1 reflecting my take on censorship in libraries. @ CAPS1 writes so you can hear me on what I have to say and convince yourself on this essay. First, I think the book should hit any shelf in any library. Rather if it had to do with people's thoughts on religion, race, or anything else that has been offensive to anyone in the past. For example, the thoughts and opinions of people on gay and lesbian marriage on this topic. I think I know that you have to disrespect anyone's opinion of what to say. It depends on what kind of language you are using for that type of topic, if it contains harsh words and is supposed to be harmful then yes it should be deleted. Another thing is that the children took the books off the shelves. Maybe you should walk your child to the kids' section and tell them what they shouldn't do, like picking up stuff they aren't supposed to do. What I'm saying is if you're meant to hurt other people and use negative words to hurt other people's feelings, that should be deleted. My letter to you was to show you my opinion on what I think should be in a library or not. I used a few examples and common sense to show you my take on what I think is right and wrong in this situation. I hope my topics and arguments have convinced you if you have to remove a book from a shelf. @ ORGANIZATION1
Are there universally bad books that no one should read? Are the good and the bad no longer matters of opinion for the readers themselves? The answer is no. Censorship is a terrible practice that masquerades as a godsend. The right to read certain books should not be left to a few curators, because everyone has their own opinion on everything. There is always something we can potentially learn from books, and it's never fair to take it away. Freedom of speech should certainly come into play here too, allowing the words of the authors to be heard without the interference of those who would dictate what we read. There is a reason libraries have many sections. They must respond to the individual tastes of the masses, regardless of what others find offensive. If someone went through the library and burned all the books they didn't like, there would be next to nothing left. Send another person with different tastes, and then you will have a completely empty library. It is far better to leave all the books alone so that everyone can find something to read with pleasure. Basically there are bound to be people who have similar opinions to the author of just about anything, so allow the authors to share those opinions. Then we have the knowledge part of the problem. Material that is offensive to one person can be what another person wants or needs to read, whether it is for fun or for the classroom. There is much to be learned psychologically and human nature from almost any writing. Perhaps a restricted section would be appropriate if the problem involved the corruption of innocent minds, but a full censor would never be necessary. Finally, there is an amendment in @ CAPS1 of @ CAPS2 to prevent censorship. It is unconstitutional to restrict any form of expressive speech, be it books, movies, music or magazines. And what could be more restrictive for an author than to have his books banned? The biggest difference between our country and a totalitarian government is the sheer freedom allowed in @ LOCATION1. If we start to restrict this freedom, what will we be then? In short, censorship is a harmful practice that should never be used. People all have their own opinions, all media can be learned from and our freedom should not be restricted. The practice of censorship is what really should be banned from the shelves.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 is it safe to draw the line of what children should and shouldn't see in relation to the world. What makes children behave better, to be safe from life or to be intelligent in life and to know what is going on in this world. I think it's safe to say what we do or don't want our kids to do, say ect. But in other words, do we have full control over our children @ NUM1. I know this may sound strange, but I firmly believe in the simple fact that children are too protected today ! Our children are growing up with new technology. It is the center for computers and laptops and gaming systems. Our children no longer know what it is to go out. The world still has so much to offer us, we refuse because we also see what all the new advancements have to offer. I think it's very important to be smart in books as well as on the streets, if you spend all of your @ CAPS3 doing one thing at @ CAPS3 you will end up missing a thing. I believe the notes will come. I think our children are too protected for the simple fact that when our children see something that we don't want them to see, or that they are not ready for, they are not allowed to see it, but who can tell on the days when you don't watch them that there won't be going to the real world and just seeing exactly what you didn't want them too ! This is why it is important for you to teach your child what is going on in the world and not to leave him in the dark. We are also living in a new era of life, where computers and laptops are currently the first thing in the world to use and use throughout the day. It is difficult for children to understand the reality of life since everything is done on the Internet now. It's a privilege to be so advanced in the world and yet we still don't know what to do! As we get older we are not going to know as much as we need to know and teach because as we get older we become more logical and more information about documents on the web. Children won't know how to fix cars or start a lawn mower. I think that books should not be taken off the shelves because as the days go by, the reality of children is more and more taken! I think it's very important what kids learn about everyday life because it's our future and if they have no idea what's going on and it scares me because it is going to be a lot more battles for our kids to fight, we have to teach them all we can and hope they become the best people they can be in life! Thanks for your @ CAPS3 ! Become
Censorship in @ ORGANIZATION1 has been around for as long as the various mediums of art. In many cases, @ CAPS9 censorship of what many would agree to as inappropriate material for anyone to create and enjoy. But then in other more serious cases that the censorship deemed unsuitable for a certain audience, or even a whole country. What is @ CAPS9 that gives the privileged few the right to ban a given number of imaginative creations, even if they are, in some ways, more natural ? Censorship is and @ CAPS9 remains a very useful tool that many governments use to accomplish a wide variety of tasks considered to ensure the “safety” of our mind and body. Some of the best-known cases of this most despicable control tactic come from the countries of @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ LOCATION3, @ LOCATION4R, @ CAPS3 @ LOCATION5 and @ LOCATION2. In these countries, all materials deemed potentially dangerous to the well-being of @ ORGANIZATION2 are tightly controlled and, in many cases, destroyed. The most notable examples of this have happened at @ LOCATION3, where the @ CAPS4 was picking up large amounts of people's books and burning them in mass gatherings. People were so enthralled with the leadership of @ CAPS5 that they would often freely drop their books without resistance and in some cases join in and throw the books themselves. The same @ CAPS9 is still happening in @ LOCATION5 today, with censorship still on their internet browsing capabilities. At @ DATE1, the popular search engine @ ORGANIZATION3 attempted to establish itself in the country, but soon came into conflict with @ ORGANIZATION2 over censorship of certain content. A few months after the start of the @ LOCATION5 employee censorship row, the company completely removed all bans for a short time, much to @ ORGANIZATION2's dismay. Meanwhile, @ CAPS9 reported that some of the main research topics were those of many social reformers and religions other than the religion sanctioned by @ ORGANIZATION2. But the only country that wins the cake for having the most censorship @ CAPS9 @ LOCATION2 is @ ORGANIZATION2 has restricted and monitored all technology in the country. Ordinary people live in a so called '@ CAPS6 @ CAPS7 @ CAPS8'. In our home country of @ LOCATION1, we are promised many rights to protect our freedom as citizens. We are promised freedom of speech as well as freedom of the press, and by censoring our libraries, they would restrict both. If we don't stand up and protect our rights, then who will? Are we not an @ ORGANIZATION2 for the people, by the people? Why do we allow the censorship of our own intellectual creations in a place that was created to provide access to these materials to those less fortunate, so that they themselves can acquire knowledge and understanding. If we as a people were to allow such a blatant restriction on our freedoms, then we are not in a position to have them in the first place. Our country was founded and later almost torn apart by men and women who were willing to risk anything to protect their freedoms in this country. Are we the descendants of these same people? If so, why should we allow ourselves to waste what was hard fought and won by our ancestors. The censor often asks a few questions which lead one to ask '@ CAPS9, is it really better like that?'. They point out that for every great intelligent work of art, others of a more deviant nature create more inappropriate “ art ” works . Pornography @ CAPS9 the most prevalent of their examples, pointing out that if they don't restrict it then that would stop the hundreds of kids browsing not only library shelves, but also the internet services provided. This is @ CAPS9 a reasonable question, once it should be considered, but in response I think it is @ CAPS9 and will always be the job of the parent or guardian who brings the child with them. It @ CAPS9 just isn't enough to drop a kid off at the local library and hope they find something interesting. Help this child find what he wants @ CAPS9 a journey that should be taken by both parent and child. And what about those who think censorship isn't always right about what @ CAPS9 and @ CAPS9 are not acceptable to the general @ ORGANIZATION1 ? As author Katherine Paterson once said, “ We can all think of a book that we hope none or other children have taken off the shelves. But if I have the right to take this book off the shelf - this job that I hate - then you have the exact same right and everyone else too. And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us. Censorship has been around for a very long time and will probably never be completely removed from all operation of @ ORGANIZATION2. This @ CAPS9 is unfortunately a fatality that cannot be avoided. But the amount that occurs in your daily life will be directly affected by the amount of freedom that you are willing to stand up for.
Almost everyone in this world reads. A lot of people have to read almost every day, people @ MOIS1 don't realize it but they do. Reading is just a part of life If you can't read, chances are you won't be successful. Even if you can read a little, if you just knew the basics people would probably be fine, but people definitely need to be able to read. No, I don't think they should take anything off the shelf. Why would they take something off the shelf? If anyone finds it offensive, they shouldn't read it. Just because it offends them, other people @ MOIS1 find it interesting. If people started taking books off the shelves because they were offended, who knows how many books we would have left. people can be offended in the simplest way. We couldn't have books on the shelves because almost any book can offend someone in some way. The same with movies, movies can offend people just like books. I think movies would offend more than a book. In conclusion, books, movies, or anything else shouldn't be taken off the shelves because they have offended someone. Many people take offense at this easy-to-word manner. One person @ MONTH1 loves a book and another person hates it. Just because you hate it doesn't mean it needs to be taken off the shelves
Censorship is one of the many important issues facing the world today. Many argue that materials deemed offensive are harmful to society and should not be tolerated. Others believe that freedom of expression is a universal right that should extend to all forms of human expression. The question is further complicated by the concept of what is and is not appropriate for children. Are there materials that are acceptable for adults, but not for children ? Questions like this have plagued mankind for hundreds of years, and there is no simple solution. Today, so many people think censorship is a bad word. In fact, there is nothing fundamentally wrong with the concept of censorship. It's only when people start to abuse their power and censor documents that shouldn't be censored that problems arise. For example, many countries have restrictions on the sale and possession of copies of "@ PERSON2", the book that @ PERSON1 wrote as a kind of mission statement for @ LOCATION1. While many of the ideas in the book are horribly offensive, it still shouldn't be censored. People have the right to read the book and make up their own minds about the teachings of @ PERSON1, it is not for the government to decide for them. While oppressive dictatorship and mass murder are crimes, reading about them is not. There is little material available that should rightly be censored and removed from the hands of adults. If someone understands what they are reading and is able to form an informed opinion about the material, then no one has the right to prevent them from expanding their knowledge or expressing themselves by creating similar material. However, the question changes completely when you consider children. If adults want to watch pornography or read stories of extreme violence, that's their business. However, these concepts are obviously inappropriate for children, and any decent parent would not want their young children to fill their heads with such things. Children should be introduced to these concepts slowly and gently so that they can fully understand them. In the case of children, careful censorship is necessary for healthy development. When it comes to libraries, there are very few materials that should be banned. If libraries are meant to be places of learning, then one has no right to limit the information they contain. However, that doesn't mean that there shouldn't be limitations. Libraries should offer a children's section, as many do, which would contain material only appropriate for young people. Then it is the parents' responsibility to make sure their child stays in this section. When a parent thinks the child is ready to explore the adult section, they are free to take their child there. This system gives parents the ability to keep their children away from harmful material, without removing it from adult hands. Many would argue that unsupervised children could gain access to inappropriate material, but this is really an issue that needs to be addressed by parents, not the library. After all, it's better for a few kids to see something they shouldn't have for all adults to read censored material. In conclusion, censorship is a concept that has its place in society, but should be used with great caution. When the goal is to protect people, especially children, from harmful substances, it can be used sparingly. However, when those in power use censorship to attack ideas with which they do not agree, it becomes a form of oppression. Above all, people must be free to educate themselves, to form their own opinions and to express themselves. If someone doesn't like a piece of gear, they can leave it alone, but they should never try to get it out of someone else's hands.
Books can make a very deep impression on the reader, and sometimes those impressions are not appropriate for the reader. Books deemed unsuitable for children or even adolescents should be re-examined for removal from shelves exposed to children or adolescents. I think children should not learn inappropriate material if they are not ready to learn it, in other words if it is not suitable for their age. Books are only one thing, there are also movies, music, magazines, etc. All of these things can give our children and teens the wrong idea. Inappropriate media or information should not be exposed to people who are not ready or mature enough to watch movies or read books that could harm them or give them the wrong impression. Children who have read books or watched inappropriate media can sometimes change the way they live. I think a lot of kids who watch movies in particular shouldn't be exposed to it. Some of the movies I saw were very inappropriate and I couldn't imagine young children watching these movies. It's because I don't think kids know as much as we do, so it will give them misconceptions that they've taken the wrong way. I believe that inappropriate books or media can change children's childhood in a negative way. Children and teens also need to be mature enough to be exposed to all books, movies, and magazines. If all age groups were exposed to all the top rated movies, books and magazines, I don't think it would be very responsible on the part of the libraries, or whoever was exhibiting it. I think society would be harder to control with that kind of media everywhere. Parents also wouldn't appreciate it if their kids read or saw something that they thought their child shouldn't be exposed to. I think kids are just not mature enough to be exposed to all the books, magazines, and movies. It would cause a lot of problems for a lot of people. A lot of kids would do stupid things that they've seen in a movie or read in a book that they find cool, or that they should try. Already have a problem with pre-teens or teens. This is because many of them are exposed to things at an early age that they shouldn't see that affect their actions. There are a lot of actions that I have seen or heard about a book or movie that probably wouldn't have happened if the person hadn't been exposed to it. Children just aren't ready or mature enough to be exposed to everything that books, movies, or magazines have to offer. It can change the way kids think, or what they think is physically cool to do. I think it's bad enough that a lot of teenagers have already been exposed to a lot of these things. This should be a wake-up call for those with children. Books should not be on display to all age groups as this will harm society and anyone who is not ready to learn or witness what they want.
Censorship has become a major topic when it comes to books, music, and movies. These are censored because people do not want young children to read, listen to or view these documents. What about adults? Books, music and movies taken from library shelves because of censorship are not fair to adults. The books are now being rewritten so that they don't have offensive language. AT @ CAPS1 A @ CAPS2 is a classic example. Changing the offensive language of this book would totally ruin it. This book deals primarily with the racism white people had towards African Americans, and if that were changed, readers would not have an idea of this racism. If libraries have censored books, they should put them on a shelf for censored books only so adults can still read them. Music is another piece of material that censorship has taken hold of. Offensive language is removed from songs, and uncensored CDs are not sold in some stores due to censorship. Some adults like the original songs with the original lyrics. Libraries should bring both self-explanatory and clean versions of CDs to those suitable for children and those adults can listen to. Movies are another piece of material that censorship has taken over. They are rated @ CAPS3, suitable for all ages, @ NUM1, suitable for children @ NUM2 and above, and rated @ CAPS4, suitable for people @ NUM3 and above. These ratings are good guidelines, but parents should be the ones making the final decision on whether or not their child should be able to watch a certain movie. Libraries should have all kinds of films on their shelves. If a twelve-year-old wants to watch a movie @ NUM1 or rated @ CAPS4, they must be able to do so with the consent of a parent or guardian. Censorship is good, but it doesn't need to be taken to extremes. If an adult wants to read a censored book he or she should always be able to read it in his or her local library and if a young child wants to watch a movie rated @ CAPS4 he or she should be able to do so with the consent of a parent or guardian. .
There should not be certain types of books in the library. Books should not be taken off the shelves just because some people find them offensive. Don't buy the book, others might like it, it's just for entertainment. If you don't like the book, you don't have to get it. When looking for a book, if there's one that doesn't feel right, just look past it. It won't even be a problem. There are a lot of books in the library, you just have to find a different book instead of just focusing on that one book. There will always be many more books to look at. If there is a bad book, just go to another section of the library. There will be more good books for a person than bad books. If other people would like the book, the library will not remove the book from the shelves. This is @ MONTH1 offensive to some people, but there will be other people in the world who will like this same book. Some people go to the library just to see these kinds of books. Some people like certain types of books, maybe this was not the right section for a person. The book could be an interesting book all there is to do is try it. If anything the reader might even like the book and check it out. Books are there for entertainment. This is why they have so many different sections and selections to choose from. If an adult doesn't like a children's book because it gives the kid a bad idea, then don't buy the book for the kid. Another parent might come in and think the book will be perfect for their child. Books should be on the shelf for anyone visiting the library. Librarians will not take books off the shelves for one person's opinion. When all they have to do is not get the book, think others might like it, or remember that they are there for the reader's entertainment.
I think censorship is stupid when it comes to putting it on adult shows. I can see why they put it on kids' shows ... but really, are you going to put this in some good movies? or song !? what ever happened to freedom of speech?
Dear Diary: @ CAPS1, there should be censorship in libraries, but people should be a certain age just to read the book. Some people go to libraries just for censorship. Censorship these days is all about getting children or students to buy a book. Also, if parents read cebsorship books aloud because they think it does not harm the child, it is not. Put an @ NUM1 and older section in the libraries so not everyone can get in unless they have @ CAPS2 just to fix the age issue. Either way, libraries will lose whatever little money they get from people. I don't think censorship should remove all library shelves, but it really doesn't, because I think if you do that, the libraries will shut down for good. This is the reason why libraries should maintain censorship on their selvies. I'm done, but I'll leave you to this question: do you really want to get out of the censorship of libraries?
Now take a moment and head back to school. Do you remember wandering under the opera house with the ghost? How about fighting for the freedom of @ PERSON2 with @ PERSON1 ? Maybe people are having trouble at @ LOCATION1 with @ CAPS1 ? Whatever your favorite piece of classical literature is, you will remember the wonderful feeling you had while reading it. He enveloped you in his world and you felt all the sensations he offered. What is it though? The author is a @ CAPS2. The author occasionally uses swear words. The author is a woman. This is not an acceptable excuse to miss out on all that the literature has to offer. Censorship in public libraries is wrong. @ CAPS3 was a dark time. Thousands upon thousands of people @ CAPS4 have been killed for their religious belief, along with gay people and other minorities. In the midst of all this chaos, the @ ORGANIZATION1 decided that it would be a good idea to burn all the books written by the authors of @ CAPS4. So they did. Millions of books have been eradicated with their owners because of a religious difference. Does he even need to be asked? It was wrong. Many say that ignorance is bliss, but is it really the case when people impose their ideas on others? Now let's see what offends a book, movie, magazine or song to be censored. A bad word, a bit of skin, a controversial idea. Sometimes these are needed to focus on compilation. Imagine how less powerful an angry character would be without a few curses every now and then. Pathetic. So is it worth it for you? Do you give up a beautiful composition because it is controversial? Are you going to hide material from your children that will lead them to make up their own minds ? One thing's for sure, I won't. I will oppose censorship until it has felt the mighty blow it has dealt to so many fine works. One day my plea will be heard. Censorship in public libraries is bad no matter how you say it
There's a bunch of really good books in a public library, you can get all kinds of different kinds of books. You get a book on everything you really need, all the facts you need to know, or whatever you want to know how to do, I'm sure there is a book out there that can help. Just because a book is an option doesn't mean it has to get off the shelves. Everyone looks at everything differently. If you read it, it can help you in different ways, you can learn a lot by reading a book. Personally, I hate to read, so I don't learn much. I'm more of a practical type of person, words just go through one ear and really come out the other. You really have to understand when I try to read and listen or write a listen I easily lose my thoughts
I would say no. Because it was all history let's say you had like a kkk thing or something like that. let's say you had a wighting port but you need the information for it. you would need information for that and that information would have notes, dates and other things
I believe in censorship, but I believe it's not that bad. Parents should be responsible for blocking materials that they think are bad for their children. If it is too serious, parents have the right to make sure their child does not see it. My take on stopping materials like books, music, movies, and magazines is that there are some things that shouldn't be shown, read, and heard by a younger person unless they get the agreement of his parents. The censorship point of view in my mind is that if someone sees something they don't like they want to get rid of it and if something is wrong then yes it should be censored but if it could be avoided and was small as a word in a book then I'm saying people should be a little more understanding and try to think beyond it or try to find another way forward. If you don't like something, maybe you shouldn't read or listen to it, and if it's that bad, don't let your kids get involved. I never found a book and read it and found it distressing or disgusting. I have found books that I don't like or are not good, but I've never seen something so bad that I never want anyone to read it. If people are going to censor something, I think it should be for a good reason, not because they don't like the person or because they think their idea is wrong, but for something that is wrong. about a breed or a design for a young age. My goal in censoring something in my mind is the right way to see it, we see it all the time in the real world, people do something because they don't like someone, they try extreme things to get rid of a bad marerial, but in any case there are a lot of things in this world that people should know and when I have children I will decide to block something if I don't want to and this is how it should be
If I gave the option to choose whether people should remove books from shelves or not offend people at local libraries, I would think neither removing books from shelves nor leaving them on @ CAPS1 is quite correct. I would definitely recommend having a vote on what to do with the books. I would say a vote would be reasonable because a lot of people have many different beliefs, which some might take offense to. So I would take at least ten different people with different religions, different backgrounds, and so on, and I would have them all vote on what they thought they should do with the offensive books. People believe differently, so it would be difficult to please them all. This is why voting with different types of people would be effective for almost everyone. Just like my mom said, "you will never make everyone happy". @ CAPS1 there are so many things in today's society that can offend people, and what might offend one drastically, might have no effect on the other. This is the main reason why voting is difficult, as @ CAPS1 represents a wide variety of people on earth today. You'll probably also need to look at how many times the book has been viewed before, as @ CAPS1 is a possibility that no one in the voting group has the same opinion as those who have viewed it before. Although if the book is voted to stay in the library, I think the book should be labeled in the correct area. Since the book might offend some people, it should be tagged in case someone unfamiliar with it, such as a child, stumbles upon this book. Voting is used in our society today and has been very effective for many years now. Voting should not only be used during an election, but can also be used for this reason. Voting is always important and people should take notice. I believe that voting could be the answer to many problems in the world today
Anytime a few bad things have been said, how or what people read @ CAPS2 a day. That's what's hot about this present life. No one wants to read a boring article unless it is meant to be. I will share with you my opinions on certain materials, such as books, music, magazines, etc., should be taken off the shelves if they are found to be offensive. I have observations, experience and reading some of my articles which have been labeled as offensive to prove my opinions. In my opinion, no one should take the work off a shelf for something because I'm sure they've done a lot of work on it to put it on a shelf. There is therefore no reason to remove it. If it was my things that had been taken off the shelves, I would be shocked and upset. So that's one of the reasons you shouldn't do it. It could hurt people emotionally. Follow that statement, but there may be times when you just don't want them seen because they're too embarrassing. Like an athlete interviewed in an @ CAPS1 article, who has been suspended from his sport for infractions, and this athlete is just cursing and getting out of control. I would put this item away too, just so the audience wouldn't see it and no one would get angry. Finally, @ CAPS2 everyone knows that certain types of films and music cannot be exhibited in public. So you will have to ask for the movie or @ CAPS3 and someone will pick it up on the back for you, due to explicit content or explicit lyrics. G- @ CAPS4 @ NUM1, should be the only movies allowed on the shelves, ratings @ CAPS5 and above should be behind the counter, and the same goes with music. I'm sure that's clear with this audience. @ CAPS2 that I have shared with you my opinions on different views on censorship in libraries, what do you think of this topic as you read this persuasive essay. You've read my thoughts on the experience, observations, and just common sense on this topic. If you were to write an essay on censorship in libraries, how would you get there.
Materials such as books, music, movies and magazines are used for the enjoyment of people. Both adults and children get a lot of information from library reading materials. Books give people another way to learn new things, rather than in the classroom. If the reading material is already in the classroom, it should not be removed. If someone walks into a library, they must be responsible. Adults as well as young adults need to know what to read and what is not acceptable. No one has the right to take a book off the shelf because they think it is offensive. There are millions of books in the world that people find offensive. There isn't a perfect book in this world that doesn't bother anyone. Every book that is made today has the right to be read. There are people in the world looking for a certain book, magazine, movie, and even music. This material helps you find the answer to a problem, make the right decision, and help someone walk the right path. The @ CAPS1 is a book of understanding and knowledge. There are quite a few people who think we shouldn't be reading it, or even picking it up. As @ CAPS1 says, free will. It is our free will to choose the books we want to read. Books give people another way to learn new things. Both adults and children get a lot of information from library reading materials. Books, music, movies and magazines are used for the enjoyment of people
Should offensive material be censored? No, censorship of books, music, movies, magazines, etc. takes away our freedom as an American citizen. If you think books should be censored, then think about it. Would they remove " hell " or " damned " from the Bible because these words are considered offensive ? I don't think those words empower the book. The @ CAPS1 books, considered offensive, are a glimpse into history and culture. Removing these books will limit education. Books should not be censored. The popular book '@ ORGANIZATION1 @ ORGANIZATION1.' The book tells the story of a young white boy who runs away with an older black man. In history, the word "nigger" is frequently used. A lot of people were offended by the use of this word, so they republished a new version of the book, replacing “ nigger ” with “ slave ”. The folks at @ CAPS1 were happy with the word change, but others felt that by censoring the word it took away a very important part of the story. I agree with this last statement. The setting for the story was when black people were slaves and known as negroes. I agree that the word negro has a strong connotation, but that is the purpose of using the word. The author used it so that the reader can get a feel for life at the time. Thinking of the generations to come, who will not experience black slavery or oppression, the book gives a raw glimpse into the life of a black man. The word itself is a symbolism of slavery, without it the book is not as powerful. Censorship is a fine line, and everyone has a different place where they draw that line. The story of @ ORGANIZATION1 is just one example of censorship. On television, nudity and language are censored when deemed inappropriate. It should be up to parents to decide which books the child should read, which magazines to buy and which television shows to watch. If the parent considers the book offensive or thinks their child shouldn't be reading it, then they should be the one to make sure their child does not read it. Books should not be removed from the shelf as they will entertain and educate other children or parents. Books shouldn't be censored, if a person doesn't think the book is appropriate then they don't have to read it.
Imagine @ CAPS1, you are in the library looking for a book to read, as your son or daughter runs up to you holding a magazine of a questionable nature. What do you do? A library should not have inappropriate items on the shelves. Censorship of libraries is something to protect you and your family. Libraries should be censored so that everyone can have fun. The number one reason I think libraries should be censored is because of the kids going there. Children are curious and they are always drawn to colorful and different things. An example I have of @ CAPS1 is my little sister. She wanted to go to the zoo rather than the museum because, as she said, “I want to see the animals, not a boring statue. I can see them anytime in town. @ CAPS1 shows that children want to see different things and if they were to go to the library and see the same items there would be nothing to worry about. The first time they see something of a questionable nature, they'll want it because it's new. The second reason why libraries should be censored is that sometimes not all items in the library are placed in the right place. Say you wanted to watch a movie that sounded really good and you watched it in the library, came home, put it on and find out it's not the movie you thought it was that was. How about renting this movie for a party and entertaining guests? Wouldn't that embarrass you? Well something like this happened to my cousin but she got a @ LOCATION1. She was embarrassed for weeks after this happened. All this embarrassment could have been avoided if libraries had had to be censored. The third reason libraries should be censored is that sometimes seeing certain material in a library can be quite offensive. Would you be offended to see something like this? I know I would. I wouldn't want anyone to be offended like that. When I was little, I used to go to the mall with my grandmother. They were trying to buy me a new pair of jeans. I was offended when the salesperson said I looked fat with the jeans I had chosen. I know what it's like to be offended and people should consider other people's feelings before offending. While some people think it's good to have inappropriate material in a library, I think they should find other places for it. Think about your family and how much you love them. Think about what not having a censor on libraries can do. Do you want to be responsible for doing nothing to help? Try to find ways to get tougher library censorship laws
Why should books that some people love to read be taken off library shelves ? It's ludacris. There are so many alternatives to completely removing these certain books from the shelves. We have all seen or heard of books that are inappropriate for certain audiences. It is understandable that young children should not read or be associated with this type of material such as: books, magazines, poems, films, songs. It is totally unnecessary for children to read such explicit material, but it is possible for us to prevent it. One way libraries across the country can prevent this is by creating completely different libraries or by having explicit materials located on the opposite side of the library from children's materials. I know libraries tend to have opposite corners of the library dedicated to adult material and children's material, but there should be stricter rules for kids to be in the adult section. Another idea is to have parental permission on the child's own library card telling the librarian, when the child checks out a book, where in the library they can get a book. For example, maybe only the parents of the child will allow him to get materials from the children's section of the library ; therefore, if that child wants a document from another area of the library, he cannot get it, unless his parents tell the librarian that the child is authorized to get it. I know when I was a kid and couldn't do something my parents did it upset me, but now that I look back I understand why they wanted me not to do what they were doing. They wanted me to be a kid for as long as possible. They knew that if I read or listened to inappropriate material, I was growing up way too fast. I know it now and I now understand what they wanted for me. In conclusion, let's keep those dirty books and magazines away from the younger ones. I don't want it to be banned from libraries or removed from libraries ; I just want to see parents become parents and not let their young children be exposed to this kind of thing. It is not the libraries' fault that the children of the people are exposed to this explicit material; it's the parents' fault for letting it happen
Should offensive material be removed from the shelves ? Should the movies you loved and used when you were a kid be gone in an instant ? Magazines are offensive, they always have been, they get the truth from celebrities and people, and they twist what they say into something totally different from what they said. There are tons of movies in this world that are going to show people bad, replay a bad part of someone's life, say things about people. Music is just words and sounds, they make songs about people who have done things in the past, these people would find offensive. Saw a music video on @ PERSON1 and laughing at her in jail, but I think it should be taken off the computer, no it's entertaining. This world needs something to keep us busy. Imagine what it would be like if we had no reporters, no paparazzi. We wouldn't know anything about what's going on in the world, and seeing things about celebrities that they would find offensive I can understand where they're coming from, we talk about it all the time, especially the mistakes you make. have committed in your life, but this is how the world works, it will always be a part of everyone's life, talk. So like I said getting rid of movies, music, magazines, books that are offensive wouldn't be a good choice in my opinion, because what would keep us entertained if they disappeared ?
Here at @ LOCATION1, it's in our constitution that says anyone can have free speech. Freedom to say whatever they want to change their minds and express their individuality and opinions. It should also include books, music, movies, magazines, and any other form of entertainment. However, there will always be people who might take offense at the ideas and opinions of others that accompany free speech. In the event that someone finds some type of offensive material in a public library, then it should be known that he or she should not observe the type of material given. He or she shouldn't have a temper tantrum about something he or she finds offensive when others find it very pleasurable. It is from this person's point of view that she must understand and attack freedom of expression. What they don't like @ MONTH1 could very well be what other people like. So why should other people's pleasure form be censored and taken away from them just because of one bad lemon? It shouldn't. Everyone expresses themselves in their own way. It is a form of outputting positive and / or negative energy in a healthy way. Whether it's writing books, posting articles, or writing music, this is a way to let off steam and some people @ MOIS1 love the style of this chilling person. It is entirely up to that person who takes offense to the materials whether or not to observe such a style. Censorship should not be allowed in libraries. If there was any kind of censorship, it would take away what a person would like to enjoy. It would also take away the freedom of speech and expression from artists or authors. There are books that have been banned in schools all over the country. It's not always because they think it's fair that it's right. Of course, they just want people to be protected from certain offensive things. but why take them away from the real world? Let people discover what this world is like and its different types of art.
Censorship of books? I never thought I would see the light of day. But, that doesn't necessarily mean that I approve or agree. Just because I don't approve or agree that I don't oppose it. I find the need to take a step back and argue from both sides is sufficient and fair. Let's go? Among other things, I find that if you censor one thing, you censor them all. Public objects such as televisions, radios, magazines and even books have made their way into our not-so-perfect world. Yes, there are crimes and indecencies that are happening as you read this. But, is it entirely fair to say that these public objects completely influenced and brainwashed children into adulthood? May be. Again, maybe not. It is true that children, at a young age, are easily molded and cut into what they will be all the time, or at least until they are old enough to form their own opinions on certain matters. For example, when I was younger my cousin, who is only a few years older than me, started to like a certain thing. After spending time with her for a long time, I started to “ like ” her too. I found myself obsessed with it. Now before I start to think that was something bad I can assure you that it was nothing but stacks of @ CAPS1 cards. Anyway, it wasn't until later that my mom informed me that it wasn't really my interest. It was his. I modeled after his likes and dislikes. Every other kid in the world has done something similar. What makes someone think that they wouldn't do the exact same thing after listening to uncensored music, watching uncensored TV, or reading an uncensored book or magazine ? On the other hand, it would be unfair to remove certain books that people find inappropriate or indecent. If so, almost all the books would be out of sight, but not out of mind. Today you can't turn on the radio without hearing about sex, drugs, alcohol, or tobacco. Now these things are much more accessible to anyone. You cannot turn on the computer without ads for porn or other sexually rude websites appearing on your screen. The books also got out of hand. Today's world has become ridiculous and out of place. But in the end, I stick with my original opinion: if you censor one thing, censor them all. It's just. Radio, television, movies and even @ CAPS2 have been censored. Books aren't as innocent as they seem. So yes, my final opinion is that libraries should, in fact, censor their books, or at least make an effort to do so. Libraries are places to learn and have fun, without having a mental scar that comes down to what they read in a " harmless " little book .
You are not authorized to view this book, ”said the librarian. You are just too young for this book. For me, library censorship laws are unnecessary. Common people should have the freedom to check what they want. The people who craft censorship laws should be happy that young people really want to read. Books, music, movies, magazines, etc. are all subject to censorship. Everyone takes it differently, being told that some are mature than others. If they want to play this game or read this book, they should be allowed. The person picking up the product should know how they are and should know if they can handle the material. They are therefore held accountable for their actions. Isn't this how legal laws are applied? If any type of content is found to be offensive, it still should not be taken off the shelves. Something @ MONTH1 seems offensive to a person, but someone else @ MONTH1 finds it interesting. For example, when the newspaper talks about a particular athlete, @ MONTH1 says things that offend their fans. Those who are not fans of him / her @ MONTH1 find it funny ; so they should delete the post because some people don't like it. Someone @ MONTH1 like this book, music, movie or magazine doesn't bother him because of a few people. Interest @ MONTH1 varies, but a teenager @ MONTH1 likes the same type of books as an adult. Censorship laws wo n't let the teenager read the book he loves because of his age, and to me that's unfair. It is a new day and age; things have changed from what they once were. Censorship laws should be completely smashed. If you @ MONTH1 find a book offensive in any way, don't read it. No one is forcing you to read this particular book ; libraries are filled with a large number of books. There is a book that you will enjoy. In conclusion, some documents should not be taken off the shelves if they are found to be offensive. Other people @ MONTH1 like this same material. There should be no censorship laws in libraries. It's just unfair, and unfair to some people. It's a new time and a new age and things are different. People of all ages should be able to view any book they like
The things we find in libraries shouldn't offend anyone. It's the choice you make rather than whether or not you read it. Nobody looks at these things if you don't want to. Don't look at it, if you think it's offensive. The best thing to do is keep it on the shelves. Some people like to watch or read things like this. People don't go to the library to buy a book or a movie that they know they wouldn't like. If that were to happen then there wouldn't be a library around because whatever you get from the library I bet you can find something offensive about it. People find stuff like this entertaining when they watch or read stuff like this. It hurts the people who make the offensive books and movies because they feel like this is what people don't want to see. It is true that this is what people will not see until it affects them in any way. That what we see on TV on a daily basis is offensive, so if we can sit and watch it on TV, we shouldn't have a problem reading or watching a book about it. I see offensive stuff on TV everyday, but I don't mind reading a book or something like that, I don't care because I used to see it on TV. No one can make them read or stop reading things like that, only you can do that. You don't have to watch it if you think it's offensive. This shouldn't be a problem with anyone because it's what we hear and see every day. It doesn't matter what some people find it entertaining.
What is censorship? Censorship is editing or just getting rid of it. Censorship can be a good thing, it can also be a bad thing. Does Censorship Really Help In Our Society? In fact, think about it, there are still murders, rapes and everything with censorship. I would argue with this by listing my own experiences, observations and readings. First, my experiences should be movies and / or TV shows. In some movies, you can choose what you want to watch. The unrated version or the censored version. Well, most people want to watch the unrated version because it's more than likely funnier and shows more. Other people might choose the censored version, due to the fact that they have kids and don't want them to watch things that would be in the unrated version. I would preferably go for the unrated version, as I like all the fun parts that wouldn't show in the censored version. Then there are those TV shows that ' beep ' a lot of words because of course you are not allowed to say them on TV. Parents don't want their six year old to walk around and say bad words to them all. That's why most of the time you hardly ever see them kind of afternoon shows, they usually air at @ TIME1 or later. Second, my observations on movies and / or TV shows. I can't say that I don't watch shows that have a little bit of language in them and I can't say that I don't watch shows that are all gory and gory. I watch them, but I would never watch them around my younger sister! She's eleven, I don't want my little sister to go to school and say a bad word and have a teacher hear her. Then she looks like @ PERSON1 was the one who watched the movie. I would never watch a gory, gory, and truly graphic movie in front of her, either. Some movies could do without so much violence, but they've got to make the money somehow. To the right? Finally, my readings on, say, books and / or music lyrics. So many books were banned in @ LOCATION1, because people were offended by them or just didn't want this book on the shelves in case their child reads it. Some songs cannot be played on the radio, due to certain stories behind the music and / or lyrics in and throughout the song. This is why the artist of the song has to make two different copies of his song, so that they can be played and thus they become popular. I've read books that have words in them, but they also match my grade level and I'm pretty sure most people are more mature than they were. When I see a word that isn't the prettiest, I keep reading and don't let it bother me. Same goes for songs, the artist probably has a reason for using the words they are using. Censorship can be good or bad, it really depends on how you see it. Honestly, I have no objection to censorship and other times I do. My experiences, observations and / or readings made me think about how bad or good censorship could be.
I believe if you find a book offensive you shouldn't read it. What some people find offensive, others might not find offensive. I don't think people shouldn't be able to take books off the shelves. For example, if there is a person of Jewish religion, he might find a book on the Hitler Offensive. In this sense, if they take the book off the shelf, the other children who will soon be of age to study at that time will not have a book to look at. Without these books, our world history will soon be forgotten. Another example would be slavery. I think slavery is a difficult subject to grasp. In reality, it was a difficult time for Africans. I don't think they'll take the books off the shelves because it's offensive. How could you take the future of learning from the children who are our next generation. If we have to remove books from library shelves, what do we do with the Bible. Some people do not believe that there is a god or a paradise, but many others do. So how would this work in the long run? this would create a lot of problems for the public library as well as for its citizens. Reading books as a kid I found out that some things are bad and I don't like them, but I don't believe we should take the book away from people who love books. reading other novels than you is beyond me, but that will only be a problematic topic in the future. this is an essay by @ PERSON1
Older writers love to write horrific stories about their pasts, whether it's fiction or non-fiction. Sometimes these books can fall into the wrong hands and end up in the trash or burnt. Other times, parents get angry with what their kids do and say, and they normally blame the TV or other kids in school. Parents don't always see the big picture. Any child, at any time, can walk right into their school or public library and pick up an inappropriate magazine, book, or movie, but parents usually don't get it until it's too late. There are all kinds of books, and no two books are the same. No one can tell that a book is going to be inappropriate just by looking at the cover. Even though books are meant to be read, that doesn't mean they should be read by all age groups. No book, at any time, should be completely removed from a library, that is just not correct. No matter how graphic, perverted, or inappropriate a book may be, it should never be thrown away. Some books are written for people with these kinds of interests. Even books on drugs should be allowed to be read, some children or adults might be interested in what they are really doing to your body and mind, and they would rather read a book about it rather than try it. themselves. Books about the murder should also be allowed to be read, but not by children under the age of twelve. If people in libraries just started putting books into organized age groups, there probably wouldn't be any problems. The author should never be blamed for something he wrote. These are their own personal thoughts and feelings and above all it is their story. This is how they wanted it to be written and no one should get upset about it. The rule should apply to magazines, music and movies. These people wrote the books, movies, magazines, and music, so it should be expressed however they wanted. Even if the authors themselves thought their own handwriting was too bad for a child to read, or hear, they would make it clear by putting something like "not for children under twelve or whatever. 'age they recommend ". If adults really get mad about it, they have to go back to the kinds of things they were doing, saying, or reading and it might change their view of movies, magazines, music, and books a bit.
While walking into the library and looking for a good book or magazine to read, you come across some of those disgusting books that are offensive to some people. Some people think they should be taken off the shelves, and I am one of them. Are you? There are books, magazines, movies, etc., that we all come across that have very bad language, racism, bad religious lyrics and even some about sex. No one needs to read these kinds of books, it is bad for our minds and is very offensive to some people. A lot of people don't like to hear or see swear words. Seeing these words in a book will cause that person to think bad things about the library and put the bad words in their head. Then there are these books on racism and that is the worst subject for most people. If anyone found out about it in a book, it would hurt them and they wouldn't want to finish that book. There are others who are very religious and if they find out something wrong with their religion they will be very offended. There are many ways the library can handle books that offend people. The librarian might think of putting up a warning sign and separating these books, magazines, etc. Or on the inside of the front cover, the librarian might put a warning note to show the person that there are things in there that @ MONTH1 offends someone. It would be very helpful to so many people! In every library, you won't find that all the books are perfectly good. We all know there are going to be bad things in books, but there are books that are way too inappropriate and those books can be deleted. There are far too many people who take offense at reading the books they want to read. Let's put an end to this. In conclusion, a lot of libraries around are going to have the kind of books that offend some people. There can be a stop to this by taking them off the shelves or at least warning others about things in books, magazines, and all the other entertainment that people love these days. It would be amazing to know that not all people who love to read will be offended by what they read!
I believe there are certain movies, music, and other things that bother parents. I wouldn't want my kid to listen to music that has a lot of stuff that can teach you whether it's written or bad, I would check the kind of music my kid listens to to see if he's thinking bad things . I believe there are movies that are too violent for everyone to see, but it's a free country that we ordinary people will watch anyway. There are movies designed for adults, but how many adults let their children watch them. No matter what they do, there will be people who don't like what they see or who know someone who didn't like what they saw. music or television. There are times my mom hears something on TV or in music and says to stop. my friends all listen to this music which in my opinion represents nothing but inmate production and other wrongdoing such as gangs, fights, shootings and jury trials. there are things on the market that have a certain group error that might like action movies. Now, there are kids that learn these things that they seen, and they try to do what they seen, because they think it'll make them cool. There will always be things people don't like and never like. I learned this when I was young, like most young children. I think what sells the most are dramas, action movies, and stuff that parents will love. Very little baby movies and baby music. But what can you do about it? I like most of what I hear and see. I always thought there was a lot of violence and pictures and stuff about drugs that just shouldn't be shown on national television to teach young people. That's what I think.
Human beings, like snowflakes, are very much alike in a unique way. Just as no two snowflakes are the same, no two humans are exactly the same. As everyone has their differences, there are always those who have a greater sense of curiosity and prefer to think outside the box. However, it is difficult for these curious people to expand their quest for knowledge, if they have restrictions on what they can read or study. Therefore, if a person is mature enough and wishes to study or read on a certain subject in a library, he should be allowed to expand his knowledge on any subject he chooses, with the permission of a guardian of course. Unfortunately, it is often a group of minorities that ruins something for the larger minority. Libraries often take a child's age into account as a factor of what he can and cannot read, but age seems completely unfair for a child mature enough to read, and handles the more mature information of fashionable way. If one of them is legally eligible and has permission from his or her custodian, he or she should have no restrictions on what material is provided to any library. Who can say that a ten year old is too young to know more about @ PERSON1 and his horrible plans for @ CAPS1 ? A person is never too young or too old to learn something new, if curiosity and the right level of maturity are present! It is curiosity that has led mankind to discover something new every day. Moreover, it is curiosity that has brought humanity to the extraordinary level of technology and inventions at which it finds itself today. The young people of today will one day be the engineers, doctors, scientists and moving leaders of the future. If these young people are curious and want to learn more about a certain topic for positive reasons, then let them!
In most of the @ LOCATION1 libraries, some books, films, music, etc. may be inappropriate for young children. These books and films may contain graphic content or offensive language that a young child should not hear or see. However, this does not mean that the libraries at @ LOCATION2 should get rid of these books, videos, etc. Libraries should keep these books and videos because the adults at @ LOCATION2 love to use them, the children probably already know the language and the graphic content, and some of the books and films that are offensive are very educational. When you think of your childhood, there were always things that you couldn't watch or listen to because you were too young. Your @ CAPS1 and @ CAPS2 would watch movies that you couldn't watch because they would say you are not old enough. They like to watch more mature movies because it interests them more than cartoon shows or movies. Adult content from movies, books and more should be kept in libraries because adult audiences love to watch and listen to them. If they are out of libraries, this mature audience has nothing to watch or read in the library. They don't want to read children's books all the time. Additionally, most children have seen or heard this offensive content in these books and movies before. Most of the parents at @ LOCATION1 used offensive language in front of their child without even realizing it. The child then starts using these words because he thinks they are cool if @ CAPS1 and @ CAPS2 use them. Another thing is that most of the kids have seen a movie with graphic content, or they have played a video game with it in the game. They have seen blood, gore and other things in these games and movies. It is already too late to try to hide your child from seeing or hearing these " bad words " or " graphic content ". Many movies and books with offensive language and graphic content make great educational videos. For example, '@ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5' was a great movie describing looking for a man in the middle of @ CAPS6 @ CAPS7 @ NUM1. These wars actually did take place and movies like this give a lot of detail about what really happened during these wars. If you want children to know the history of our country, they need to know what really happened. There is no point in trying to hide the truth. Overall, most of the kids at @ LOCATION1 have heard offensive language or graphical content. Whether it's from a parent or even their best friend, they've heard it. So why try to hide this from them? Keep these books, movies, music, and more in libraries for the benefit of adults, children, and the country's history.
Do you think @ CAPS1 is going to keep people from being offended ? Taking things such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., will not prevent people from being offended. The question @ CAPS2 is who decides what is offensive and how ? What makes something offensive
Lots of people in @ LOCATION1 are reading. Books, magazines, newspapers, and music are a great time to spend. I like to read books about people with special powers; like the necromancers. If we were to remove such books that offend someone from our libraries, what would we be left with? Personally, I don't like reading @ ORGANIZATION1's books, which seem to be the only type of book that wouldn't offend someone unless they have a severe hatred of letters. Think for a moment about what you like. Think about your interest in the music, art, and style of the books or magazines you read. Now imagine all those who have left the one place where you can get away from the screams of children or annoying neighbors: the library. You @ MONTH1 do not know why all your loves have disappeared. This book you love, the one on necromancers, is offensive to @ CAPS1 because only @ CAPS2 has the power to wake the dead. The song you had in mind all day is no longer live. His use of certain words is offensive to those with " sensitive " ears . If I were to walk into a library and find out that all of the “ offensive ” works had been groups, I would be shocked. Everyone in the universe finds certain things offensive. My teacher @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 thinks that rap and hip-hop or pop songs are offensive to women and their bodies, but I think some of these songs have a different meaning. If everything that was offensive was removed, what would remain? Nothing that a teenager or an adult would want to read. Heck, @ PERSON1's works are offensive to some people, they think he was crazy, and who wants their kids to read a book written by a bafoon ? In addition, the less the library contains, the fewer people there are. Libraries would close soon because everything is deemed offensive. All the books we hoped to read would have to be purchased online, if that was still permitted. For all @ CAPS5 books, finding an eye-catching, eye-opening book is like finding buried treasure. It is an event that changes your life, spills your blood and leaves you hanging in your seat. It's an adventure that plays out in your head, one where you define the specific details of each character, or it's the book that provides the knowledge that fuels your brain every time a new sentence is stored. Taking anything offensive is like taking a child, you can't replace that love with a distraction.
Do I think some documents, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc. should be removed from shelves if they are found to be offensive. The @ CAPS1 choice is no. I have several reasons for this, is that it is a free country and that a person has the right to speak about what he feels or what he thinks. And this should be acceptable anywhere, because everyone has their opinion on what they like or read. And if you think that offends you, maybe you shouldn't be reading it or watching it or whatever @ MONTH1 be. You may find something else to read that you will enjoy or that your friends and family will like @ MONTH1, @ CAPS1 The second reason is that you can learn from things that @ MONTH1 offends you and in any way. Like that magazine I read about black men sagging their pants, many whites who saw pants below the waist had something negative to say about young men. They only judged a book by its cover because they knew nothing about the person they were talking about and one of the black men was an honorary high school student who was going to attend white college. And when many white people started to find out, they started asking the young man how he dressed and why. He told them it was a free country, I could do whatever I liked and that white people liked him to speak for himself. So with @ CAPS1 reason being said, I find it not fair to remove certain materials, such as books, music, magazines, etc., should be removed from the shelves if they are found to be offensive . So I hope you enjoyed reading the @ CAPS1 essay. If you have any arguments or questions, surely you can contact me
No Censorship Do you enjoy reading interesting books, watching great movies, or listening to engaging music that some people don't approve of? Most people would answer yes to the question because anything a person reads, watches or listens to @ MONTH1 is considered offensive or rude to someone else. Some materials in libraries should not be removed from shelves if they are deemed offensive because different people find different materials offensive, people sometimes come specifically to libraries to look for materials they cannot find elsewhere, and if a person finds material offensive, they don't need you to continue reading, watching or listening to it. The first reason why censorship should not take place in libraries is that different people find different material offensive. Everyone is different, and people have all kinds of opinions about books, movies, magazines, music, etc. In addition, several different ethnicities exist in the world, and there are many non-fiction books that educate people about different cultures around the world. The ethnicity of people living in the @ MONTH1 culture finds what non-fiction writers write about them offensive because the book is about something in their culture that they wouldn't want audiences to hear about. However, the public needs to be educated about the cultures of different people. Students research libraries for research projects and essays. Also, books regarding racism such as To @ CAPS1 A @ CAPS2 and slave books @ MONTH1 are offensive to the race that is victimized in the book. On the other hand, some people @ MONTH1 like the book because of the right theme, symbolism, use of words, etc. So who would judge whether a material is offensive or not ? If the person doing this for a certain library finds a lot of material in the library offensive, the whole library could be closed because many material that could have been popular have been removed from the library. Another reason why some materials should not be taken off the shelves if they are deemed offensive is that sometimes people come specifically to libraries to look for materials that they cannot find elsewhere. Libraries are the only place people go if they're looking for a certain book or maybe even a movie that they can't find in a video store. In my experience, there have been an endless number of times that I wanted to read a book that I had heard about, and I went straight to the library and found it there. Also, since there is no video store in the city where I live, I go to the library for movies because I know they have a lot to choose from. Some of the books and movies that me or others like @ MONTH1 find offensive to others, so if they were taken off the library shelves I don't know if I would go to the library that often. A third reason why censorship shouldn't take place in libraries is that people don't have to read what they @ MONTH1 find offensive. Everyone has a choice of what material they acquire from a library, unless it is something they need to read for school. If a person hears about a book that @ MONTH1 finds offensive to them, why would they read the book. Additionally, if a person accidentally consults a book or watches a movie from the library that they find offensive, they can always stop reading the book or watching the movie. Censorship shouldn't happen in libraries because everyone has different opinions. Libraries assume that if someone finds offensive material, they will simply stop reading it. Also, if libraries remove all the material that someone finds offensive, what will be left to read, watch or listen to ?
I don't think books should be taken out of libraries because they are deemed “offensive”. Something that is offensive to me @ MONTH1 must not be offensive to another. While I have every right in the world to object to a book that I find inappropriate, someone else might think that this book is entirely appropriate. The main issues that most people have with books are bad language, gender, and difference of opinion. These three categories are very sensitive issues, some @ MONTH1 are not comfortable discussing these issues. Many books in library systems today contain foul language. Surprisingly enough, a majority of indecent language is found in the young adult section. I don't think parents would be very happy to know what their children are reading. In our modern world, we are bombarded with images of sex and indecency. Books with obscure acts are no different from television or magazines. Most romance novels are very descriptive and leave little to the imagination, and in the wrong hands can lead to some very stimulating questions. Differences of opinion can be a big problem for some libraries if patrons don't like the message a book sends. Religion, politics, and morals can lead to nasty debates, but sometimes we just have to agree to disagree. Can adolescents handle this kind of language and sexuality responsibly? Should books be taken off the shelves just because we don't agree with what he's saying? Should there be a sensor on what can and cannot be put in libraries? I don't think books should be taken off library shelves. If you don't agree with the book, don't read it. Instead of blaming libraries for what your kids read, maybe you should take a look at your own parenting and make sure they're not reading something they shouldn't.
'@ CAPS1 - @ CAPS2 or not ?' Katherine Paterson's quote on offensive books is absolutely true, and I @ PERCENT1 agree with her. She says if everyone had the right to remove a book they find offensive from every shelf, there would be no more books for people in the world. There are most likely some books that a person might find offensive, but others that are not. What would the world have left if almost all the books were taken off the shelves? I don't think offensive materials such as books should be taken off the shelves because not everyone might find them offensive and might deprive people of their favorite subjects, I have had my own experience with an allegedly offensive book , and because there wouldn't be any books left in the world. There are books on all subjects in the world. Some deal with topics we love and could read for days on end. Others deal with topics that we hate or that just bother us. No matter what the topic, be it media, sci-fi, romance, or whatever, there are different people in the world who love to read about different topics. If a person had the right to remove a certain type of book from libraries and stores, say a love book, because they found it to be offensive in some way or another and it had been taken out of the shelves, then a person who liked to read this book would be deprived because a person found it offensive. Just because someone finds a book offensive doesn't mean everyone would. I have had my own experience with an allegedly offensive book. In my @ CAPS3 class, we were asked to read 'The @ CAPS4 in the @ CAPS5'. Reading the book, I honestly thought it was a very interesting story. Although later, with some research, I found out that the book was banned in many schools in @ LOCATION1. Teachers at these schools reported that there were some very subjective words and events in the book. I agree that there was foul language, but I don't think that's a reason to ban the book in schools. It's a great story that won a few awards, and my class enjoyed it as well. My experience with this has proven another point that certain books should not be banned. Just like @ PERSON1 said, if every person had the right to ban certain books from libraries, there would be no more books in the world to read. There are millions of people in the world. If every person could ban a book in @ LOCATION1, what would we have left ? There would probably be nothing left. If all the books disappeared from @ LOCATION1, what would the kids at school be able to read ? The children began to read at a slower pace, causing the grades to drop. A small change in the law in @ CAPS1 could lead to big negative changes in the future. There will always be people in the world who find certain books offensive. That will never change, but people also have the freedom and choice to stay away from the book they loathe. Unless you are a student in school, you don't have to read or watch a book that you find offensive, and you can also try to stop your kids from reading anything because if you want a book to be banned from the shelves, you deprive others of books. So I say every library stay as it is now, and keep every book it has for all children and adults.
Would you let someone ban your favorite movie just because it contains slightly offensive elements ? I know I wouldn't. If everyone had the right to ban books, we wouldn't have books because something would offend someone. You shouldn't ban books because it defiles our individuality, we have freedom of the press, and because it would ruin the future. If you ban a book, you give up your individuality. If you let someone decide what is offensive to you, then how can you express yourself. Therefore, by letting someone else decide what is appropriate for you to read, you are giving up your freedom. By banning books you are not yourself, you are conforming to what others want. Therefore, you should not ban books as it demolishes your individuality and makes you conform to what others want. There shouldn't be a book ban. You shouldn't be able to ban books because we have freedom of the press. Freedom of the press means we can write whatever we want. However, you shouldn't ban books because we have the freedom to choose what we read. This means that we, as individuals, should be able to decide what to read and what not to read. You shouldn't ban books because we have the freedom of the press and because we have the freedom as individuals to read whatever we want. If you ban books, you will ruin the future. There are hundreds of truly phenomenal books that would be banned, and future people wouldn't be able to appreciate them. There are books that can change your life and teach you how to deal with things, and if we ban them we are wasting the chance to help future people solve their problems. People look to books for knowledge, help and ideas, and if we take their books away from them, how can we say that we are leading the way in the future if we destroy it along the way? . Books should not be banned because if they were then we would ruin the future of others and we would destroy our own future. In conclusion, books should not be banned because it limits our individuality, we have freedom of the press and because it destroys our future. If you ban books, it's more likely than not that your favorite book will be banned. Also, if everyone could ban books, then there would be nothing to read because all books would be banned. By banning books, you destroy the future, limit our freedoms and abolish our individuality.
Do you think that books, music, magazines, movies should be taken off a library shelf? A library should contain all kinds of books, movies, magazines, music, etc. The reason why a library should have everything is because a farmer wants to come and get a book about cattle and a city dweller says it's not useful and throws it away, the farmer is out of luck or says that the oppiset would occur. Another reason would be that some people have tasted romance and some have tasted action etc so if they don't wear a type someone will go crazy about it and stop going. Say if @ PERSON2 doesn't like violence then they take it off the shelf and @ PERSON1 doesn't like girl movies etc. some books. Movies and magazines I would say have whatever is appropriate and if it was rated @ CAPS1 you had to be @ NUM1 to rent it then the person would be an adult. There are different cultures who only like certain things, so what are they going to do to create separate libraries so that each culture is happy or just build a big library and those who don't like to just leave the book or whatever? either over there. Altmentley, it's up to the parent to take care of the tech there and pick up the wrong items if they aren't liked by a certain family or cultured person. If they got rid of what a person didn't like it would lose customers and drive other people crazy, so in my eyes it is better for a person to be crazy because a library has some kind of stuff in it. 'article then lose customers and make @ NUM2 people or even two to make one person happy when its as easy as not picking it up. So sometimes we can't make everyone happy, so just look at the items you don't like, teach your kids not to bring them home and to move on in life and not to create a problem.
I don't think any of the books should be taken off the shelves of a library. I think everyone should be able to read any book they want. Just because one or a few people don't like it doesn't mean it should be removed. They don't need to read this book. If I liked a book, I just don't like it. everyone has their own choice of what kind of stories they find themselves in. Like I'm in weird novels. Not everyone I hang out with is in creepy novels. I don't want to be who they are. Since I don't like a lot of love stories, not all of them, just a few that I don't like. I can say that I am in the freak stories. I like fiction and then non-fiction stories. My favorite novels are " The @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 ". Most people would like to remove stories with bad language or vocabulary from the shelves. I know a lot of people who like this kind of story. I think it would be unfair to do that. Why take away what they like instead of what you like. Like I'm in all kinds of sex books. Some people wouldn't want these books on the shelves either. Simply deleting someone's type of book might make people no longer want to read. I know it would make me stop reading if I can't read what I want to read. Now do you think you would risk taking someone's favorite book with you. In the results no longer read. If you are doing something wrong with yourself. How would you feel if this happened to you. So you are all posing in a way that you look at it from another person's point of view. You should first look all the way positive. Like the dose of happiness that makes this person who reads the books. This would not only affect the reading, but the person who wrote the book. You will do a lot of harm to a lot of people. You would kick someone out of their job. You could ruin someone's family life. You could take some belifes. You can turn what they thought was good into something bad. You can drive a person crazy. You can make what this person represents mean nothing at all. Books could be a way for people to escape the real world. Reading books might give people more things to talk about. Books can be a way to learn to manage things better. I suggest that people should just leave the books they're in. Books are how people express how they feel, their lifestyle, what they've been thrown out, etc ... Life is hard in books makes it easier for some people
No criteria such as books, @ CAPS1, magazines, etc. should not be removed from shelves just because they are deemed offensive. @ LOCATION1 is a free country, which means if you find something offensive like a book or magazine, you don't have to read it. When people get upset by a book or a movie that they've seen, it drives me really crazy, just because you don't have to go see that movie or read that book. Different people find different things shocking, it could be due to race, gender, ethnicity etc. So we shouldn't start taking material off the shelves just because a few people find it shocking. Some people think it is offensive that professional athletes are paid @ MONEY1 to play a game when there are homeless people living on the streets. Nevertheless, the @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 is the most watched event in the world when it takes place. Just because some people think sports are offensive doesn't mean they should be shut down for good. Another example is racial jokes, some people think they are funny while others find them very offensive. It still won't stop people from telling racial jokes. Just like Katherine Paterson said, no criteria should be taken off library shelves just because some people find them offensive. People don't find the same things offensive, so removing material from shelves wouldn't be the right way to deal with this problem. If you find something offensive, don't chase it. Almost every book in the world contains something that someone, somewhere, finds offensive. If we took all these books off the shelves, there would be nothing more to read. It's a free country, which means you have the right to choose whether to read or pursue something or not. So instead of choosing to eliminate books from the library, don't read them because maybe someone doesn't find the same things offensive as you do, and they might like to read this book.
@ CAPS4 I think all books, music, movies, magazines, etc. should be removed from shelves if they are found to be offensive. The reason why I say this is if they are little kids who are ready to read adult books and its all kinds of naked pictures and words that are not part of children's vocabulary. Then they will identify bad habits and use them knowing what the words really mean. Then I think the music should be edited because some music has swear words and is about things that a young-at-hearted child or children shouldn't hear. Music should only be something that children are expected to listen to as well as things that are in their age group. Then I think movies should be censored because now we let kids watch whatever they want too. Things that don't control their language, such as (@ CAPS1 @ CAPS2). I believe @ CAPS3 sahow should also be blocked because they really do and say exclusive things on this show, and a lot of kids watch and rehearse everything they hear and see on this show. Finally, magazines ... I say @ CAPS4 also magazines because they put girls and men on the covers and pages of those magazines that show way too much and they put stuff in magazines too , they look real when they are not. I think etc. should only be used when needed, researching and doing homework, because kids use the internet to watch exclusive stuff and also listen to such bad stuff. In conclusion, all together, I think that should also be a limit to everything we listen to and watch too. Because children pick up everything they hear and see
I don't think they should remove anything offensive from the library because honestly most of the books published by authors have something offensive about @ CAPS1. It is not the fault of the library, if there are children who read these books that are offensive, then it is the parents' fault for letting them read them. I went to the library and listened to music, watched movies and even read magazines that have offensive content in @ CAPS1, but if they removed all the offensive content from the library, the library would be halfway empty. I have seen parents discussing with librarians banning inappropriate content from the library, but why would @ CAPS1 matter if they could just ignore @ CAPS1 and keep @ CAPS1 in the gap. @ CAPS1 is honestly not a big deal when @ CAPS1 is faced with these kinds of issues. I discussed this once with my mom and she totally agrees with me. My mom said '@ CAPS1 wouldn't be a problem from today if they could just ignore @ CAPS1'. In addition, the music they have has to stay, regardless of whether it is offensive or not, because people like to express themselves with the music they listen to. The movies that are being made these days all have inappropriate content in @ CAPS1, whether it is a movie rated @ CAPS2 or not. As with all ongoing arguments about offensive content in the library, @ CAPS1 should always be kept in the library and not deleted. I'm sure a lot of teens and adults appreciate all of the content kept in the library. If kids end up listening to offensive music or watching offensive movies, then think of @ CAPS1 like that, they have to grow up someday. If not, parents should keep them away from the content
Some documents such as books, films and magazines should not be removed from libraries. The quote from Katherine Paterson simply states that if all the world had the right to remove a book from a shelf, then we would not have any books on the shelf for any of us. The world would be empty because there is always something that a person considers offensive. For every person who finds the material offensive, there are always ten people who do not find it offensive at all. A person's beliefs can cloud their perspective on things like religion. There are so many bad things in the world that you can never do right. In places like libraries, you never know who might come and check on something. That is why it is recommended to make sections in the library. Adult novels, children's books, science fiction novels, all in different sections of the library. It would make a parent wary of where their child is going. If a child gets into the wrong sections, there is only one person to blame; the parent. Children always stray into random places out of curiosity. Parents must ensure that nothing terrible will happen, like seeing something a while - small or young person is not supposed to see. One object, such as a book, movie, or magazine, can teach a person millions of lessons. If these lessons have not yet been taught, they will be taught later. In a harsher way. The person may have to live the lesson to learn it. This is why some materials should not be taken away. Everyone believes in different things. There is always someone who has a different opinion of things. There are many things in the world that people find offensive, but that doesn't mean those things have to go away. There is always a choice between what to do and what not to do. Someone has to find a way to make things right and a good way where people can find peace with themselves and with others. Removing material from libraries can do a lot of things; approval, disapproval, anger and happiness. Above all, it can cause fights, which later can turn into war. The material in our libraries is meant to teach people about life, and people find it wrong, so it means they don't experience life.
Censorship is not an easy question to answer; it involves a lot of thought. When you think about a topic like this, you have to look at a bigger picture. You should think after math like everyone's thoughts and opinions. When it comes to censorship in libraries, I think all books should be left to their own devices. So why would we take books away from people who want to read them just so others don't ? If you don't want a kid looking at adult books, you can censor them by looking at them and not taking them to places that have such books. This way other people can read these books. If you really think about it, you'll find that if you try to hide something from a teenager, he can, and will find, a way to get it. If you try to hide things from them, it will only make them want it more. Books are good for people. He tells them stories that can't happen, past events they haven't experienced, and even the thoughts of others. Keeping books away from people is not good for them; they could not learn from the things they read. So, maybe some books are more racy than others, that doesn't mean you should hide it from your kids. If you were to start censoring books in libraries, it could cause problems. Now, some people will run out of books. You will have removed most books from libraries because someone thinks it is not good for children. This will cause arguments over what should and should not be in the library, and people will stop going to the library all together. So when you think about banning books, remember that there are other places to get books. Books are good for people, especially teens, whose minds are developing. In some places, books banned in other places are celebrated. When trying to shed pounds, just think about the people you take them off from.
You go to a library to read books, music, and magazines, but soon find out that there are some very shocking books. I strongly say yes, I agree that we should remove books, magazines, and music from the shelves if they are offensive to people. We are supposed to feel safe reading books, listening to music, and reading magazines. When I was younger, I used to go to the library all the time. I had books to read and watch, and for a while I was excited to go to the library, but all the excitement went away after a few bad experiences. I won't remember the names of the books, but I know I was so upset with how the book was. There were words I had never heard before, and I was confused. It could happen to many little children who stumble upon a bad book, but in reality libraries should only have good books, not bad ones. After that bad experience I ignored it like it was going to go away or something. Bad books, offensive books, should be taken off the shelves for good and never come back. I am very attached to this subject because I am a warm book, I like reading books and being able to go to a library and find a good book that is not offensive is all I ask for in a library. Offensive books, music, and magazines should not be played aloud in libraries at all. When children read books or listen to music, they want to be able to disappear inside them, but if there are things that are offensive, how can they do it. There are things that should be left out of libraries and that is offensive books, music, and magazines. magazines. If it was your sister, daughter or granddaughter who walked into a library and found a shocking book, what would you say ? I ask you this, how would you feel?
When I was in fifth grade, chaos erupted in my community. Everyone - teachers, students, parents, school board members, community leaders - had something to say on the topic at hand. This topic was censorship. Parents of a high school student were outraged that their daughter had read The @ ORGANIZATION1 @ ORGANIZATION1 in class. In the opinion of these parents, the rape scene in the book was far too disturbing for their precious daughter. While this seemed like a fair position to take, the parents then took it a step further. They sought to ban the book from schools in our township, wanting to spare all other children the experience of being exposed to @ CAPS1 was clearly traumatic material. This crusade asked the questions " @ CAPS1 can and should be censored ?" And when?'. As the debate continued, I began to meditate on the subject myself. Who had the right to tell me @ CAPS1 that I could read? Or listen? Where to watch? The answer I came up with was “ nobody ”. No one has the right to censor someone else. This comes with one exception: parents and children. Parents are responsible for looking after their children. They should use their best judgment to decide @ CAPS1 that their children are old enough and mature enough to hear, see or read. This was also true in the censorship of @ ORGANIZATION1. No one fought against the family because they didn't want their own child to read the novel; It wasn't until they tried to keep others out of the book that the problem arose. This is why libraries should not remove documents from their shelves because they are, in the eyes of some, offensive documents. The music you love @ MONTH1 offends me. Books that your teacher @ CAPS2 assigned to @ MONTH1 are not suitable for five year olds. Your @ MONTH1 friends will be offended by your favorite movie or @ CAPS3 show. These feelings are subjective; almost nothing is universally offensive or universally appropriate. We, as a society, need to be able to accept it. We learn through @ CAPS1 we see, @ CAPS1 we hear and @ CAPS1 we read. These experiences teach us @ CAPS1 what to do, as well as @ CAPS1 what not to do. For this reason, it would be unfair for materials to be removed from libraries on the sole basis of opinions. To do so would be to rob members of the community of their chance to learn. Parents have the right to censor @ CAPS1 for their children to see, hear and read, but even this censoring should be done with care so as not to hamper the child's ability to learn. We must not hinder our children's ability to learn from the mistakes of book and movie characters, singers, comedians and artists. If we remove this ability, we are preparing these future adults to make mistakes that could have been avoided by giving them the chance to learn. Removing materials from library shelves on the basis of opinions alone is not only detrimental to our society, it is ultimately dangerous for the people we want to protect.
Libraries are a source of information. They provide us with valuable research, entertainment, and raw, cold facts. Therefore, I don't think that libraries should have to censor the books that are provided so that citizens can consult them. Everyone is faced with choices in life. Some are more difficult than others and will have a bigger impact on your life. We decide if we want to wear the black shirt or the gray shirt, the blue shorts or the brown shorts. Every day we have choices. We also have choices in a library. If we see a book with a title that looks like @ CAPS2 might be offensive, then we should just skip past @ CAPS2. Most libraries are organized and the book sections are clearly marked. Common sense would tell us that this section might contain offensive material. We have a choice whether or not to read a book that might or might not offend us. If @ CAPS2 offends us, then @ CAPS2 is our fault. The second reason why libraries should not censor the books they provide is related to the choices we make in life. No one is forcing us to look at that book or that book. @ CAPS2 is a choice. Nobody points a gun to our temple and says, “@ CAPS1 this book or you die.” @ CAPS2 just doesn't turn out like this. Nobody is forcing us to @ CAPS1 something we don't want. @ CAPS2 is up to you and what you think of the book. Different subjects offend different people. I'm not offended by a swear word here or there, however; I take offense at the sex-related cases that often occur in movies or books. I make my own choice not to watch or @ CAPS1 this kind of material. Since everyone is different, gender-related instances might not offend another group of people and they might see @ CAPS2 as perfectly fine to look at or @ CAPS1. Different topics offend different people and take away a book or movie because @ CAPS2 offends a person shouldn't happen. If libraries started censoring the materials they put on the shelves, I think a lot of people would be upset. Who would decide what is offensive and what is not offensive ? @ CAPS2 would bother too many customers and library usage would probably decrease. When you are tasked with censoring what is happening on the shelves, many issues come into play. Do you count different religions offending because they blaspheme the god of another religion? Do you count some offensive work of fiction because @ CAPS2 has a bad word throughout the book ? There is no way to properly censor all of your books without disturbing customers. I'm not saying that libraries should be allowed to show all magazines known to man. Some are obviously worse than others; but, when @ CAPS2 approaches books and movies, people know what they are checking out and know what they will find offensive. There are too many people in this world trying to censor the display of material libraries. Libraries should not censor the materials they post
Some documents, such as books, music, magazines, etc., should never be removed just because a certain person or group of people finds it offensive. The authors of these books have the right, as stated in @ CAPS1 of @ LOCATION1, to have the freedom to say whatever they wish within the framework of their own individual work. In addition, some material that some people find offensive is little or not offensive to many other people who @ MONTH1 enjoy the book or movie. Finally, many of the books that are on the shelves of many of our libraries do not end with the amount of stuff @ MONTH1 is considered offensive, but provide some knowledge, not only of the writer, but also the reader. If anything is spelled out in a document as important as the @ CAPS1 of @ LOCATION1, the one that fixes the standard of living and fixes the laws of a nation in parchment, it should, for lack of a better term, be taken with the the greatest respect and the greatest dignity. Several great leaders, like the first president of @ ORGANIZATION1, @ LOCATION2, have decided that press freedom is a viable asset for a new and growing country. This simple fact alone should be more than enough lightness to allow any material, no matter how offensive they are, not only to be published, but also to be enjoyed by all. It is this simple freedom that makes books published, even written, no matter how offensive they are @ MONTH1. Some documents that a person or group of people find offensive @ MONTH1 are not offensive to everyone. No matter what your religion, ethnicity, or moral values, just because it offends you doesn't mean it is offensive to everyone. Many people in this world serve in their country's military, those who are accustomed to fighting more battles than any history book could contain, is just one example. world in this world does not have the same morals or the same ideas as the others, and tensions will always arise because of it. That being said, the same goes for the way some people view literature and art. @ ORGANIZATION3 would hate the art of @ ORGANIZATION2 and @ ORGANIZATION2 would hate @ ORGANIZATION3, however, neither has the right to tolerate or hide it from the eyes of the world. Many times literature is suppressed before its true meaning can be shown to anyone. This is disheartening for several reasons, one being that all that we, as the human race, have been able to learn from this room is now lost forever. There are many books that could teach older generations how to leave a legacy for generations to come. Others @ MONTH1 teach how future generations can change the world just by working hard and doing their best. These are best represented in books which are sometimes pulled from the shelves due to difficult lessons or graphic words used. Is censorship in libraries acceptable ? Not at all. All literary works should be allowed to be read and enjoyed, not only by the author, but also by the young, the old and all in between ages, of all races and religions. The more we allow materials to be pulled from the shelves of our libraries, the less chance we give, not only to ourselves but to future generations, to learn and to be all they can be.
There are many different styles of literature and media in this world. With this strain, it must appeal to at least one person. If not, why was it made? There comes a time when things get too complicated. Some media and literature have passed this stage and it should not be allowed on the shelves. The media have a huge influence in today's society. What would you do without? Everyday everyone uses the media, from turning on the television in the morning and watching the '@ CAPS1 @ CAPS2' to opening a magazine and reading about what famous person is in jail this time - this. You can't get away from it. The teens @ CAPS1 are mostly really addicted. We have video games, online chats (facebook and myspace) and movies. A lot of the things we get out of it are not good for our minds and our health. It is good to play some video games, but when you get drunk on them, play nonstop, kill people and laugh at it, you know there is something here that is wrong. do not go. Our minds are exposed to so much immorality and violence, so we think it's okay to do it. A lot of people see it the way movie stars do, so why can't we ? The @ CAPS1 company is killing our minds and many young people who think their life is miserable come out and commit suicide. The music can also get too extensive. Yes you have oldies, country and jazz but when you add rap and heavy metal, there is no understanding. Rap is who I go to sleep with next and how often I can have sex. Really, is this what our lives should be focusing on? I didn't know people like the idea of an @ CAPS3. Heavy metal music, you can't understand it, but when you search for the words you see that life is useless and why do we live? People say that this music helps them calm their anger. Feeling realized after listening to it. You @ MONTH1 be calm now, but after hearing these words and banging your head what will happen when you get extremely mad ? Too many lives are affected by @ CAPS1 media and literature. Friends' lives have been lost and friendships have been ruined. Someone is always going to say that a certain amount is too much, but I think we need to set a goal of what is too much and try to save ourselves. We're not like a video game that has second lives
Books, music, movies, and magazines are all offensive in different ways. They are all somewhat offensive to people if they contain inappropriate language, actions or stories. Should these materials be taken off the shelves just because some people think they're too offensive to be there and don't want their kids to get their hands on them? When I go to the library I see different sections, fiction, non-fiction, ect. What I don't see is a section marked “ offensive ”. Libraries don't do that. If the parents or someone does not want their children or other children to read offensive books, they should accompany them and make sure that they do not take any offensive books or wait in the children's area. . Libraries generally do not offer offensive music. They have @ CAPS1 for books to listen to. It could contain offensive language. Before you rent or buy the @ CAPS1, you should ask someone who works at the library to tell you if they consider it offensive or not. If they don't know, don't get the @ CAPS1. Most of the time you know what to look for before you go to the library anyway. If the films are offensive, they are marked @ CAPS4. @ NUM1 movies are the best. If parents or anyone else don't want their kids to watch @ CAPS4 rated movies before renting or buying one, they should check the back where it always tells you. When I was young my mom always checked the backs of movies because she didn't want me to watch movies rated @ CAPS4. She herself thought most of them were too offensive for me to see. Most of the time, magazines don't contain offensive material, but sometimes they do contain inappropriate images of men and women. They also have a bunch of gossip stories that you might not want your kids to read. But if you let your kids read this, you should read it before them to make sure there is nothing you wouldn't want them to read. I don't think there is any reason to remove books, music, movies, magazines, etc. from the shelves if they are offensive to some. If a parent or someone else does not want their children or someone else's children to read something that they deem offensive, they should be sure to read something before letting them read it. . Also take a walk with the child in the library to make sure they don't pick up anything they wouldn't like, or have their child pick up items in the kids section. Some people like to read books, magazines that some might find offensive. Not everyone should be punished for those who just don't want their children to find offensive things in the library
Books, films, magazines or music that are offensive in any way should not be shown aloud to the public. If these offensive things weren't shown out loud, I personally think it would help as the country is full of racist people and materials. Every time you pick up a magazine or watch a TV show about a famous actress or musician, you see embarrassing aspects of their life all over the world. This is not good at all! People should be respected and allowed to have some privacy in their lives. Without actresses and musicians, we wouldn't have TV shows to watch. There would be no point in having radios. There would be no reason, there would be no one to sing us songs. Why would we want to embarrass these guys anyway? They are working hard to produce new things for us. Books in libraries should not contain sexual assault at all. Books like this in school libraries have no reason to be there. Why would you want your child to read something like this in a book at school ? Mostly foul language in school materials. Books in the library should contain good examples, not empty sayings. It's a shame for the school. Movies are a big concern. Any child or young adult can access the movies section and get any type of movie, even if it is rated restricted. Would you like your child to bring home a movie that features nudity in the movie ? I remember one time my little sister brought home a movie from her local library. This movie was a total disgrace for this library, there was nudity, bad language and a lot of violence. I couldn't believe what I had just seen. Would my library have something like this in the library? The children go there and choose films. My mom came in and lodged a complaint about restricted movies with kids' movies. She said the movies should be separated from the rest. You must be of a certain age to rent this movie. Or at least have parental permission. Every local library or school library should take steps to do this for their community. Keep children and young adults away from violence. By allowing this in school libraries and local libraries, it just means that it is okay to let this violence in. We need to put an end to it and foster the right attitudes. So please take the violence off the shelf
Do certain documents, such as books, movies, magazines, need to be removed from shelves if these items are found to be offensive ? There are things in books and movies that are offensive that other young adults should not watch or read. Reading a book also says a lot about some offensive topics. But at the same time can you learn from such things like finding it in a book or seeing it on TV. So I don't think some things that are deemed offensive should be taken off the shelves, because people should learn from those things. Some people find it difficult to understand what's right and wrong in life, because they don't get the full effect in life and what it means. The problem, I think, is that people @ MOIS1 don't think certain things are offensive because they might not know what it means. Movies, on the other hand, have another side of the barrier. Movies can affect someone, especially someone who is very young. These children can watch what is on TV and copy exactly what they are doing. They also @ MONTH1 being a role model which is not always right for some people. Another thing is that music plays a big role in someone's life because there is sad music, loving music and also violent music. Music can define a person. For example, if you listen to a sad song, @ MONTH1 you feel sad or depressed. Or someone who listens to hard, violent music @ MONTH1 feels upset or angry. Certain music that people listen to can define who they are. Especially when I said it determines what kind of mood you are in. I think when people listen to the music they like it defines who they are, it shows what kind of vibe there is. Second, magazines are an advertisement. He shows everything, he tells you stories. Just like in the movies, if you see it, you will. But magazines are different, they show like other people's styles and life stories. When you see things, you @ MONTH1 want to do things exactly like the magazine. Usually when you look in a magazine you usually see pictures so they don't have as much effect as others like music and movies. They are more likely to describe things. Books, on the other hand, are similar. You can learn what's in a book just by reading it. So if someone @ MONTH1 reads something about voilence, they @ MONTH1 thinks it is right to do so. Even if this particular book tells you what is right about the subject. So no, I don't think there are any books that are considered offensive because only that person or that individual can learn what it is to be offensive. So keeping these types of books @ MONTH1 helps other readers.
What is the main idea of @ LOCATION1 in the field of art, language and music ? The idea of @ LOCATION1 in these categories is freedom. Freedom is to write what you want, draw what you want, say what you want, and in short, express yourself freely as a person. This is one of the amendments to '@ CAPS1 from @ CAPS2', known as free speech. Having said that, I think we shouldn't be able to ban, censor, or remove books, music, or movies from the @ CAPS3 audience. It is their right as @ CAPS3 to buy whatever they want. It takes @ CAPS2 away from people, and when they do, citizens feel like toddlers. They cannot choose for themselves what they want to see and what not to see. Everything in this world can be offensive to someone. Just because someone finds something bad or unpleasant doesn't mean they should stop everyone from seeing it. This is what gives the world its varieties. What someone might think is weird, someone else might think it's normal. When this happens, why is it okay to take away what makes that person feel normal ? Just to make the other feel better? I walked into the store once before I wanted to buy a video game. I found one that I thought was cool, took it off the shelf and brought it to the cashier. He took a look at the game, saw its rating and told me that I had to have an adult with me to buy the game. I explained that my dad wouldn't care if I bought this game. . the cashier said it did not matter and that I should always have it here. Then I had to search the entire store for my dad so he could go back to the cashier to buy the game for me. What difference did it make? Eventually I got the game anyway. That experience I had at the store that day let me know what it was like to see my desire for something put down. It made me feel like a baby who needed permission to do something. It also helps me know how writers, artists, and filmmakers feel when they see their work censored, rejected, or banned because someone somewhere found it offensive. We have to let people express what they are feeling. If we didn't, a lot of things today would be different. @ PERSON1 had the idea that the world was not flat and that he could go around the world without falling. Everyone thought he was crazy and got mad at his thought. But he did and proved he was right. Galilaue's thought @ CAPS5 came up with the theory that the sun did not revolve around @ LOCATION2. He started to experiment and tried to prove his theory. People from where he was doing his job enlisted and through him into exile and imprisoned him. After that, someone thought it was a good idea, he experienced it and people supported him. Now we have this theory as a fact, that the sun does not revolve around @ LOCATION2. This is what makes free speech so important to the world. It makes people think in different ways. It helps people to think of new ideas. Freedom is the key to any way of life.
There is a lot that you can find in libraries that you may find inappropriate for some but not for everyone. if there was something i had planned i would ask them to remove it from the shelf. if you have a project to do, go to the library to meet and work on some friends. If you need help finding a book for your project, ask the person in the office where to find it. The library is there to help those who do not have a computer at home, they can go to the library and work there. If they had a lot of books on a disc or DVDs, movies, cassette players, a lot more people would want to read more. If all the libraries had all the same books, then they would have more people going in and out to get the book they want to read. if there were small children who wanted to read children's books, they should have a section for them. The whole library should get rid of the inappropriate books that some people have right on the shelves so that they don't complain about the material on the shelves. Theres probale about @ NUM1 to @ NUM2 libar in the @ LOCATION1. I know for a fact that there is something inappropriate on the shelves of every library. There are tons and tons of books in every library, so there's a good chance there is something that someone will find they don't like and ask to be removed from the library. 'shelf. if they would get a lot of people to say they are offended by it then they should take it off. There are also a lot of stores there that some should be seen for small children. if they start talking about drugs and other things, they might be offensive by that. all stores should have a note on them. you must be over @ NUM3 years old to get a pg- @ NUM3 mag. some stores should be aimed at small children who go there all the time and adults. they should divide them into sections for small children and adults. They must respect everyone in the library at this time. I think there is a part of it here in our hometown, but not @ PERCENT1 postive there is. We all have the right to ask them to take it off the shelf and if they refrain then they will get in trouble.
Dear newspaper editor, @ CAPS1 I am writing to tell you about the censorship in the libraries of @ LOCATION1. It doesn't seem like a big deal to some, but a really big deal to others. Censorship removed books, music, magazines, movies, and other things from the shelves of local stores and libraries because they were offensive to the vendor or workers. It's not what some store or library owners like in some cases, but it's not what they like. These are people in general who have a certain interest in this subject. Some people have even removed the @ CAPS2 from local library systems. Does it even matter what the owner wants to sell ? In most cases, no. Belief in a religion or even a book, magazine or movie that had a little commentary on it ; sex, drugs or alcohol are removed for this. If we take out everything about all of this, the only thing left @ CAPS3 will be children's books. Some people @ CAPS3 are also finding ways to get them censored. We @ CAPS3 become illiterate without books, magazines and the like. There is even an account of someone fired from their job for reading a magazine while on a break at work ! What if we all listen to someone else who wants to remove a book from the shelf ? Then another and another, we @ CAPS3 don't have any books in our libraries or stores. This censorship is a major problem, very few people really care about it. Most think it should be done for most articles, some think we don't need to censor anything because we are a free country. So, newspaper editor, ask yourself, ask yourself, " @ CAPS3 I love that all my favorite magazines, books and movies are gone forever, never to be seen again ?" " Then everyone will know the answer.
Some books on library shelves have bad stuff, whether it's the topic of the book, the swear words they contain, or just not very appropriate for certain age groups. Should library books be censored or should we just let the reader decide if he wants to read them or not? I don't think any of the books or magazines should be praised. If anybody wants to read a book with swear words or something like that, then let them. Parents @ MONTH1 won't let some kids read them, but some parents don't. I think if they read them they could say them but they will learn not to say them and they are not very nice to say them. Do the films you get in libraries have to be praised ? I don't think they should because the parents aren't going to let them get it or watch the movie if they don't think it's something they should watch. Kids know what they can and can't watch, so if it's something they know they can't watch, they shouldn't get it. Kids could get it, but parents could take it away and tell them they can't watch it. Should all books, magazines, music or films in libraries be praised ? No. If it is a school library, everything should be appropriate at the school. If the book, movie, magazine or music is not appropriate, the school cannot do without it. A public library can but there are mostly adults there. Children should know what they can and cannot watch, read or listen to, so they should know better than to get something that they cannot read, watch, listen or watch. Some parents @ MONTH1 agree to praise them, but if you do, you are limiting the books that anyone can read. Even parents or adults could not read them too
What do you think of the books? Do you think their relevance is important ? Well, I'm going to give you my take on which books should and shouldn't be in libraries. I think there are a lot of different people on books. Someone just can't say they think a book shouldn't be in a library period. I think if maybe this is an inappropriate book for someone in elementary school to read, then it should be in high school or a public library. I can see some parents @ MONTH1 don't want their child to read it, but I think they are going to hear a lot worse and see worse than a book. I can also see where parents are coming from when they say they don't want their child to read this kind of book. I believe that if a child wants to read it rather than going to read it, parents should not be so strict about what children read. I know they want to prevent their child from seeing this stuff, but it will happen someday, so you might as well get used to it. Additionally, an elementary school shouldn't even have a book that would be considered inappropriate for a student in its library, or should have a parent signing something saying they're okay with it. So in conclusion this is what I'm saying if the parents have a problem with this then they should discuss it with the school. They should just come in and talk to the librarian and tell them that they don't want their child to look at such books. All a parent would have to do is go to school or where their kid gets the book and tell them and that would solve all the problems.
To censor or not to censor? That is the question. I am convinced that there is a great amount of different portaining views on this subject. Everyone will have a really good score on either using, or not using censorship in the library. While this is true, I believe there are many more valid reasons not to use censorship in libraries. First of all, how offensive library material can really be? I don't think it's very offensive at all. There will be films and material specially designed to mature a more advanced age group. Its good; if the person choosing the material is of age, he or she should have no reason not to choose advanced materials. A mature person will not want to read elementary books all their life. Sooner or later they will have to be intruduced into real life. It would not be beneficial for them or the society if they are immune to their lives. Additionally, if the person is still a child, there should be no reason for a child to choose the older material level. He @ MONTH1 times he does; However, this is not a problem because all parent has to do is explain to him that he is not yet of age. It is an easy repair. Like I said earlier, there 's no reason we all need to read the same thing. Variety is what makes libraries apealing to customers. Who would want to go to a library with all the same books? I wouldn't be. Within the library, there are sections specifically reserved for children. If all slightly offensive material were to be removed from libraries, that would eliminate a large portion of customers. Additionally, this would discourage authors from even producing Thier material; thus hampering their income and motivation. We have the freedom and choice in @ LOCATION1, and I think it would work against the @ CAPS1 values if they were to induce censorhip in a harmless library. No one is perfect and we all make mistakes. However, we can also improve and learn from them. If a person chooses an inappropriate book, they are more likely to learn and improve from their mistake. We have a choice on what to choose when we enter the library. I believe that if all, most of the time, we make the right choice. Libraries are a Learning and Information Supercenter . It would not be true if certain pieces of information started to be removed. I have had several valid times in the library and never once was hurt or offended. Libraries are there to help you, not to hinder our learning. I'm probably not the only one who feels happy with the way libraries are now and do n't feel the need to change what's good
My views on censorship in libraries are that libraries are great places to get information on books such as biographies, fiction, non-fiction, science fiction, and other books. kind. I don't believe that books, music, movies, magazines and other things shouldn't be taken off the shelves because people love music and they want to get information about the artist who made the songs and songs. artist information. People also want to learn the lyrics of the song. The reason why books should not be taken off the shelves is that people like to read books and they want to know what the book is about and have information about the book. Books are very important to people and require entertainment other than television. In addition, people used books for studying, because the book is going to be read and then tested. Books that are deemed offensive should be removed because people are very upset if they find out that the book talks badly about them. Unless some people are not mature at all and can't read books that don't even talk about it. Movies should not be taken off the shelves because people love to watch movies and they are very entertaining for them. If a movie is very offensive to people, yes, it's probably best to delete the movie because they don't want to watch it anymore. But other movies aren't even bad. Yes, some movies have bad language, but people still love it. But sometimes in the movies people hear something from the movie and broadcast it around @ LOCATION1. Then everyone starts to say bad language. People just have to learn not to use bad language when it's not needed. Magazines should not be deleted because people love to read magazines, especially sports related. I know I love to read sports magazines because I am a real sports fan and sports are very important to me outside of school. There are some very inappropriate magazines that children should not read and they should be taken off the shelves. Magazines are also used for different things like comics, housework, women's makeup, perfume, etc. People think magazines are very important to society.
Censorship in libraries is almost a primitive, if not childish way of excluding what one might think is offensive to everyone, isn't it? Think about it. A kid who doesn't let another kid play with him at recess today, just because he stuck his tongue out at him during math the night before, seems pretty childish, and several much more reasonable solutions spring to mind. of anyone who sits down and ponders the situation for more than a second. This scenario parallels censorship in libraries. A book is a book to read. This is, of course, an obvious statement. But why read a book? Receive information. To learn something you didn't know, or to build on knowledge you already had. How to cook an exquisite meal? Go read a book to find out. How to draw linear equations? There are books that will explain it to you. Is it fair for a keen astronomer, not feeling pressured to know how long a turkey should be in an oven, to remove a book that teaches this very? Now, of course, cooking a turkey probably won't be offensive to someone browsing their local library, though, just think about it. The book has been written, so isn't that a sure sign that it's not offensive to at least one person, i.e. the author? There are things people will not agree with. And just when you think you find something that everyone loves, someone will come and disturb the peace. Not everyone likes rap music, but it still plays on the radio. It is a free choice to listen to it. It is a free choice to read a book no matter what it says. Just because people are unlucky enough to be subjected to material that they find offensive, by accident or otherwise, and then project their dismissive comments to a maintainer, does not mean that offensive material should be discarded. Perhaps radios and libraries can be looked at still further. The radios have specific channels, playing specific music. There is a country music channel for those who want to listen to country music. As for libraries, there is of course the @ ORGANIZATION1, but that's about all that is categorized. Suppose books are even more distinguished by their placement in a bookcase. A certain designated area for certain genres. That way, if you happen to find any nasty @ CAPS1 concentration camp books, you can avoid @ CAPS2 and @ CAPS1 from the @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5 @ CAPS6 @ CAPS7 section in your library. Problem @ CAPS8. I find it hard to see something so offensive if I can't even literally see it. You see, outright deletion isn't really the best option to please dissatisfied people. The compromise is. Now, after pondering this situation for over a second, I'm sure you've thought of much more reasonable solutions than something as ridiculous as censorship. Now the best part is seeing people enjoy books and not be offended by the ones they don't like anymore.
Having libraries is a good thing because it teaches children how to learn to read and to get examples of the book or magazine they are reading or just looking at. How can they help children and family members who hardly ever know how to read and write about them? Some libraries have shelves, some of them are not crazy but stupid. Libraries have books and magazines for children, but also for adults and even grandparents. How do they know if there is a position where you need to put your books on shelves and on a cart. They should have a lot of respect and also a lot of bodywork to put the things that need to be in the library. Librarians can have more than books, they can have CDs, computers and also a table with coloring pages for children. I think they should be deleted because I wouldn't want my kids to go into the library and find a whole bunch of they don't even know what it is. It would be a wonderful thing to do, they shouldn't have stuff like that in a library in the first place. Librarians should convince the person who brought them there and tell them to bring them back from where they got them. there are other computer options for doing your homework. Librarians can have stuff like that that are bad that children see that all the time they are ridiculous and unnecessary that can they learn bad things they should not do. How do they know if they should convince them not to have inappropriate things that shouldn't be in a library that kids shouldn't see. They might take home a book that they don't even know what it is or what might be in it that shouldn't be. I think they should just take whatever is appropriate and just send it somewhere else it belongs instead of being where little kids can reach and learn what's going on.
'@ CAPS1 Books, films, music and magazines ?' @ CAPS2 Do people take @ CAPS1 books ? Some people think that books, movies, music, and magazines should be detected or " grouped ". Why do people believe this should happen? Well there will be three topics that will be covered in this easy. The three topics are children, @ CAPS4 and religion. First, '@ CAPS3'. Many parents themselves do not want their child to be exposed to violence, violent language or even possible drugs. Violence is one of the main problems associated with these four types of entertainment. Influencing this child could cause loss by doing such well-known things as stupidity. Another is foul language, to adults of a generation above us they take it as disrespectful. So far, the news is about the drugs and the teenagers who use more of them, causing an overdose that can lead to death. Second, '@ CAPS4'. Lots of people go from black to white to everyone in the world with different colored skin or more different feature types from each other. Here begins racism, that is to say against its color or there ethics. Now to this day it has calmed down, but there was a time when certain words labeled some people, showing that they were less than others. This led to riots and violent gangs to gain respect. They want to be treated on an equal footing no less than others what our ancestors did to them in the past. Third, '@ CAPS5'. Religion is quite big in the world and shows a lot about the past and what some people believe in. Religion is shown in these four types of form in these objects. Everyone believes that there is the right way and that someone else is wrong. They cause conflicts among themselves. So trying to keep them from being banned isn't going to help with matters of religion, because people are talking and some people want to change some people to believe what they think is right. So back to @ CAPS2 would everyone or some turn to @ CAPS1 books, movies, music, magazines ? Well, it's going to be exposed sooner or later. The options are either let it happen now or let it happen later. The sooner the better or the worse. Either way, let's let it go, someone will learn from their experience, so why banned now ?
Leave @ CAPS1 on the shelves In each library it is allowed to have all types of books, films and magazines. Even if they are good or bad. Not everyone in this world will have the same tastes. If there are people who are offended by the types of sources they find in the library, I don't think this should be taken off the shelves. Everyone can agree or disagree about the types of things they like. If the library didn't, how would people find out what's going on in this world today, because not everything that is said on TV is true. Not every library in the world should remove certain books, films and magazines just so that children or anyone else cannot read @ CAPS1 or watch @ CAPS1 as there might be other people who would like to read @ CAPS1 or watch @ CAPS1 . If libraries have removed certain books, movies, and magazines, it shouldn't even be called a library as it is supposed to have all types of sources. Not everyone will have the same opinion as to whether certain books, movies, or magazines should be in the library, but all types of these sources should stay in the library because if they are offensive to some people, it is not. there won't be. to be like that for everyone, so it wouldn't be fair for other people who like to read, watch magazines to see what's new, or watch all kinds of movies and listen to music. I think librarians shouldn't take anything out of their libraries because they know what they're doing when they put those sources on the shelves and they should also stay on the shelves because if they didn't want people to be. feel offended then they would. I haven't made any books, movies, or magazines that would offend people today. Libraries don't leave sources on the shelves to make people feel offended, they leave @ CAPS1 for other people to read. That being said, all types of books, magazines, or movies should be left on the shelves to help other people learn what they want to learn.
I think they shouldn't remove censorship books from libraries because the older ones can read the books, not the younger ones because they don't need to hear the kind of words in the books. In addition, small children have ears too small to hear and also small eyes to see the words in the book like that. The older ones like in the @ NUM1 classes should be able to look at the books because they will be words that have already been heard. Books should not be in lower level libraries because small children will remove books from libraries, like books that are called @ CAPS1 A @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 because it often says n word, another is @ CAPS4 and @ CAPS5 because says a lot of dirty words like f, s and ect.words that they don't need to hear so young. Another reason why it wouldn't be fair to the older ones if they removed bookcases is because they are trying to get out of the bookcases so that the little ones don't have the books to take home. If you are going to remove the books, keep them away from the @ NUM2 notes because the book titled @ CAPS1 A @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3, and @ CAPS4 and @ CAPS5 will be bad for these children to read. Other reasons why big kids should read books and why little kids shouldn't read books. Why should the taller ones in the @ NUM1 class read them because they are taller than the shorter ones. The little ones shouldn't do it because we don't want them to come home and say the words to mum, dad, grandma, grandpa etc. I have now come to the end of my persuasive essay for the journal on my thinking about why or why shouldn't we get rid of the consort in libraries. Also until next time I come back to this topic and hope you like this persuasive essay for the journal.
Imagine yourself as a @ NUM1 year old child sitting in front of one of the greatest philosophers in history, @ LOCATION1. A few days later, you find out that he was killed for "corrupting the minds of children". @ CAPS1 what? One of the greatest minds in human history has been censored for disliking his ideas. It's censorship at a basic level, and it happens to millions of books, movies, and songs every day. Censorship is not only bad, it is unnecessary. Here's why. @ CAPS1 Ultimately most books, movies, and songs are meant to be interpreted in different ways. For example, some poems are written in a vague tone so that they can be interpreted in different ways depending on the person. In addition, most music and books are intended to entertain, not to offend. Granted, some books are meant to be interpreted in a certain way, but that still doesn't mean they were meant to offend. Think about it next to you, look at a copy of '@ CAPS2 @ CAPS3' by @ PERSON1 ; is it really that offensive to you? When you are given a book in school for class assignment, they usually expect you to read it because it has some educational value for you. Books like “ À @ CAPS4 a @ CAPS5 ” offer enormous educational value because they show what the @ CAPS6 culture was like, but every day a new person tries to remove it from the shelves of every school library in @ LOCATION2 because she finds it offensive. Ask yourself, is this fair? The answer for me is no, because books like this have an educational value that outweighs their offensive character. There is one last thing you need to understand, and that is the fact that it doesn't matter how many books you take off the shelves, and it doesn't matter how many movies you ban, or how many songs you take away from us. , the problem is still not solved, it has just been deleted enough that different problems arise, and these problems are that there are people who wanted to read this book @ CAPS1 cannot because you thought that he was offensive. @ CAPS1 this person complains to anyone who has banned this form of literature, and the book or any other form of literature is put back on the shelves. @ CAPS1, you think it's fair to try to ban it again, but what does that solve? Nothing. Even if someone doesn't remove it, people can still teach and say what it is, making the ban worthless. I hope before you think about complaining about a book that you have found offensive, you think about it. Your complaint that causes the ban concerns everyone. It affects a teacher's ability to teach and a student's ability to learn. Is it really fair of you to pack good educational materials? Or you might be wondering, what does this really solve? Either way, you should always know that banning these things is wrong.
I think bad books, and all the adult books, magazines, and all the other stuff, should have their own place in libraries. If you don't want little kids and teens in these kind of books and magazines put the lock on the door and if you have proof of @ CAPS1 that shows your @ NUM1 then you will be out loud if you don't. do not. I don't have proof of @ CAPS1 so I guess you don't go back to the adult section. I say this because they have movies in movie stores that can't be seen aloud unless your @ NUM1, but the point is kids have an imagination that if you read a book you can also see images like a movie. Movies in the movie store are locked in a back room where you must be @ NUM1 or older to go back and watch. I bet it's wrong when your kid reads books and pulls swear words out of them and says them like an even younger sibling because it's just going to cause a bigger problem than what you started with. People have to understand these days that kids grow up too fast to leave stuff like that lying around. Parents should keep things like magazines, movies, photos, books, and stuff like that away from children. I feel like once you become a parent you automatically think you're smarter than a kid, yet kids are damn smart. I understand it's just a word, but it's disrespectful that your kids are running around swearing and saying inappropriate things to nice people. When kids do that, other parents who won't let their kids do this stuff think " wow, these parents obviously don't care ." I have a feeling it will never end but it would be better if the parents of the children didn't let them chat with the other ok at home if your parents didn't care then of course but when you go out to eat or something thing and your son or daughter is over there swearing like a freight train, all because of the books she's read, magazines and movies. I'm going to close this little description now and I'm still against kids who swear under the age of being a mature teenager.
There are many kinds of inappropriate entertainment in the world, but does that mean we should cut them all out ? I think censoring things like books, movies, and music in a library is not a good idea. We wouldn't have any diversity in the world or any kind of entertainment because everyone has a different perspective on what they think is offensive or inappropriate. With censorship of material in a library, this will severely limit what we can learn. For example, if someone thought that a book about how an animal caught them was offensive, then if a person was interested in knowing more about it, they couldn't. For many people, the only way to research is in a library, so if they had a work assignment and could only get information about it there, they couldn't complete their work if one no one thought a book on this topic was offensive. There are also many films that people in the medical field who describe the treatment procedures. What would they do if a person thought a movie about what they were doing was offensive ? They might not be able to save a person's life. With censorship, there would be no diversity. Censorship would leave us with very little choice in what to read for entertainment. It might even cause us not to have any books to read for entertainment, because if a person doesn't like a book that we can get rid of. So if all the books are not gone, there will still be a few books to choose from. This would cause everyone to read the same books, which would make the diversity very small. I only see a few good points in the censorship. Yes, it would prevent children from learning or hearing about inappropriate or offensive things, but it is what exists in our world and I believe we just have to accept it. Our society today is filled with crimes, hateful things, sex and profanity, but nothing changes that. @ MONTH1's censorship hides this for a little while, but it won't keep it forever. Censorship will not change our society. I don't think we should censor things in our libraries. This can only lead to the downfall of our communities. It's a great idea but I don't think it can help us more than it hurt us. Censorship will cause a lack of diversity education and awareness of our society
Now somehow some pieces of material will be found and used. Someone in this world will appreciate this material and want to share it with others. So really, anyway, @ MONTH1 is trying to delete any content that you think is offensive, but is that your right? I don't suppose so, I would consider it unfair. It is unfair that you were able to view this material and just because you thought it was offensive doesn't mean other @ MONTH1 find it offensive in their opinion. So the idea of taking them off the shelf for your own selfish opinion is ludicrous. For you, this would defeat the goal of being an @ CAPS1 for the author of this material. Have the freedom to sell or transmit anything they want viewers, readers, listeners, etc. watch and use, would not happen because a person or a small group of people considers it offensive. It's a big world out there, you just think because you can try to hide some documents from people in your area to see them, that no one will find a way, people will always find a way for them to come out or are found. It would be like trying to control what people should see, listen to, read, etc. Almost like you are controlling people, but you have to realize that you can't hide everything in this world. Also, not everyone in this world has the same mindset as you, and what you find offensive @ MONTH1 isn't, or means everyone is. So that leads me to conclude that you shouldn't have the right to remove from the shelves material that only you or a group of people find offensive. Do not try to control what people or children should see, listen to or read, as it will be discovered sooner or later. No matter how perfect you want this world to be, the reality is it won't happen and you can't hide everything.
Most people don't think there are things that children should see if they are found to be offensive. Like some books, music, movies and magazines. I don't believe books or anything else should be taken off library shelves. It should be the parents' choice as to what their child can watch or listen to. But nowadays, when a parent of a child or some other authority does not let them do, watch or listen to something, children want it more. Since they want more, they'll find a way to make, watch, or listen to whatever @ MONTH1. They'll even go behind their parents and probably don't care if they get in trouble. With this new generation, authority can only limit part of what children see today. Children see a lot of things that interest them and can find it in different ways. Computers, TV, and radio are three different ways to find things that can be shocking, but still interest children. I believe young parents are one of the reasons kids know about these movies, books, music and magazines. They say things and do things that young people shouldn't know at a young age. This is what makes kids think it's okay when their parents are doing anything maybe. So let it be the parents' choice of what the child can see. Because anyway, they can find a way to get it.
Things that count so much for one person @ CAPS1 to start, I'll say that Katherine Paterson said / @ CAPS2 what correct.Il are many @ CAPS3 in this world who are very sensitive about it in the house and around life that they wouldn't want anyone to touch. Or be around. One important thing that I have and that means so much to me and my @ CAPS4 is the @ CAPS5 that my @ CAPS6 gave us just before he passed away. Me and my @ CAPS4 have wanted to listen to it for a very long time. But we just don't have the courage to do it. We don't like when someone thinks they can just do whatever they want by walking to where we have this @ CAPS5 and grab it. @ CAPS1 me and my @ CAPS9 don't like it. So we say something. This is something we @ CAPS10 love that everyone can touch. Because it means so much to us! Most @ CAPS3 think we're crazy because we @ CAPS10 love anyone around or touching it, but all I have to say is that there are other @ CAPS3 around this area that are crazier than things being touched. For example : '@ CAPS10 be there next to my clock on the wall, I @ CAPS10 want you to drop it, so get away! 'This is something my best friends @ CAPS11 had already said. & she still feels the same to this day! But I mean, it's just how we feel about everything around us that matters a lot. But getting back to the situation, why is @ CAPS3 so frustrated with the things that are hanging on the wall, or the things that are in cases and this is where they have been for years and years. It's because it means a lot to them. It's not just because there is a way or some sort of reason to complain. It's just because it means a lot to them, and when I say it means a lot to them, I mean a bunch !! He's just trying to say that it means more than anything to them and that they don't want it messed up. Just try to understand what he's trying to tell you. Because it could mean so much. & you might get to the point of paying attention too. Just to help. But the magazine Katherine Paterson had written said the right thing. & she probably also has things in her life that mean a lot to her. You just have to recognize what is so important about her because there are a lot of @ CAPS3 who have important things in their life, and you could be one of them. Just try to see and feel what a lot of other @ CAPS3 are doing in the world around you. You just have to remember what's important to someone and help them keep tabs on them. & because a good friend to everyone.
What I think is that they should keep everything in the library. Some people like to stay and read the newspaper and listen to music when in the library. If you think it's offensive then don't read it or just choose another book. Everyone has their own ideas about a library and if they want their voice to be heard let them be heard. What I think of all this stuff in the library these days is good for kids so they can learn faster and have a lot more to look forward to when they get older. From my own experiences in the library, I find that there are a lot more people in the library and there is a lot more you can do instead of reading books most of the time. You can read magazines or newspapers to pass the time when no one is home or to hang out with, and it gets boring to read books so try something different for a little while and then resume reading the book that you started with and wanted to take a break. Then other people have their own voice to say something if they don't want it in their library. Some of my observations that I saw weren't really good. I saw protesters in front of libraries and saw them close because of it. But sometimes people can take it too far and sometimes burn it to the ground. I've seen people cry because of this and it really upsets me that I want to do something to help them but I really can't do anything. The most precious thing is the children and young children who read the books. What if someone burns down your house, is that how these kids feel when you close the safest place to them? They have the biggest voice of everyone together. That if you do something that makes them feel better, that would be really good for them. That they did nothing to deserve this kind of mess that we made them suffer. It is very difficult to have a place to go to read but there is nowhere to go. If you don't want to be silent, let your voice be heard around the world and have the freedom to let it speak. You have three different voices yours, others who agree or disagree and you have your children. So which one are you going to listen to? When you have a choice and you have to make it and you hope to do the right thing
Should you be hiding a child in the inappropriate half of the world ? Do not let them hear, see or read the evil of the world. Let them grow up as innocent as possible. Should libraries take these precautions? In a world like ours, bad things happen every day when it comes to suicides, assassinations, government scams, and even terrorist attacks, it's hard to stop people who shouldn't. not know, to know it. It's very easy for our nation to figure things out, all we have to do is watch @ CAPS1.V. or even go to our local library. While we already censor what's on TV, we don't think we care as much about our libraries. Our libraries contain thousands of books and magazines and now have an equal or greater amount of movies, @ CAPS2, and video games. I think a library should have censorship when it comes to what it has and how it organizes it. There should be different sections of libraries, much like they do now, of age groups and what is appropriate for them, and to prevent people from checking the articles that come from the sections above. them, they have an age group security check on the system library card record. It sounds very complicated, but at least we're doing everything we can to try not to expose anyone to anything they're too young for. When it comes to offensive material, I think it shouldn't be taken off the shelf but placed in a different place in the library. Some people need to read something that they find offensive, maybe they need to read it for a lesson, maybe the book is offensive but needs to be read because it teaches a very good lesson in life. There is a book called '@ CAPS3', it is written by a man whose last name is @ LOCATION1. It sounds very offensive, but it actually teaches people about the origin of the word and how it has become offensive to people. It's @ MONTH1 to be offensive to some people to read, but it teaches why people shouldn't say it. Yes, there will always be parents who don't care as much about what the child reads, watches, listens to, or plays. But, in order for the kids to get it, the parents will have to come and get it for them, that way the parents know what they are checking out from the library.
We all find things offensive, whether it's in a book, magazine, movie, CD, TV show, or newspaper article. Libraries hold all of these items, and some @ MONTH1 or @ MONTH1 people don't want to remove items they think are offensive, but would that be fair ? If everyone went to the library and took everything they deemed offensive from the shelves, we would have nothing left. Maybe writers should just cut back on things that are inappropriate, racist, or include foul language. Then fewer people would be offended and they would have no problem letting their children choose books for themselves. Although @ MONTH1 is not the writers' fault here. He @ MONTH1 be the readers. Some people would just have to stop taking everything seriously, then they wouldn't have to worry about things like what their kids are reading. Yes, most things for adults are now inappropriate for children, but that's why it is for adults. Children have their own selection of books and movies. And parents need to realize that maybe they should take their kids to the children's section. All types of entertainment are categorized by age and people should start paying more attention to it. If parents started watching what their kids are doing then they wouldn't worry about reading or watching something that they shouldn't be. That's what parents are for, looking after their kids and some people don't do a very good job of that. If there's a book you're reading that you don't want your kid to read, it's probably something you read when you were older, so don't bother until he is reaching that age. And maybe then it would be okay if they read it, because they're old enough to understand right from wrong. Parents cannot always control what their children are doing. And if they accidentally pick up the book their parents never wanted them to read, they @ MONTH1 see it in a different way than their dad mom and they @ MONTH1 learn a very valuable lesson.
When you go to a library, you expect to see various books, movies, music, magazines, and maybe other items. If a person is looking for a book that might be offensive to a race, culture, religion, etc., they should always be able to view that book. Libraries should not be able to control these situations because it is the choice of individuals or adults to read these kinds of stories. In our country, we are allowed to express our opinion through @ CAPS1. The @ CAPS1 includes freedom of expression which ensures that anyone can express their personal feelings or opinion on certain matters. If a person wishes to consult a book that could technically offend another person by law, they have the right to do so. I don't condone that someone should read books, listen to music, or even watch movies that might be hateful or cruel, but by law it's okay for people to want to read, listen to or watch these works. Libraries are government funded organizations. Therefore, this means that they do not have the right to disregard these works. The government pays for the books that are purchased in the library. This means that they need books that people would like to read and that interest them even though certain groups of people might not agree with their work. I do not encourage reading these novels or listening to offensive music, but as citizens of @ LOCATION1 we are allowed to listen to what we want and read whatever we want because that is what our country is supposed to defend freedom. When I think of @ LOCATION2 I think of freedom, and I have to say I'm proud our country stands up for that, and we should stand up for that freedom even when it comes to the little things in life.
Be aware that you are asking me to write an essay for a journal reflecting my take on censorship in libraries. Well alright I'm not gonna like what I have to say but I really don't care @ CAPS1 if it was up to your dam government to decide what we could say or what we can read or even do. They would have us all in our house with our hands tied so that we couldn't learn more than how to eat, clean and dress. Now the way I see it is that we all have the rites to read any book we like when we want to read it. now if we don't want to read a book, we don't have to read it. but we as a people and they as a government do not have the rite of removing your books from the libraries. Now as a people we can press whatever we want @ CAPS1 no matter what they think because the government thinks the people are running the stats and not the dam government. What I mean is that the books are there to teach us about our lives, our history. The books teach us what is wrong and what is a rite. Books are there to tell a scary story by a campfire, they are there to tell children a bedtime story. If we take these books off our shelves you think kids your generation are bad wait @ CAPS1 the next one will be worse than this I promise you. Now it's our rite to save our books, @ CAPS1 if we don't then we because @ CAPS3 will be lost. Because without books our past is lost, our fock tales are forgotten, our children will not be able to sleep at night without their stories. Now come on dude like a get everyone get their act together. If you see a book about shevles and think its infractions, then by @ CAPS4 put the roadblock and walk away, don't complain. No one told you you had to read it. So don't spoil it for everyone just @ CAPS1 because you don't believe in @ CAPS4 and you think bibles don't laugh so don't touch. it's the same if you bleave in @ CAPS4 and you think all the books about a witch or vampires or that I even have a house in the house, leave it alone. it's just a dam book, let's read them. See you guys blame us kids that video games are rotting our minds but in reality it's the parent who is dosing @ CAPS1. So go back and let us read and play and do whatever we wanna do.
Lots of people like different books, music, movies, and magazines. Some people take offense at them. Others don't. For me, I don't. I don't think there are some documents like books, music, movies, magazines etc. should be removed from the shelves, as there are different types for different types of people. If a person takes offense to a book or magazine, I think they should just put it back. If the books that offend people couldn't be on the shelves, there wouldn't be books on the shelves because I'm sure there is at least one person in the world who would take offense at every book. . There are still a lot of people in the world. For music, there are also different types. There is rap, country, rock, pop and many more. For example, if someone likes rap but not country, that person has the choice of listening to rap and not country. If that person doesn't like the country it shouldn't be deleted because others @ MONTH1 like the country and want to listen to it. For films, there are many different types. There is horror, comedy, romance and many more. That is why in the cinema there are different rooms for different films. People always have a choice. Lots of people like different books, music, movies, and magazines. Some people take offense to them while others don't. Each person is different. People like different things. This is, in my opinion, the beauty of human nature
Views on censorship in libraries certainly vary from person to person. There are those who are offended by the material available to everyone, and then there are those who want the right to read, listen and watch what they want. I believe there are pros and cons to each choice, anyway, but there has to be some sort of censorship in libraries; the line must be drawn somewhere. The words of the music can be extremely offensive to some people. Inappropriate scenes in movies, whether it's two people of the opposite sex or moments of intense action, are not things young people should be exposed to. Easy access to the library is part of the problem. Anyone of any age can get their hands on just about anything they want. From my own experience, I have had the opportunity to get anything I wanted from the library. The advertising images on the covers of books, movies, magazines, etc. gave me the wrong idea of what the material actually contained when I was younger. I came home from a day at the library with material my parents didn't approve of. If you look at it from another point of view, you would probably think that if we got rid of all the material that someone found offensive, our libraries would end up with next to nothing. In fact, I believe that once people realized that exposure to this kind of material is offensive, writers would change the way they write; directors would change the way they produced films; the artists changed the lyrics of their songs. So yes, the library shelves would have been stripped of a lot of materials, but they would be replaced with what people want. Others might claim that they have the right to read, listen and watch what they want. This @ MONTH1 is true, but shouldn't other people be allowed to let their children go to libraries without worrying about the horrible material they might be exposed to? Although for some people this @ MONTH1 argument goes both ways, if the line is never drawn on what is available, who knows what the @ MONTH1 world is coming from. From there, the material can only become more offensive, more disturbing, and leave a bigger effect on people's minds. Children will be exposed to the “evils” of this world even at a younger age, and if that is all they ever know, they will not realize what else this world has to offer them. Writers, directors, producers, and artists will all change their material if we show them that's not what we want.
Do I think some documents, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc. must be deleted ? Yes I think they should all be deleted, as it might hurt people's feelings, and might make them do a lot of things. Like suicide, drama, etc., having any of these things in a library could hurt someone's feelings. I really don't think I would like to have racist comments about myself in a book, so why would anyone else ? I think by removing all of these things the lives of some could be better. From the library experience last week, I saw this girl who ran to her mother crying because she was African American, and the book said something about their race. And she was worried that what happened back then with all of slavery would happen again. I would be so terrified to read about people who laughed at my life, called names and beat me, that sort of thing would ruin my day. Now I think the library would learn how to remove some things from stock. Now that I have given you convincing arguments on my choice from my own experience. I think they should take my advice and realize that having this stuff is not good for kids, teens or even adults that they shouldn't be reading this stuff. All he does is bring some people down, make them cry, and also such stupid stuff. Now, making the choice to remove all of that would be smart, and it would make things better for everyone.
Imagine walking into a library where the shelves are empty. A library where there are no books to get lost in the pages. A library where we are not allowed to read controversial classics that fill and open our minds to new points of view. A library where literary works such as @ ORGANIZATION1, To @ CAPS1 a @ CAPS2 and @ PERSON1 are not on the shelves waiting for students to delve into their pages. Some of the greatest books ever written are respected for their controversy and mind-boggling ideas. Censorship in libraries should not be enforced because everyone has the personal right to read what they want, has the right to broaden their mind, and has the right to enjoy a practice that is supported by modern technology. A number of children in @ LOCATION1 are unable to read at their appropriate grade level. This number is increasing dramatically due to poor educational opportunities, lack of interest in education and lack of resources in @ LOCATION1. Reading is the fundamental basis of every school subject. It is proven that children who do well in reading are five times more likely to be better performers overall. However, by censoring books permitted in a classroom and library, we take away the opportunity for a child to expand their mind. We also carry books that @ MONTH1 is of interest to a child. Children are @ PERCENT1 more likely to read a book that interests them. Allowing a child not to read a book, such as "@ CAPS3 @ CAPS4" is inconvenient and detrimental to the child. Removing a book that the students enjoy very much discourages them from reading it completely. A person not only has the right to the best education they can receive, but they also have the right to read whatever they want. Books open a child's mind to new places and new adventures that they will never have been able to experience in their lifetime. Books have the ability to expand the minds of people. Some of the most interesting and controversial books that challenge an individual's beliefs and thoughts are being taken off the shelves and no longer readily available to people. @ LOCATION2 was founded on the basis of freedoms; freedom of expression, freedom of thought. Why shouldn't this freedom apply to books? Why should one person be allowed to tell another person what you can and cannot read ? And why should these books be available to everyone in public libraries? This freedom should apply to books. No one should be allowed to tell another person what they can and cannot read. And these books should not be censored in public and school libraries. No one should be denied the chance to learn. By censoring books in @ LOCATION2 libraries, millions of children are denied the chance to learn. We live in a world where televisions, computers, iPods, and cell phones can be found in most homes and in everyone's hands. Books are considered "a thing of the past" and are not up to date with today's technology. However, books are an important part of education. Library censorship discourages children from reading even more than they already are from reading. Children don't want to be told what they can and can't read and by taking away the books they want we are suppressing their minds. Censorship will only make them want to read less and play more on the computer. Censorship in libraries is also an unnecessary and inefficient method. Children with Internet access can search almost anything on their home computers. The things they find on the internet will be more controversial than the majority of censored books. A favorite book of many children is the @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 series. These books have been withdrawn from many libraries for their witchcraft use. However, a child can go home and watch movies or search the Internet for something more controversial. Censorship is unnecessary because children have other ways of looking at things that would be censored in a library. Censorship in libraries should not be enforced because everyone has the personal right to read what they want, has the right to broaden their mind, and has the right to enjoy a practice that is supported by modern technology. Young people today are exposed to wars, terrorist attacks, gangs, domestic violence and driveways every day. The world of books can be an escape from the world they live in. Books can help a child overcome poverty, mental health problems and violence in everyday life. The pages of the books fill them with hope and give them the courage to create a better future for themselves. The inspirational stories in the books have inspired millions of people to accomplish more than they thought possible. Censorship would deprive our future generations of any chance to learn from these books. Censorship would only harm our youth and the greatness it can achieve.
First of all, I think if it's on the shelf you should be able to get it, no matter how old you are. Yeah, their stuff shouldn't be on the shelf, but how are kids and people supposed to know to get it or not. If kids aren't allowed to get quality material off the shelves then it shouldn't be theirs, @ CAPS1 my opinion. Parents @ MONTH1 think differently, parents might think that only certain things should be disclosed in a library. @ CAPS1 not their choice however. Everything is allowed to be in a library. If you don't want your kid to read or get certain things, then when your kid goes to the library, go with him. Help them choose a book. In conclusion, I think you should be able to check everything on the shelf. Kid or if you are an adult. If you are not allowed to get it, then why is it theirs ? I don't know if I couldn't answer that question other than why is it theirs ? @ CAPS1 my opinion however
"@ CAPS1 are you reading" asked mom. I immediately hid the book behind my back, knowing that she wouldn't like the idea of me reading such an in-depth book. Some parents don't like their kids to read content. If things don't go well at home, they shouldn't be good at school. There are some topics that maybe we shouldn't, but we do it because our parents say no. Removing these topics will remove the possibility of disobeying parents and facing the behavior of the book. There are books, movies, magazines, and music that are " cool ", but not quite appropriate. Some movies and music use offensive language and actions that some children hold onto and view as actors, actresses, and performers. Soon they start to make a name for themselves using such language or actions and eventually become known as The Bad Kid. Students like me are inferior to being popular or noticed, so they feel the need to do things to get noticed. Most of the things students learn from are things they see, hear or watch, such as the media. It is wise to put censors in the libraries for the students. While some students may not necessarily want censorship in libraries, it is only in their best interest to remove offensive material. It will make students, myself included, better people by not learning the things we hear about or watch. I think by using censorship it will help the students to make the decision at home to get involved in such a thing. I have noticed that students often watch how movie stars and famous people act. Let's say I was a fan of @ PERSON1 and read that she stole something. Being a fan of her, I would either find someone else to model, or I would do like her because it's cool. If I did the things @ PERSON2 did my parents would most likely kill me, and if I was lucky somehow and they didn't I would go to jail for sure. So in conclusion, I think censorship is important in libraries because it ensures the well-being of students and protects them from things that they don't need to be a part of. I would respect the idea of censorship in my school because I would know that it is only there to help me. I hope all students see that it is important not to be subjected to violence, sex, drugs, theater, through movies, music, magazines or books
I don't think censorship should be practiced in libraries, @ CAPS7 it's not fair to everyone. If censorship was practiced everywhere, there probably wouldn't be any movies or anything entertaining, due to a large number of complaints. I also have a few reasons @ CAPS6 I think there shouldn't be censorship in libraries. @ CAPS5 The first reason is freedom of the press. In our @ ORGANIZATION1, we are given the right to write whatever we want, and if the censorship continues, we will lose one of our rights. I don't think it's fair to control what we want to write or read. Another reason I have would be freedom of speech. Also written in our @ ORGANIZATION1 from @ ORGANIZATION1, we have the right to say whatever we want, and no one can control that. If we continue to use censorship, this right will also be taken away from us. We are slowly losing our given @ CAPS1 rights, @ CAPS7 people are offended by books and things of that nature. A personal experience I had was one day a friend of @ CAPS5 and I was going to go to the library to get a book for our story report. The report was to cover @ DATE1 and slavery. Unfortunately @ CAPS5's friend was @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3, and he struggled not to be offended by the mission. When we got to the library, things got worse. All the books we found talked about how badly slaves were treated back then. Friend @ CAPS5 was getting very upset at this point. Finally he saw another book mocking slaves, then he approached the librarian asking, " @ CAPS4, you take these books off the shelf and put them somewhere else ?" " The librarian just looked at him with a straight face and said," No. What makes you think you should get special treatment ? " The friend was stunned @ CAPS5. He couldn't believe what he had just heard. After he got back to where I was sitting, I told him she was right. '@ CAPS6 is that it?' He said. I said: '@ CAPS7 if she had taken all those books she should have taken all the other books too, @ CAPS7 someone would find something hurtful.' “ You know, you're probably right, ” he said. Censorship is not fair, @ CAPS7 it limits us to our abilities and what we value. It is not fair to punish others on the basis of what they read, write or say. We all have our own preferences; what would you like if yours were taken from you ?
Some people often go to the library to consult books, movies, magazines, etc. But what some people might not realize is that some of the things they have in the library can be offensive to some people. I think everything in libraries should stay there. Obviously the library allowed it there for some reason. So honestly, it can't be that bad. I don't think there are some things that should be taken out of the library. People have to understand that this is life. There are going to be some things that you don't like, but you need to take care of them. If you watch TV, you will notice that there are things that are offensive to some people. But nobody really does much about it. Books may be offensive to you, but to someone else it may just be another book they want to read. Without intentional intention to offend anyone. The library is all about learning. Everything is for educational purposes. I read books that I stopped and thought about for a second as I read them and noticed that there were some pretty harsh things in them. But I didn't complain, I just kept reading. A lot of the books are based on real events so no matter how offensive they are to people just think about what the author's purpose was in creating this book and the same with the movies. So people can see what the author has to say. Everyone has the right to have their own opinion. And that's the subject of most magazine articles. Express what you think of a certain topic. Even in the @ CAPS1 class I'm in now, we had to read 'TO @ CAPS2 A @ CAPS3'. Some people @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5 might think it's racist, but it isn't. The author tries to assert his point of view. The way it was before whites and blacks were treated the same. Now, if you still think it's offensive to yourself or other people, then that's okay. This is why it is a free country. Everyone has the right to say what they feel and not to be in trouble for it. So I hope I understood that it is normal for some things to be offensive to people. As long as that's not all the point of what you watch or read. What I doubt. So the next time you read or watch something that offends you. Think about how much the person who wrote or made the movie was trying to get the point across. Mybe by offending you, it gets the message across.
Censorship can be a very good thing. It prevents inappropriate material from falling into the wrong hands. It also keeps the horrors contained in the detected material out of the community and it makes the community a better environment to live in. But too much censorship can turn into a bad thing. For example, @ ORGANIZATION1 had an extreme censorship policy when it burned all those books. There are also several books that talk about the idea of censorship getting out of hand like the book @ CAPS1 @ NUM1. Libraries should censor some of their material. Books and magazines should be censored on the basis of their content. Books and magazines both use words and sometimes pictures to get the point across. If a book uses vulgar and inappropriate language, it should be censored in some way. With that in mind, I shouldn't be able to pick a book and open it to find sexual dialogue. I also shouldn't be able to find the constant use of swear words in a book or magazine. In addition, a lot of people are offended by violence and a lot of gore. Magazines and books also use pictures to help get the point across. If there are inappropriate images in either of the two sources, that material should be censored. If I walk around my local library and see just a magazine with a nude photo on the front, I'm going to wonder about my library's censorship policy. Another example would be if I take a book and start browsing it and it has an inappropriate image, I'm going to question my library's censorship policy. Likewise, if a magazine has an extremely violent or extremely gory image, it should be darned. Overall, if a book or magazine is grossly inappropriate, it should somehow be censored. Music is another form of media that can be found in a library and should be censored. Musicians use artwork on album covers to grab people's attention. If this work of art includes profanity or inappropriate images, it should be censored in some way. Musicians also play music of course. But if the lyrics of these songs are self-explanatory or have many sexual themes, they should be respected. Someone should have to deal with wading into music like this. Either way, if a music album is out of this world, it should be censored. Movies are probably the hardest thing to spot. This is because they use language, pictures, music and video. Movies are multimedia freaks that can sometimes be very clean, and sometimes very inappropriate. If a movie is rated @ CAPS2, it should not be in a public library. Movies rated @ CAPS3 for only content, nudity, drug use, alcohol abuse, or profanity should be censored. A child shouldn't be able to get their hands on that stuff in a public library. Plus, depending on the violence and gore of a movie, it should be censored. Inappropriate films, especially those rated @ CAPS3, should be censored. It is sad that this debate even needs to take place. But it does, we need to censor some things that offend people @ MONTH1 if they saw them in their public library. Things containing nudity, sexual content, profanity, gore, and violence can potentially be censored. There must also be a line where we will stop detecting or very soon, just like Katherine Paterson said we will be out of books. But overall there must be some sort of censorship in public libraries.
As an individual and what books I have read I think there are some books that need to be taken off the shelves. My concern is for the children who get their hands on these books. Children should be children and wait until they are older and more mature to know certain things. It also includes music, movies, and magazines. Some people believe that these things influence bad behavior like theft, swearing, and even murder. The less obsessive material we have, the better we can control our children or at least some of them anyway. We see bad behavior every day like theft, swearing, murder and assault. Have you ever wondered what makes people do this ? Look around you, they show it in the movies, they talk about it in the books. there are even songs about it, no wonder kids think it's okay to do this stuff ! If we limit these items, we @ MONTH1 see positive results. Like I said before, children should be children and be free from these obsessive materials. Sometimes they will be exposed to it, but I hope they will be older. In the meantime, censors should be placed on these items or removed from the shelves.
Do I believe our libraries have books on their shelves that they shouldn't have. Of course, I think there are books, music, movies, magazines, that young children shouldn't read, hear or watch. These kinds of things affect our everyday life. Let's start with a book that kills. I wasn't a parent at the time, but I know for a fact that I wouldn't want my children to read about this kind of violence. It's not something a twelve-year-old should read. Books like this might make kids think oh he killed someone why not me, and that's how some kids get bad and have to go to jail at @ NUM1's age, because they killed someone. 'one or at least tried. There are also other books that some children should not read that @ MONTH1 deals with slavery. If a mother doesn't want her child to know about slavery at her age, there shouldn't be this kind of book on the shelves for a ten-year-old to read. I mean, if I had any family members who lived in the days of slavery, I sure wouldn't want my kids to read about it because it shows how disrespectful whites disrespected people. Black and it could have an effect on this child. This might cause them to dislike whites. Second, the music. I know most libraries don't have all of this bad music that's on the radios, but I'm sure there is music that has something about steel. This is another thing that could give kids the wrong idea and send them back down the wrong path again. There are just things that kids shouldn't hear unless they're with one of their parents, and then that parent might explain to them that you shouldn't do as the song says. But they shouldn't be in our school or public libraries. The third thing is the movies. There shouldn't be any movies about murders, house burglaries, or fighting under any circumstances in a school library. School is not a place for a child to watch this stuff. It just gives a young child a bad idea and is not suitable for schools. The last is that of magazines. There shouldn't be any school magazines of women in swimsuits or men without shirts. It might trick the kid into thinking he could do it and he might get in big trouble. That's what I think of books, music, magazines, and movies in a library.
If there are any books, movies, music, or magazines that are offensive, then I think they should be removed from the library as a precaution for small children. Everyone wants to watch a different movie, book, or music that is not suitable for children, but we all also know where children get their hands on. Books can be left on the shelf, if they are. younger people don't bother them. They should know that adults don't always want to watch children's shows. There should be a right that adults can take books off the shelf if it is not good for children. Yes, books, magazines, movies, and music should be left out if they are offensive. This is necessary because they can watch movies and learn bad habits from broadcasts, listen to music and learn bad words, and watch magazines and see bad pictures. Children should therefore stay away from offensive materials. There are a lot of young children out there who like to get into things that they are not supposed to do. Such as bad movies not for their age because kids learn bad habits from tv shows or even movies. If the film is offensive, it should definitely stay off the shelves. Inless it's just adults in the house. If the films are just on the shelf or around the house. Younger children can still grab them without knowing what it is and go and watch it in their room. Horrible music is just as bad as they can listen to it and get their bad language from @ CAPS1. If parents don't want growing kids to be bad people, I advise all parents to keep the worst @ CAPS2 away from the kids and hide them all. They can always hide them in bedrooms, in an office design for the safety of the children. Make sure all children stay away from offensive and evil objects that they are not aloud to. Magazines are bad to look at if they contain pictures that are not necessary for children. Look at all the children around the magazines or look at the magazines before allowing them to read it. There are some disgusting pictures @ MONTH1 that kids can't see when they are young. So make sure they all stay away and away from them. I would keep all items out of the reach of young children at all times if they are not good. Just watch all the kids around magazines, movies, and music. All these materials, all children can learn bad habits. If they're not offensive, don't worry about them looking at them because it won't hurt. They all want to live a life one day and act like they're adults. So sometimes you have to treat them like an adult. Yes, make sure all books, music, movies, and magazines are kept away from young children if they are offensive. Movies should stay away from children because they can learn bad show habits, music should stay away from young children because they can learn bad language, and magazines should stay away from young children too because they can look at bad pictures which they also don't assume.
In a way, many books are put on the library shelves for a reason. Some books take race, sexism, bullying, etc. to the extreme. Putting myself in a child's shoes when reading those books, magazines, movies, music, etc., should be scary. Languages in movies and music are not what we think they are. Would you like your child, @ NUM1, to come out and do what other @ NUM1 years old are doing because they think it's cool for other people to do? Remember when you were young and your parents didn't have to worry about what you were doing because your generation was not like today's generations? Well, these next generations are probably going to get worse if we don't do something now. Removing books from a shelf or removing profanity from a song won't hurt a child or teen at all. These things tell your kids that it's okay to have sex, smoke, drink, or even swear. I know my mom is worried about me @ NUM3 because she always calls me to check on me and ask how my day was or if I had any issues today. If we work together to take care of all the name calling, I bet the world would be a much safer, better place to be. Bullying would no longer be a problem; neither cyer's space nor drugs and alcohol. You have to step in and show your children that doing these things is not acceptable or necessary in any life. Remind them that there is a lifetime there without sex, drugs, and swearing. So, the next time you think you are going to buy a DVD or CD, preview it before you buy it. Make sure that if your child listened to it, it wouldn't hurt or contain profanity. Make sure you talk to your child about what is right and wrong. Let's make these blasphemies go away on their own. If it's not something you want your child to listen to, you shouldn't be listening to it either.
Looking for a book in your local library that you've read, want to reread @ CAPS1 to enjoy the sound of his words again ? You look at shelf after shelf, without locating @ CAPS1 anywhere. You searched everywhere, through anything the book could possibly be listed. You have gone through backs of paper, hard backs; You end up letting your frustration take over. Abandoning the search for the novel, you walk up to the librarian and ask him questions about @ CAPS1. She replies, "I'm sorry, we had to delete this particular novel because someone found @ CAPS1 offensive to them." You are furious, you decide to write an article in your local newspaper on the outrage of books, movies, music, etc. that have been removed from your local library. Personally, I don't think media removed from the library should be considered offensive. How can you consider what is offensive and what is not? A book can be offensive to one person, but not to another. Different people have different opinions, and @ CAPS1 is not reasonable to remove a book or other media from a library because @ CAPS1 contains “ offensive material ”. @ CAPS1 is ridiculous ; @ CAPS1 annoys me that someone does this. If you think that @ CAPS1 might fall into the hands of a child, or someone @ CAPS1 would affect, do not rent the article. This is why in most libraries there are separate areas for adults and children so that children do not have access to these items. How can you tell if something is offensive ? Personally, I don't find a lot of things offensive, but just because something offends me doesn't mean I'm going to ask that @ CAPS1 be banned so that other people can't take advantage of @ CAPS1. If you find anything offensive, just leave @ CAPS1 alone. Do not disturb, annoy or disturb anyone else who has nothing to do with their creation with @ CAPS1. @ CAPS1 is not only disrespectful to the person you are complaining to, but also to the artist who created @ CAPS1. You have the right to express your opinion, but sometimes @ CAPS1 does not need to express. We live in such a closed world. We have people who don't even think @ CAPS1 is appropriate to show an arm. I can see why some people take offense at these things, but honestly @ CAPS1 is poor at reporting something just because you don't agree with @ CAPS1. We have a vast knowledge of what is right or wrong, what is and is not appropriate for an audience to hear. If @ CAPS1 was not appropriate, do you honestly think @ CAPS1 would have been published? Of course, there are things in books, music, etc. that are inappropriate, but being so closed-minded to have something prohibited for the use of foul language, minor sexual content, or violence doesn't make sense. You can find worse, hear worse, just by walking down the street just about anywhere. Frankly answer the question, no, I don't think media should be banned just because @ CAPS1 is offensive. As @ CAPS2, we have the right to make our voices heard, from two different points of view. You can argue if something is mediocre, is offensive ; I will respond, just because I have the right to express my opinion the way you do. These reasons why enjoyable media are banned, such as language and violence, add emphasis, meaning, emotion and make the reader look so much more in a book, song, etc. This is how authors see their work, they want to show people what they see, even if @ CAPS1 offends someone else.
Imagine someone walks up to you and says, “ @ CAPS1 are you reading there ? Wait, I know this book! This book is absolutely shocking! How dare you read that! Then imagine that they take this book away and you never see it again. This is an example of how censorship works. If the government notices citizens of our country with offensive magazines, books, movies or music, is it fair that they grab it? No, in any case they are not allowed to do that! Everyone should be able to decide for themselves whether @ CAPS1 is right or wrong ; watch, read or hear. No one should be exposed to something they don't want. Also, if a person really wants to find some offensive form of entertainment, they will find it whether it is legal or not. Therefore, I think trying to prevent people from doing this is futile action. Remember when you could listen to your favorite bedtime story, “ @ CAPS2 The @ ORGANIZATION2 ” ? Well, you can't read it anymore, the government declared the book offensive to camels and took it away. Now you only have a boring book on camel facts. @ CAPS1 fun is it? And I must be thinking, '@ CAPS1 about the authors ?' @ CAPS4 what is incredible in our country is our freedom of speech and expression ! To stop all this creativity of our author is difficult and cruel. Writing a great story is almost impossible to accomplish with limitations that could result from government censorship. If a song is nice and sweet, but has a bad word @ CAPS4 in it, is that a bad song ? If there was censorship, who would decide that @ CAPS1 is appropriate ? Would the @ CAPS5 decide for us ? Or would @ ORGANIZATION1 get together and read the books aloud before they were declared inappropriate ? Personally, I would like to decide for myself. And, as a mature adult, I can. I have the moral and the spirit to choose myself @ CAPS1 is good or bad. Perhaps the multitude of books and songs that we have now would disappear altogether. It's possible. It's unbelievably hard to imagine the whole country having the same moral opinions about our entertainment. This could result in the elimination of a number of forms of entertainment. So how do we create a standard to endorse these forms of entertainment ? Realizing that there are fragile young children who are aware of all forms of public entertainment, some censorship @ MONTH1 will be required. However, I firmly believe that this should be limited. Censorship should only be used to help children. It is like how a parent asks their children to eat healthy food rather than junk food as they grow older. When the children are older, they decide for themselves what food @ CAPS1 to eat. Some of the items that I think should be censored are; public advertisements, children's television shows and children's films. The things that I believe, and many others, should be censored are; profanity, violence and insults towards race, religion and gender. Later, these children can choose for themselves @ CAPS1 that they deem acceptable, and the censorship can end. Total censorship is bad. Every citizen has the right to read what he wants. And no one should ever try to take it off. Please never let people tell you your own moral.
Many libraries today have limits on what they can put on their shelves. Yes, their material is offensive to the world, but it's just artists trying to make a name for themselves. If we start to control our thoughts, feelings, and artistic abilities, where will this bring our rapidly developing culture ? Libraries should not have the right to censor material. One way to appeal to everyone's requests would be to divide the library into two main sections, children and adults, and then continue to divide the sections. Doing this would be cost effective and adding an age limit in the adults section so that no noisy kids can get in would be good. This would help make it easier to find a book to find the right book. Censorship is defined as the removal of a particular item, which is either offensive to a certain group or prohibited. If someone took the @ PERSON3 statue from @ PERSON2 and other pieces of work, we wouldn't get to where we are today. If you remove material, you never know where it might go or lead someone. Censorship retains the true potential of many artists. Limiting someone's knowledge could hinder that chance to become something in this world. I have read many books which are both offensive and other books on knowledge and intelligence and there is no difference. Lots of things are of interest to different people. The quote from author Katherine Paterson explains all of this very well if someone has the right to take a book off the shelf everyone has the right to take a document off a shelf and so there would be no more books. Censoring something not only hurts the person who created it, it hurts everyone. Libraries should not censor any material. Censorship of material hurts everyone yearns for an open mind or a better understanding of something. As the quote from Katherine Paterson says: “ We can all think of a book that we hope none of our children or other children have pulled off the shelves. But if I have the right to take this book off the shelf - this job that I abhor - then you have exactly the same right and everyone else too. And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us. @ CAPS1 explains that if one person has the right to remove a material from a shelf, everyone has that right. Censorship shouldn't be in libraries.
Is it offensive? Should people have the right to take away other people's ideas? What do you think; I think so ? for centuries people have written, made videos and all types of music. Some see this as freedom of expression. Others might think it is a rebellion or a conspiracy. I believe @ CAPS1 are exceptional writers and promising producers and artists . But not all media are good. For a long period of time, young children have been influenced by media such as : books, movies, music, etc. It is perfectly normal that many adults who have children discriminate against certain media. But that's not all. as children who suffer, there is also religion, race, gender, sexuality and social groups. @ CAPS1 should be certain rules and laws that oppose such wrongdoing. But everyone is entitled to @ CAPS1's opinion. Hundreds of people are discriminated against because of what they are here and see in the media. film The @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3. This could be seen as offensive to many people such as those of African American descent or any other race who have experienced similar abuse. These are just a few issues with free speech, but @ CAPS1 will always be disagreements and different opinions.
Dear @ CAPS1, at @ CAPS2 or @ CAPS3 at @ CAPS2 @ CAPS5, is it wrong to ban a book ? It occurred to me that this @ CAPS5 is exactly what our library just thought of doing to all books, music, movies, magazines, etc. that anyone finds offensive. For that, I do not agree. The world @ CAPS5 a better place to live, when everyone has a level playing field. Some @ CAPS5 information is sensitive, but that same information should never be completely blocked for anything more than the @ CAPS6 itself. Our country @ CAPS5 based on freedom of press and expression, to deny that @ CAPS5 to deny our livelihoods as a country. To solve a situation like this, we all need to create some kind of checks and balances system to keep the information, but also protect it from the youngest until the moment @ CAPS5 from a guardian's perspective. Our country has many problems, but a few of them are @ CAPS3 the core values that are championed in @ CAPS6. In @ CAPS6, @ CAPS5 stated that we have freedom of press and expression. This means that we can post anything, no matter how inappropriate the topic is. It also protects any reader from being denied the right to have information at their fingertips. There was just one example of this, inside @ LOCATION1, when a local library had to allow anyone to search for porn on library computers due to the laws set out in @ CAPS6. Even though some @ MONTH1 do not like the idea of such freedom, we cannot ban work solely on the basis of the discretion of some. The world @ CAPS5 an ever-changing place, with almost nothing given a constant. This @ CAPS5 is exactly the same for information of all types. No one can say what will or will not be accepted in our society in the future. At the moment, there are many sexual topics that are quite offensive to many and are considered unacceptable to the younger generation. The only problem with this @ CAPS5 is the ease with which this type of information can be obtained. Internet @ CAPS5, the very place where so much information flows, whether good or bad. Blocking all of this information just can't be done, but restricting it @ CAPS5 our only hope. To create such a restriction, our library may need to have some type of checks and balances system that could allow people with ordered consent or adults to get their hands on these types of works. Those aged @ NUM1 or older could easily be allowed in sections containing these works, but those younger than @ NUM1 would need to have the consent of a guardian before being allowed in those sections. A perfect example of this would be out of '@ CAPS10 @ CAPS11 and The @ CAPS12 of @ CAPS13' when @ CAPS10 @ CAPS5 @ CAPS3 is allowed in the restricted section of the library unless it has a signed pass of a teacher. This type of protection would still allow works to be made public, while preventing the younger generation from having any freedom to view material inappropriate for their age. As humans, we crave information, whether it's watching, listening or reading. To block any part of this @ CAPS5 experience to block our full potential. A lot of things are offensive, but again a great deal of @ CAPS5 life is offensive. Our founding fathers knew this and took it with them by writing the @ CAPS6, and now we have an @ CAPS6 that protects all of our information. This @ CAPS5 is a very good thing, but there are some things that should be championed by those who are too young to understand its meaning. We must protect our freedoms, but also protect our children. To do this, we need to create a program that allows those who want to see what they want and those who are too young to see what their tutors allow them.
I agree with the censorship on reading materials. I understand that the people who sell the products want to grab attention and get people to buy what they are selling. I have a lot of experience with this because I read a lot of automotive magazines and they have a lot of models sometimes, but I'm your seventeen-year-old savage and that's fine with me too, but there is a little problem. My school is very good about it, they see a flag and put it on the back, but they still let you read it. I like it because it keeps bad apples out of it. I have a really good relationship with my mom and dad, they tell me I can have it, but if it's eighty-five percent cars and only five percent models, they're okay with it. that. I said one thing about limt. All things have a limit, like the amount of garden hose stock parts a car can hold before they break. I have a limit on what I buy sent I'm not yet eighteen I can only car magazines but can't understand myself I love cars and sent little
What is offensive? How do we know what offends people, I mean everyone is different, everyone has their own thoughts and beliefs. So how do we know what offends whom? The things I would find offensive would be racial discrimination, sex discrimination, or religious discrimination. This stuff would offend most people, I think, but you can never be sure. Books will always be books and you can't tell people what they can and can't write or publish because everyone has the right to free speech. People will always say what they want, but not everyone can get what they want. People need to be aware of and understand this concept. If any book, magazine, song, movie, or any other type of written or vocal recording offends someone, then do not read, listen to, or watch this article. No one can make someone watch or listen to something that offends them. People will still be able to do whatever they want in most cases. Books, songs, movies, magazines, and more will always offend at least one person in the world we live in, but to be honest do we really care if it offends people if it is. what we feel or believe ? So I think if it offends a person they won't take it off the shelf and if they do it is their own personal problem, people can't tell other people what they can or can't not write or record, it is their life that they let them live.
Isn't there a saying in the world that it is a free country? I thought it was because there are a lot of things people shouldn't see in the world. But we find ways to see it anyway, no matter what it is, the world has so many sources to get the truth or maybe even lies to the world we live in. From the media to the press to poparasi maybe even the people around you they are all helping the cause of things that shouldn't be seen by people. There is something out there that we the people have no idea what the government and the world are protecting from our eyes. Then there are the things we show to the world like @ PERSON1 a lot of people think what happened to him is offensive. Not only that, but the racism in general, as well as the news, why people would put violent stuff in the newspapers like stories of murders, kidnappings, robberies and many more. People find it offensive and even scary to a lot of people, but yet we keep it there. So no, I don't think it shouldn't be taken off the shelves and or that all things have been deemed offensive to people. Just like when this sailor died and gay supporters and protesters were near his funeral, chanting (offensive) things. Say thanks to God for the dead soldiers and God hates the army. Nobody stopped it. If we as people aren't going to come together and work with each other on things that should or shouldn't be posted, then what's the point in telling someone else what is offensive to you when you end up doing it. And you will do it without any worry, without thinking about who you are hurting. Everyone has an opinion and wants to have it, but people are different and some will always see it differently than what you see. So if you see something offensive in a book or a movie or outside. Don't watch it, don't read it, don't try to hear about it from a friend or a stranger, just leave it alone. We put so much effort into hearing about these offensive things when all you had to do was leave it alone. And then you wouldn't even have known it. Live life and don't worry about the negative, let's focus on the positive of what you see.
" May I read this ?" » @ CAPS1 a world tour asked this question or was asked this question. @ CAPS1 is allowed to read whatever he wants, but are children allowed to read it ? There are books that children or young adults should read and should not read. This @ MONTH1 varies because it depends on the age and how the reader will understand the contents of the books. There are Curses, Charcoal, and @ CAPS4 in books that children shouldn't read. In high school there are books like '@ CAPS2 and @ CAPS3' that contain curses. For high school students @ NUM1 or higher, it will be good to read. High school students understand and have heard these words more than once before. If a teacher gives this book to a student at @ NUM2, they will not understand the full potential it holds for their learning. Children in this age group will not understand that the man is disabled, so children will not understand the murder that the disabled man committed or why his friend killed him after that. Will a parent let a @ NUM3 year old read a smutty novel ? It depends on how the parent was raised and how the feeling that this will affect the development of the child. A book @ PERSON1 would not be appropriate for a child of this age because the child does not and will not understand the book itself. The book is more than part of the coal. There is a Gothic and Romanesque way of writing about @ PERSON1's books. A @ NUM3 year old child would not have developed a mature way of thinking about the book. @ CAPS4! '@ CAPS4 is not the answer.' Everyone has heard this saying. This word is said but not followed. Young adults play video games, read books at school related to @ CAPS4. '@ ORGANIZATION1's don't @ CAPS5' is a book for teenagers of color going to a white school. It is a book that allows children to see how things were. A child in school would find it funny if a cartoon is played for them and someone gets hit. Children will be if it is a game and do not have enough experience or maturity to understand what is really going on and that it is wrong to do this. To just watch a TV show with a punch or a punch, the child will think it is okay to do so. All in all, there will be @ CAPS4, curse and smut novels. It depends on the parents and the maturity level of the person / child. There is a wrong and a right way to do it, but for @ CAPS1 it is not fair to let a miner read a curse, veils or smut.
Almost everyone has a movie they would like to see or a book they would like to read. What if they go to the library and check the catalog, only to find that it has been deleted from the system due to foul language or soft themes ? I think people should be able to choose what content they choose to read and let their kids read. Some parents don't allow a lot of offensive material at all while others don't care. In addition, adult books and films are different from children's books and films. It wouldn't be fair to pull off the shelves of shocking books, music, or magazines because different people like different content. Today we live in a world of violence and it is going to be difficult to express violence and offensive material. For some people, they want to avoid it at all costs, while others don't care or like it. First of all, different people view the same content differently, and titles deleted @ MONTH1 are not judged fairly. People who want to see the latest movies that have just been released are usually going to see some type of violence. With more advanced computers and technology, there can be more special effects and more easily displace violence in movies. In the books, they @ MONTH1 have old language that doesn't live up to today's standards. For example, in @ NUM1 and @ NUM2, when the word " gay " meant happy. It's a whole different word now and there are a lot of old books and songs. Some people @ MONTH1 find this offensive and others @ MONTH1 don't. Adult content is very different from children's content. Adults have movies and music based on real life situations and stories, while most children's content is alphabet based and singing. There are also more adult children's films like '@ CAPS1' from @ ORGANIZATION1 '. @ CAPS2 is based at @ LOCATION1 with @ CAPS1 training to become a hero. During his fights, he kills the creatures he fights. So if libraries started censoring content then a classic @ ORGANIZATION1 movie would be considered violent. Adult movies are worse in every way. They involve name calling, murder, shootings and sexual content. I won't go into more detail on adult films. As an adult, we should have the choice of what we are going to watch and judge what we are going to let our children watch. Different people like different content and it is only fair that they decide what to watch and consider violent. For example, a person might grow up around a farm and be used to seeing animals killed, while a person who grew up in a neighborhood has never seen an animal killed. When they both see the movie or read a book with a killed animal, it will hardly have an effect on that of the farm compared to the likely painful effect on that of a neighborhood. Think of a shooting scene in a movie or a death in a book. A soldier who is in the military will take killings and see deaths much more easily than a @ CAPS4 from a company. As stated earlier, different people prefer different types of content. Overall, I don't think there should be any censorship on library content. It should be up to parents to decide what to let their children watch or read. Adults can also be the judge of what they let themselves be seen. Finally, again, different people like different content and it's not fair for one to choose what the other can and can't watch.
Censorship in libraries should not be allowed. I believe that even if the books, music, movies or magazines on the shelves are an offense, they should still be left there. They are part of our history and part of the history we create. If someone wants to read a certain book or magazine, chances are they will end up reading it. There are so many ways to do this with the technology we have today. You can simply search for them online and read or listen to them on the computer. In addition, censorship in libraries, where everyone feels safe and comfortable, can cause people to rebel and even bankrupt the library. From what I have observed, most people are already looking for inappropriate or offensive things on the internet. Especially if they know it's something that could be debated about being censored. Lots of books and movies, even great ones, have offensive content but they are classics. Generation after generation has benefited from it. Now tell me, who would want to be the unreasonable person and take that away from anyone interested ? Everyone should be entitled to these books, magazines, films and music. Libraries should not censor them.
Libraries are full of all kinds of books, films and magazines. These @ MONTH1 books, movies, and magazines seem offensive to some people. Parents may not want their children to see certain books or movies. Does that mean we should take the shocking books off the shelves ? If everyone decided to remove a book or movie that they deemed inappropriate, there would be nothing left in the library. The books contain adventures and life lessons that children and adults alike need. Young children need books to help their imaginations grow. If there were no more books in the library, children would not be able to learn or grow. Movies are like books, but for young children it is easier to view a movie than a book. If the book or movie offends you, choose a different one, but it should not be taken off the shelf. A @ MONTH1 book or movie may sound offensive to you, but @ MONTH1 not to someone else. A world without books. No imagination. No adventures. It would be a boring world. I would rather have a few offensive books than none at all. This way I can learn and see the character's adventures through my own eyes.
Would you like to remove a book from a shelf just because it offends you ? If you said yes, how is that different from a white boy saying I can't learn with that black girl in class with me? Or if two people of different religions tell you that they offend me because we don't believe in the same god. Just because someone is offended by a book or work doesn't mean they should be taken off the shelf. In fact, if they don't like it, they don't have to read it or even watch it. It's a freedom we have in America is to read whatever we like. For someone, to take something off a shelf open to the public is to take away their freedom. In conclusion, it is not acceptable for anything to be taken off a public shelf, no matter who is in violation. It is a right that we have as Americans to read or write whatever we like, and to remove offensive measures would be to deprive us of our freedom.
I don't think censorship has an insignificant place in our libraries. I know libraries were created to be information! poles for the public. If censorship was put in place then many books would disappear as they @ MONTH1 would be considered offensive to a minority of people ........................ .......... ........................................ .......................... ........................ .......................................... ........ .................................................. ........ .......................................... ........................ .......................... ........................................ .......... .................................................. ...... ............................................ ...................... ............................ ...................................... ............ .................................................. .... .............................................. .................... .............................. .................................... .............. .................................................. ... ...............
I think libraries should censor certain documents. Some things like music and magazines contain foul language and racy pictures. Some parents might not want their children to be exposed to it. Some parents may not know what their child is watching in the library and want them to be safer. The easiest way to stop kids from listening to inappropriate music or looking at shocking books is to remove them from the shelves. Some children go to the library without adult supervision and have the freedom to consult any book they want. The child could easily choose an inappropriate book and read it because there is no parent to guide him. There is no one to tell them what is wrong and what is right, so some children might not know. That is why some books and music should be deleted. If you don't remove inappropriate books and music from the shelves, you will need to have an attendant. The attendant should walk around and check what each child is doing. It would be a lot of work and the librarians are already quite busy. Nobody really wants to do this, so the easiest solution is to just remove the books and music from the shelves. Another option if you want to keep music and books on the shelves is to have an age limit on the books and music to view them. If this was done it would still lead to problems like kids reading the books in the library but never checking them out. It's an easy way to get around the system. A child could easily have an older friend check the book for them, so they can read it later. This is another example of how easily it would be to bypass this system. Therefore, the easiest way to avoid problems with books and music is to remove them from the shelves. If this were done, it would be more difficult for children to obtain the wrong books and music. If someone needed to consult an inappropriate book for some reason, they could go elsewhere. It's the best and most effective way to protect and keep everyone safe.
Censorship? Have you ever looked for a book and couldn't find it? Have you ever been to a library and the magazine you were looking for was behind everything else on the top shelf ? Well, if you did, you got censored. Censorship is where things are protected from the light of day. Books and magazines in libraries are a specific place of censorship. Today, most people worry about offensive things on and in books or magazines. A big question I ask is why? Well I can tell you why. Most people today are too afraid of what other people think. Everything and everyone must be perfect. I totally disagree with that because if someone is writing a book, they shouldn't be afraid to put something in it because of what other people must think of it. If they don't like it, then don't read it. I don't think we should shelter things from libraries because sometimes that can make some people understand. If there's an item on a shelf and it has an appealing picture, you're going to stop and read it. If he has a good message for you, you'll think about it. Then, once you've thought about it, you'll make up your own mind about what this article says. If you have a positive opinion, you can go get this magazine and read it. If you have a negative opinion on what he said, you won't even watch the next time you pass by. If you think something is too bad for other people to see, so be it. It is your opinion and you have the right to it. I won't hate you for your opinion and I won't look at you any differently. The only thing I hope is that I have made it clear to you my point of view.
I don't believe there should be censorship in our libraries. By censoring our libraries, they are censoring us. It's supposed to be a democracy, not a dictatorship. A good example of censorship that has recently taken place is rewriting all of @ PERSON1's books just because they use the 'n word' and some people find it offensive. The thing is, that's how they spoke back then, that's how it was. People can't just rewrite books because they don't like the story behind them. They can change whatever they want, but in the end it happened anyway. We recite the story so as not to make the same mistakes again, and this is a good example. Music should not be censored. Music is a form of expression, and by censoring music, you are censoring the artist. They say the things they do for a reason and they work hard to create the things they do. We are supposed to have freedom of speech, so why do we take away those freedoms just because a privileged few find it inappropriate. We don't make anyone listen to what they don't want. Each generation has its own style and its own music, has its own problems and ways of dealing with them; our generation is music, so let's speak out. Movies are censored due to language and content which I get, but actually removing them from our libraries shouldn't happen. If the audience is mature enough to handle it, they should be able to watch it. We don't need to remove swear words or remove inappropriate scenes for kids to watch. If they're really that bad, they don't need to watch them until they're mature enough to handle them. Magazines should be censored in the same way as movies, depending on maturity level and age. I agree that there are films that are inappropriate, but removing articles just because a manager doesn't like what is being said is wrong. We can't just block all the bad things happening in the world and pretend it's all right because the stories aren't being told. People deserve to know what's going on. People deserve to read, watch or listen to whatever they want. By censoring things, they're only going to make us look for them, which makes it sort of a reward for seeing things that other people find so inappropriate that they're willing to do anything to get rid of them. You can't please everyone, so let us make our own decisions. Censoring our libraries is like censoring ourselves. We have our constitution, we know our rights, now why do people think today that they can change them? They can't keep us silent by hiding things. We're still going to find them, they're just going to make it like a tag game ; so let the game begin
In the words of author, Katherine Paterson, “ We can all think of a book that we hope none of our children or other children have pulled off the shelves. But if I have the right to take this book off the screen --- this job that I hate --- then you have exactly the same right and everyone else too. And then we don't have any books on the shelf for any of us. @ CAPS1 are countless books around the world that will somehow offend someone. If everyone expects their feelings to be taken care of by everyone, they are wrong. Everyone has the right to discover other people's thoughts as long as they keep in mind that they @ MONTH1 are not always happy with the outcome. Some books bearing harsh opinions or unsanctioned material can be found on every shelf. Over the course of my many years of study, I have come to find books that contain vulgar pictures and language. @ PERSON1's play '@ CAPS2' describes him very roughly. Our class was very surprised by the language and the sexual innuendoes involved. @ CAPS2 has been described as a "black ram" by his nemesis. Comments like these in books can mold a young mind into thinking name-calling is appropriate. Unfortunately, this is how children have to learn about the nature of chosen authors and the world outside the classroom. @ PERSON1 also discusses a "trumpet" in "@ CAPS2". Once a mind is aware of these adult issues, it will see the world completely differently. Life must be hard for children because their books and magazines feature pictures of daring girls and advertisements for products. Magazines are a threshold of adult business. Once a teenager or child sees all the vibrant commercials and beautiful models selling products, they start to lose their sense of reality and childhood. Photoshopped images of tall, tanned and slender models make a girl's head reflect on this lifestyle. They're starting to wear shorter skirts, diet, and tan because of an ad they saw in their magazine. Who wouldn't want to be like a model? When every actress, singer, and model begins to look like goddesses, men imagine the perfect girl like the ones they see on billboards. After men imagine the ultimate woman as the pictures they see, women will never be able to add to their qualifications. A whole cycle of being underestimated and the obsession with being perfect makes the media more powerful. In conclusion, the world has become engrossed in the unrealistic fantasies that daring books and magazines provide. Rude comments are found in the classics and have a powerful influence on the mind. Advertisements in magazines cause a feeling of worthlessness in women and a feeling of dissatisfaction in men. Are you going to control your life or let the media?
Children today have a lot of book options that they can or cannot read in the school library. Things they cannot read are censored. School systems have good reason to censor certain books, and I agree with the cooperation. The facts as to why books are censored on a school campus are racist slurs, profanity and inappropriate situations. How many schools have books that contain racism. Racism comes up all the time in the books. In fact, one in fifty books contains racism. The big book is '@ PERSON1' ending with @ PERSON2. It was recently banned from schools all over @ LOCATION1. All over the world people are trying to teach their children what to say and what not to say. Children catch bad language in the books they read. Even though some of those books were still lying on school shelves. It's up to the children not to read them. This is why schools only order a few illustrated sports magazines in inconvenient situations. School librarians don't want children to watch nudity or violent scenes in books. Are you saying blame them? I believe schools and parents are doing the right things. It is up to children to make the decision to listen or not to listen to their parents. I think censorship is a good thing for the youngsters at @ CAPS1.
People have the right to decide what the weather is like or not. Children's books are censored. Some parents don't want their child to read books like this until he grows older. Primary school children do not know that the book they receive contains profanity. I think in all elementary and middle schools there shouldn't be any censored books. Yes, some parents don't care what their child is reading. Think about those who do. Not everyone has the courage to say something at school. If you ask me, I wouldn't but books with censorship in my child's school. Then again, high school students are old enough to take a look at the books and decide whether they want to get that book or not. Yes, some parents still care about their child when they enter high school, but high school students are old enough to make their own decisions. Some students @ MONTH1 don't realize which book they grabbed until they start reading, but that's when they turn and swap it. I think high school kids are smart enough to pick their own books. That's why I think books and magazines etc. with censorship should be removed from primary schools and colleges and not high schools. If you agree, there is something YOU can do. Talk to your child's school
Stay on the shelf ? Certain documents such as books, music, magazines and more can often contain offensive information that many would like to censor. The people who write the articles don't do them so that they are just plain offensive, the way people take the information is the main factor. People choose whether or not to believe certain things for themselves, and with those come their personal opinions. Books and magazines should not be taken off the shelves if they are found to be offensive, this could create more problems with the public and those who disagree with what has been removed, who do not view them as offensive. What is offensive to one person, @ MONTH1 must not be offensive to the next. Items withdrawn due to an individual complaint should not even be considered. Whether it was a book, magazine, or music, the author had a purpose for it and it was not meant to hurt someone's feelings. For example, a book on slavery might be offensive to a white man, but a black man would consider it his story. People can find a lot of things offensive just by reading the titles or listening to a single lyric in a song, but that doesn't mean they have to read the book or keep listening to the song. Someone else is enjoying the book and the song might be what another person looks forward to every day. These magazines and books could also be considered informative. The material in a certian @ MONTH1 magazine is not acceptable to some, but a lot of new information can come from it. If everything that was offensive was taken off the shelves, there would likely be nothing left. Removing them could cause problems for someone trying to find out more about an illness, while another person who has it does not want their story told. Some offensive material can only offend a limited number of people, and it is likely that what does not offend them will offend the next person. Information articles and books should not be taken off library shelves, as they are only there to provide a source of knowledge. Censorship in libraries would also take away from those who are just interested. A lot of people like to read and rent movies just for fun, but there's a good chance that if the book or movie doesn't sound interesting, it won't make any profit. What is considered offensive to one person may be in the best interests of another. In my experience, teens are interested in a lot of action and romantic movies and books. They often contain a lot of physical and sexual content with a decent amount of bad language. An older person would not be interested in foul language and content, they would consider them offensive to the girl or boy in the story and wonder why it is even read. Most would even say that books and movies can be demeaning to some, but that's what interests teens and makes them want to read more because they can't wait to see what happens next. Removing stuff like these would keep teens away from reading and watching a lot of movies because nothing would spark their interest. Scenes and facts contained in material that might be offensive to a person are generally not intended to be. People don't have to read and watch what offends them. Everyone is different and what offends my neighbor @ MONTH1 doesn't offend me. Chances are there is always something going to offend at least one person. The more we all get used to it, the fewer people will actually come across things that offend them. They @ MOIS1 are still offended from within but it won't matter as they will have realized that not everyone is offended by the same
Should materials such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc. be removed from shelves if they are found to be offensive ? Censorship can be very important depending on who you ask or where you go, some find it necessary so that children don't fit into these things found in libraries or some @ MONTHS1 don't think it is that important. Books are an important part of people's lives, of learning, etc. Personally, I don't think censorship is needed to keep certain things out of libraries, but some things shouldn't be available for anyone to come in and pick up from a library shelf, maybe documents. inappropriate for children or people @ MONTHS1 finding offensive should be kept away in another secluded section of a bookcase and clearly labeled with the purpose of that room so people are clearly aware of and are not at serious risk of come across these documents. Another reason why @ MONTH1 censorship is not necessary is that things that anyone might find in the library that @ MONTH1 is offensive or inappropriate can be found just as easily if not more easily on @ CAPS1 or on the Internet. by anyone at any time of the day. @ CAPS1 has some censorship but not enough to suppress the effect that the show, movie or website @ CAPS1 might have on the minds of young people and children today, such as violence, drugs , language and racism that can be found in almost everything today. Children and young people today should be made aware of what is wrong, even if they think it is stupid or out of control as they grow up, they will hopefully see why they learned these things. things and why they should always try to stay away from things that are seen in movies, magazines, books and especially on @ CAPS1 and don't get involved in these activities. I still believe that censorship is unnecessary even though I know all the inappropriate and harmful things in today's culture. Although I know how harmful it can be if they see the effect it might have on their future and what it has done to other people who have seen things in movies, books or even them. heard in music if they could see and hear people who were affected by those things they would know to stay away from bad things and follow what is right. In conclusion, censorship is not necessary, it could be in the future, but if everyone is led to what is right they will hopefully make the right decision and stay away. books, movies, music, magazines and other harmful things.
Are you @ CAPS1 Are you @ CAPS2? Censorship is a delicate subject in our society today. People ask : " @ CAPS3 should it be censored well ? " Or even" Do @ CAPS9 should be censored ? " The opinion of @ CAPS4 is that censorship should be left to parents of children who read, listen or watch documents. Television networks and reading companies, including publishers and libraries, cannot substitute for a parent. I believe if a parent is not responsible enough to take care of @ CAPS1 that the child is reading, the distributors of the material cannot be punished. In the @ CAPS4 experience, @ CAPS4's mother participated in my censorship of offensive content from an early age. She is still interested in @ CAPS1 which I read. Every now and then she will glance at a book or reading material to find it appropriate for me at @ CAPS2. Mom @ CAPS4 also censored @ CAPS4 music by browsing @ CAPS4 music player and every now and then playing a song or two. @ CAPS9 discourages me from listening to anything that @ CAPS4's mom wouldn't approve of. I also experienced the censorship in the local library @ CAPS4. The library is divided into sections, starting with children's books. These books are suitable for young minds and do not have offensive material. The @ CAPS9 section leads to young adults and then eventually to adult books. Music is also divided in the same way into these categories. I think @ CAPS9 is acceptable as there are certain materials and music that a young child shouldn't be exposed to. Reading the book '@ CAPS5 @ CAPS6' by @ PERSON1, I observed that parents need to get involved in @ CAPS1 that their children read, listen and watch. In the book @ CAPS9, @ PERSON2's parents simply left him alone while he was in his room. They let him listen to his own music and watch @ CAPS1 he wanted. @ CAPS9 got him to listen to a metal band @ CAPS7 called "@ CAPS7 @ CAPS8". The group @ CAPS9 instigated him to commit a homicide at his school, killing ten students. @ CAPS9 is the worst case in which censorship has not been practiced at all. Violence can have a big impact on young children; therefore, they should not be exposed to them until they are mature. Thanks to the reading of @ CAPS4, I took the position that the government does not have the right to impose censorship on the whole population. The novel '@ CAPS10 @ NUM1' is an example of censorship taken to the extreme. Reading is prohibited in their society except for comics and sex magazines. @ CAPS9 shows that without the right to @ CAPS2, society is reduced to very simple creatures without education. Censoring the reading of an entire people is not practical. The opinion of @ CAPS4 is that once a person is an adult, they have the common sense and maturity for @ CAPS2 regardless of their choice. It's hard to take a stand on censorship because there are so many positives and negatives to consider. @ CAPS4's position on the vital topic of @ CAPS9 is that parents should be the ones who censor their children's reading, not the government or reading societies. Once a person is an adult, their right is to choose what they want for @ CAPS2. Reading is a magical thing that should not be denied to adults who are ready to experience it fully. As long as the company maintains a balance between the result of '@ CAPS5 @ CAPS6' in which censorship was not practiced, and '@ CAPS10 @ NUM1' in which it was applied to the maximum, I think we achieved an appropriate balance. Censorship is healthy for children, but restrictive for adults.
A lot of people think that libraries should be censored in some way or another to keep certain types of books away from people. How does this really help? Even if you delete certain books or music from a library, that doesn't mean people still won't get the same information from elsewhere. Besides a lot of things that people should be censored, it's probably not that bad. I think it is better for someone to read something that happens to them and then experience it. As Katherine Paterson said, if we let people get rid of the music books that they think are bad for people to read or listen to, we'll be left with that. Nothing! Across the board people think library censorship is for the greater good, it just has too many bad sides to have a good effect. When people try to censor things, they normally take them off the shelves and throw them away. But, in today's tech world, that doesn't stop people from achieving their goal. We have the Internet which allows people to download books and music to share. So yes, many of you cannot get a book from the library but you can almost always find it online. As a result, trying to censor libraries by removing books and music is really doing nonsense. How do you determine what should be censored? People all have different ideas of what is good for the public and what is not. A deleted book could insult a group of people because it relates in some way to them. Then you lose business and drive people crazy at the same time. In a way, isn't it better for people to learn bad things like crime and death in ways that aren't real and don't hurt. When things like that happen in a book, they don't normally end there. They show the results or how the situation was handled. Which could come to the aid of people who would find themselves in the same kind of situation later in their life. Which makes it very difficult to determine what should and shouldn't be censored. Katherrine Paterson has even said that if we let people censor what they think is wrong there will be nothing left. Everything will be gone, because every person in the world would find something and every book they could find bad. Even though there is a book that people agree should be censored, there are people who think otherwise. No books would be left if we censored libraries because people might find bad or immoral things in every book. Overall, library censorship ends up being more painful than it is worth. It does not prevent people from getting the information in any other way. There is no way to decide what should be censored. And, censoring things will cause people to want other things censored, which leaves nothing. In conclusion, censorship doesn't really stop people and ends up causing bigger problems.
Dear Journal Staff, @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 is @ PERSON1 I @ CAPS3 to @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5 @ CAPS6 I am in class @ NUM1. The reason for this letter is that I believe certain documents, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc. should be removed from the shelves if they are offensive. The reason I think it should be done is because kids know spirits are everywhere from pron to games to bad music etc. In @ CAPS7, books, magazines, movies contain things that shouldn't be there. When kids have a hard time with it, they act like they've never seen anything like it. When they access the computer, they go to websites that they know they are not supposed to be on. If we didn't have these things, we wouldn't have to worry about loud music, viruses on the computer, and books ripening. But know that someday there is so much that people can do to get it all. If someone has just removed all of the things deemed offensive from the shelves. It would be so wonderful for everyone. If they leave all the material there, it will be more and more problems. When they take it off everything will be in the shape of a grid
What is the scope of reading that should be read by the public? There are so many different types of reading and music that many people enjoy as a hobby. Books have been around for centuries and can create a whole new world for readers. The latest gossip can be found in many magazines. It is sometimes said that music helps people cope with the problems in life. Movies can open people's imaginations and make them feel emotions for an irrelevant topic. All of these things make up people's lives. Without any of these pleasures, what would people do in their spare time? Books, magazines, music and movies should not be removed from the shelves. These are huge factors that make up society and make life what it is. Books and magazines are two fun things that people love to read. Fiction or non-fiction? It doesn't matter if the books are real or fake, they create stories that people care about. Reading is a hobby that has existed since the dawn of time. There are many different reading selections, for example, adventure, mystery, comedy or love stories. People will always read no matter what. Most of the books read are the sad and sometimes horrible ones, but it's the stories that attract people. Magazines are often picked up when they go through the checkout of a grocery store. People love to read gossip and learn about the latest trends. Magazines offer people a kind of personal pleasure. When reading a juicy headline, most people can't help but pick up the magazine and learn what's going on in someone else's life. Music is used for so many different things. It is often listened to while driving on the road. Many people fall asleep to the sound of soothing instruments that make a beautiful melody. The lyrics of the songs relate to ordinary people and can sometimes help a person with a difficult challenge. There is something about the different rhythms of the songs that can change people's moods. Most evenings of @ DATE1, we always see that the cinemas are very busy. Movies bring out the imagination and the stories that people can watch and follow. When you watch a movie with a sad ending, most people cry. While not always real, it affects people on an emotional level. Movies can bring things to life. Life is what it is contributing factors. All people think differently and like things that are not like them. Books, magazines, music, and movies are all tied to people's likes and dislikes. Taking things off the shelves because they're offensive or don't always make people feel good won't make our world a better place. If anything, it will take away the happiness in the world. These things make people feel different in ways that cannot be described. More often than not, things that are offensive are the truth. Why hide things that are real? What would writers, musicians, and actors do if they couldn't do something just because it might offend a few out of the millions? All of these are heartwarming things for some people. Books, magazines, music and movies make the world and everyday life what it is. These are simple things in life, but once they are gone, a huge void is missing. Things are fun and creative because of the books, magazines, music, and movies. In my own experience, books interest me in topics, magazines fill my urge to read about celebrities, music makes me happy when I'm sad, and movies make me feel like I can feel the same. emotions as the characters. They shouldn't be taken off the shelves just because they're offensive, they're a part of life.
In this essay, I will be writing about books on libraries. Also if they are books that may be offensive and may or may not be removed by libraries. I believe that libraries have the right to have on the shelves any material such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc. Well in my opinion I think they shouldn't delete any books because people @ MONTH1 think it may be offensive, but other people @ MONTH1 are in those books. So no, I don't think they should delete any because some people have different opinions on different books. When I go to libraries, these are books that I can read with pleasure or that I don't like, but that is only my opinion. Some people might like the book that I didn't like or hate, but I think the books shouldn't be taken off the shelves because some people might like it and some might not. I think they shouldn't take the books out because the books are for people who are interested in books they want to read or learn about the past or just fiction books. I just talked about the essay I just wrote I talked about books on libraries, and how some books can be offensive to other people who are trying to choose books, and also whether they should or no remove books from shelves
Books are an extremely important part of literature. Many different people have different opinions about different types of books. Some people like books and some don't. Some people are quick readers and some are not. Reading is an individual task. Your reading skills, interests and preferences are different from those of others. The main idea here is preferences. You @ MONTH1 like a certain genre or topic that someone else @ MONTH1 finds offensive. But just because someone else isn't enjoying it, does that mean you shouldn't be able to enjoy it yourself? Just because it's in the library doesn't mean you need to check it. Just because it's the new version in the bookstore and everyone loves it, doesn't mean YOU have to buy it. Other people may avoid topics they don't like. For example, if the local library removed all books that had anything to do with drugs and alcohol because it found them offensive, the fact that it removed them might offend others who liked them. Also, some things might be offensive to some people and might be research essential for others. Second, some @ MONTH1 people don't have the available resources they need. If it's music, movies, or magazines it should be treated the same. People have a choice of what they want to buy and what to rent. If a certain artist or actor is offensive to them, they should find something else and leave this @ CAPS1 or this movie for someone else to enjoy. They shouldn't be complaining. How would they feel if someone found their favorite band's music offensive and no one could rent it from the library or buy it anywhere? Then people would understand that everyone is different in their own way and not everyone will appreciate what they do. I think knowing that everyone is different and special in their own way should show that everyone is going to appreciate different things on different levels. Every book, movie, @ CAPS1, magazine and anything else should be left for people to appreciate and hope you can find something you like too.
People of the @ MONTH1 world always find something they think is offensive that other people don't. In this case, I think if it's in a public library, they have to watch what they put on the shelves. If a small child catches a playboy from the youth section, the library is likely to be sued. Libraries are meant to be a place where people can get a book to read or find information about their schoolwork. Anatomy books are an exception, but if this library has a book like Sex For Dummies, then something must be @ CAPS1 at this facility. Movies too, if someone wants that kind of material, they have to go somewhere else to find it. The exposure of these kinds of clips and images could be detrimental to the children of the future @ LOCATION1. If our world is falling apart as we know it because children cannot find the correct information they need, it shows that we deserve it. The kind of movies we watch, the advertising we pay attention to, the music we listen to the most, and a lot of other things make people who they really are. Nowadays, people read magazines which may be completely harmless, but which come with an advertisement. which says @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 or All @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5, we find them in many magazines like @ CAPS6 @ CAPS7 and sometimes @ CAPS8. These announcements. are totally unjustified. If people were more interested in this, we wouldn't have to fight it so much. These things that people find offensive are harsh and cruel things to show our young readers, writers and musicians. This stuff makes kids do the kinds of things that Americans and non-Americans find so offensive. Libraries should therefore be aware of what you are putting on your shelves and the consequences.
Censorship is a difficult subject to discuss. Everyone has different views on what is and is not acceptable in libraries, due to the content of certain books, music, movies and magazines. When you start to censor the information available to certain people, they get angry and that can cause an uproar of protest. However, there should be an age limit on some materials. So how do you know what is acceptable for young children and adolescents ? For movies, music, and magazines, there are already limits on how old you must be to buy or rent them. With movies, the rule in libraries should be the same as everywhere else. It should be that you have to be seventeen to get anything rated @ CAPS1. I don't know what the age is for watching unrated movies, but for libraries it should be the same as everything else. Everything else should be open to all ages. Music is also a controversial material to be censored. If an @ CAPS2 has an explicit label on it, you should be eighteen to verify it. The reason is that some music may contain violent lyrics, and unless you are eighteen you shouldn't listen to it. When you hear music that offends you, you have to be smart enough not to listen to it. Anything an artist wants to say on a @ CAPS2 can be recorded, and children shouldn't be exposed to that until they're responsible enough to know what they should, and sometimes shouldn't be listening. . Printed documents are the most difficult to censor. Personally, I don't think a book should be hidden from anyone. The only type of book that should be kept from some people is the magazine. Again, magazines may contain graphic content and should only be used by people under the age of eighteen. There are just some things that kids shouldn't see, but if you're a legal adult and want to read any kind of book, it should be available to you. With any of these documents, everything should be at your disposal in a library. It's a place to learn what a writer, filmmaker, musical artist, or magazine editor thinks about the world. If we censor material in a library, it deprives the public of the real world. In addition, we would revoke our right to freedom of expression. I don't laugh at books because I know that everything someone writes, in their eyes, is the truth. It's self-expression, and to prevent someone's work from being accessible to the world, you take away the right to free speech.
Magazines and Books I am writing an essay on how we should remove books, magazines, or movies from the shelves if they contain foul language or play a violent role in it. The first thing we should find out is how many people like books, movies, or music like this. @ CAPS3 me personally, I love books that contain violence and graphic language @ CAPS3 which makes the book so much more interesting. And when it comes to music, their parents have to be very careful that they let their children listen. And @ CAPS1 boadcasters have to watch what they are broadcasting @ CAPS3 some of which can be quite bad for a child to watch. The second thing is, do the kids read these kinds of books. I don't think it would be acceptable for a child under the age of fourteen to read about violence or hear graphic words. But that's not my place to poll these kids' moms and dads and see what they think. @ CAPS3 it's up to them if they want their child to listen or read material like this. And it's also up to the children's parents what kind of music they listen to. @ CAPS3 there are more words in @ DATE1 than there have ever been in the history of music, and so are books and magazines. Magazines can be quite graphic sometimes when it comes to picures.me myself, I don't really watch @ CAPS3 magazines, they don't really interest me, I prefer to sit and watch what's going on goes to @ CAPS1. Then the third and final argument is how could we make our American libraries more censored for children. I think libraries should have different rooms with different types of books. @ CAPS3 if you just have a library where anyone can go and get any book they want, kids will go straight to fun books or books that are not suitable for kids to read. They should make sure that you have to be a certain age to read a book that has foul language or has graphic images or is just not suitable for children. This is why I believe that books should be in good hands and not in the hands of children. Kids don't need to know a bad language at their age @ CAPS3, it's a bad habit for a kid to learn, then they will go to school saying it. And reading books about beating someone or killing someone might make a little kid's head understand that it's okay. And it doesn't agree with me
Name calling, violence, gang activity, murder, etc. All of these factors are present in our books and in the music we have today. Do you think these articles should be praised ? If books or music contain these kinds of messages, it will influence the choices children and adults make about what to do for a living. I think so, books and music should come first. My number one reason why books and music should be featured is the fact that children and adults derive enormous influence from information. Look in the world today; murders occur, gang violence and even abuse. If a book or song advertises someone's murder or drug dealing, nine out of ten times people think it's the ' cool ' thing to do, so why not do it. With people following books and songs uncensored, it leaves dead, inmates, and bad choices. Most people want to follow what an artist or author is doing because they are famous, which causes peer pressure. The second reason why books and music should be censored is for simple respect. Some books or music afflict people because of their race, religion or appearance. You find most music reviews more than books, but it does happen. Young children and adolescents should not listen or read about racism, sex, drugs, etc. Books and music that advertise this stuff are disrespectful to parents and what they teach their children. The message of the book or song is basically to go against your parents and do it. A person should be able to sit down and listen to a beautiful song or a book without being disrespectful and offended. My final reason for criticizing books and music is the reputation they will or have. Books and music are like people, they can send the wrong message and leave a bad name for others. For example, @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 and @ CAPS3 tend to have a lot of bad songs with messages, so most people think that all @ CAPS3 and @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 are bad. If songs and books were centered, there wouldn't be a stereo type versus a certain type of music, or the books had the best message. A normal person bases the first song or book they hear / read whether or not they or their child can listen or read this type of material. Love, positive messages, positive influence, these are the kinds of things most people want to hear or read. If books and music are sanctioned, there will be no more swearing on the radio, bad ideas given to those who are influenced, and could stop less violence. Again, I state, yes, I think books and music should be put forward.
I don't think they should be deleted at all. They show a person's opinion on something. We can't just ignore it because we don't like what it says. It's like we say black people are not allowed here because we don't like your appearance. Or just anyone we don't like how they look. I think anyone who wants to express themselves should be able to do so without having to worry about censorship. I @ MONTH1 disagree with every statement they make, but they should be given a fair chance like anyone else. You should restrict the age based on content so that little kids don't read things that they really shouldn't be. I could have a book removed because it offends me. Well, I could shut down a franchise because it offends me. People are offended by little things and should rely on the fact that other people have different opinions. It's like judging a person for their race. They have different morals and values and you can't just change that in a person. Like if you don't like this article, don't read it. Don't say that other people can't read it because of your opinions. I don't think there should be any censorship.
There are many opinions about censorship in libraries. Some people think that if the books are offensive in any way they should be removed, while others think these books should stay because there are different opinions on what is classified as "offensive". I believe books should stay on the shelves due to everyone seeing things differently and their free will which allows people to take these books. No one is forcing them to read them. I believe that when books, music, movies and magazines publish offensive material, it is only a matter of opinion. I feel like people have different views on what they find appropriate. For example, a magazine article with information about bad deeds from political offices or a cartoon of a certain candidate. Some politicians might find this article offensive and view it as a reproach, while others see it simply as an opinion on the matter. Another example would be a book on religious purposes. For example, a book on a religion @ CAPS1. Some @ CAPS2 might consider it offensive if the news portrays them as a definite stereotype, but others @ MONTH1 see it as educational learning. I also have the impression that it goes a little with the idea of free will. No one can force a person not to read a certain book or listen to a certain song. It is free will that allows us to read, listen and watch whatever pleases us. I feel like if someone were to go and demand that we remove a book from a shelf, it takes away the free will of a person who @ MOIS1 will come and rent the book that day. It is up to an individual to decide what to read and what to think about the issue. I also think these types of media should stay on the shelves because of learning and educational purposes. I believe that while some of these books or movies may have a few offensive lines or phrases, it doesn't mean that everything is offensive. I think the library is a place where people can go to get information. Some of the items found @ MONTH1 are offensive to a certain person, but that doesn't negate the rest of the book or mark it as " false ." I think we have to decide what we think is right in the books and ignore what we think is offensive, otherwise many informational books would not be available today. The library is a place where our free will comes into play. I believe that the offensiveness of books, music, films and magazines is based on personal opinions and that they should never be taken out of libraries. These books all contain information that can be read in different ways and it is up to the public to decide for themselves what is offensive and what is acceptable. I believe that no one should decide for us
Can you think of a book that you hope none of your children or other children have rolled off the shelves ? But if you had the right to take the book away would you? I believe if I found any book, magazine, any kind of music or movie offensive, I wouldn't take it off because everyone has the right to have their own opinion, no matter how offensive it is. So instead of completely removing the materials, why not remake them in a more appropriate way where they are less offensive. First, no one should have the right to remove material that they find offensive. Because if people were allowed to do that, the world wouldn't have music, books, movies, magazines, or anything for entertainment. Also, it would start a big fight because a lot of people don't find some things offensive like others, and when people who find offensive materials start to delete things that others don't find offensive, a big riot will start. . Second, why would you start removing materials if they could be remade more appropriately ? maybe instead of deleting everything, why not find the editor and see if it could do it @ NUM1 or less. The same goes with music, movies and magazines. So, to conclude, everyone is entitled to their own opinion, no matter if it is offensive or not. I think if I came across something that offended me, I wouldn't do anything about it. Because maybe that person who wrote the book or the movie was expressing how they felt, and you can't tell someone how to feel or how to express themselves. So instead of removing materials from the shelves, consider that someone is just expressing how they feel and have the right to have their own opinion, just like you do.
Empty @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 Is it wrong to censor? In the world today there are approximately @ NUM1 billion people. All of these people form different groups with different moral codes, ethics, beliefs and outlook on the world. With that in mind, there is a problem with what is wrong and right. The three topics that will be discussed in this article will be censorship, expression and society. Being censored puts a label on things that says this article is not worth seeing or hearing by anyone. Censorship was done to protect people from raw materials considered improper or cruel. Music is censored for the subject or matter it is about, whether it's sex, drugs, or politics. This applies to films, magazines, newspapers, television or other forms of media. the reasons why something is censored change from place to place. Expressing one's inner thoughts about the world or a general area can be disastrous in the eyes of some. For others, the expression gives the chance to see who could be the next @ CAPS3 vinci, @ PERSON1, or any other great thinker in the world. Censoring these people can and would be horrible. The idea that just because someone has a different outlook doesn't mean he's the evil that's in the world. Certainly their work could be problematic, but their idea should not be rejected by the world. The material they produce needs to be aloud to be seen by anyone of any age. Society has a big problem. Society or the way one should act in public is different all over the world. So what is censored here would not be censored elsewhere. It also means that what is wrong or right is different for everyone on earth. Society will have a great effect on being seen or heard aloud by those who live in society. if the company doesn't agree with the ideas of something, the company will get it banned. If this continues, nothing will be out loud to express her opinion on anything. So @ CAPS2 is the censorship bad ? Censorship is unfair to those with different ideas from others. If someone can censor someone else, then that person who is being censored could in turn censor the person who is censoring them because of that person's views. So yes, it is wrong to censor anything or anyone for their ideas, morals, ethics, rules, laws, beliefs or conduct. Everything has to be aloud to exist and be seen or heard by anyone who wants to address this topic. In conclusion, censorship, expression, and society will always have views, but none of those views should ever be hidden from anything or anyone.
If the contents of a library are considered offensive, @ CAPS1 should still remain on the shelf regardless. Perhaps the media would prove to be inappropriate for many, but some will still select the media for what @ CAPS1 is. Taking a children's cake because @ CAPS1 has too much frosting would make most children (and adults) angry. If a book, album, movie, or magazine is known to contain offensive or inappropriate material, @ CAPS1 should stay organized with the rest of @ CAPS1's genre. , not exiled to the far corner. When viewing such @ CAPS1 media, they should be required to declare that they are comfortable that their media may contain inappropriate and / or offensive content. Personally, I find @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 or in the context of a song, @ ORGANIZATION1 fascinating. Every time I research these poems I have to come to an agreement that I'm comfortable with the violent or hateful content on @ CAPS1. While I agree that @ CAPS1 shouldn't be readily available to anyone looking for something new to read (or listen to) without their consent. I think it would be enough to just ask the customer if they are comfortable with some form of multimedia content. No one wants to settle for less or no frosting, and they shouldn't have to.
Some documents might be considered offensive to some people. There might be language, racial slurs, or anything else that one might find offensive. In my opinion, I think anyone should have the right to read or watch whatever they want. These books or films are distributed for entertainment or learning purposes. Some things have happened, like the @ LOCATION1, that a lot of people would like to forget, but no matter how you take it, it has happened and we cannot change it. It can teach the next generation that it was a bad idea and shouldn't have happened in the first place, so they won't. Language is a big part of the world today and many don't appreciate a swear word. They put them in the movies to emphasize something big because everyone will remember that word. I know it's not necessary all the time and it can be pulled out, but for some movies a certain word can make or break the scene. Some movies have a lot of curses, but that doesn't make it a bad movie. Some of the best movies I've ever seen have too many bad words to count, but the stroy line is phenomenal. What you gain by watching these movies is not the curse, it is the success of the protagonist that makes it enjoyable and worth your time. When it comes to books in libraries, we should create a separate section for such offensive material so that an innocent young child does not wonder about them. Put up signs warning people about the contents of this section and put a special sticker on the book to warn parents as well. In conclusion, offensive materials are not always bad and should not be taken off the shelves, but simply moved to another place. Let people read what they want to read.
When it comes to opinions, everyone has one. It is only in certain situations that people's opinions are really taken seriously. When it comes to a debate on serious situations such as "censorship", there will be an argument for those who agree and for those who do not. Accepting a cause such as “ improper retrieval of a book ” should not be omitted. At the age of children, adolescents and young adults, their minds are very curious. If they are interested in something, they will look for information about it if the adult does not provide the information appropriate to what is requested. Books, magazines, newspapers, novels, etc. are public reading materials intended for all. Hiding it would mean depriving them of their right to be informed. Not all reading materials are harmful to the minds and eyes of young people. The problem is how the parents raised them to embrace the knowledge they see. A maturity level must be high enough so that this child can understand what he is watching. It would be useless for the adult to hide things from him until @ NUM1's age, when he is legally obliged to consume any kind of knowledge. The easiest way would be for the adult and the child to have a discussion session for better understanding. Removing novels and books from libraries publicly or even at school would do nothing more than raise the child's level of curiosity to the maximum. Some might believe that this would persuade the child to go out and experience it firsthand so that they know what it is and later know what to expect. This would be, could and @ MONTH1 be harmful and dangerous depending on the act committed by the child. When the simplistic solution would be to simply allow that child to read and be educated. Therefore, if one in the millions does not like a book because they think it can greatly influence a child to do the wrong thing, then another child who is trying to walk away from it cannot be taught. because someone has a deep horror of it and has decided that it is strangely inappropriate for someone, like a child, to read. Agreeing to remove information from the library is absolutely pointless, and @ MONTH1 will be an inconvenience to someone for whom @ MONTH1 has been determined to search for something. In all fairness, books and novels were created for a reason. This reason is to entertain, inform and educate. By removing all sources, all those who agree to the cause should also accept that they have no remorse for the result of how their child grows up and becomes someone they have not. never wanted them to be.
Libraries have so many books, and books that talk about everything, so what would be the point of taking a book off the shelves. If people want to read something that's too bad, I tell them what's wrong with reading everyone has to read, maybe these are the only books some people like to read. So taking those pounds off doesn't help. I think some of the bad books taken off the shelves are good, there are just bad things in them, any book is a good book. If something is so bad that it has to come off the shelves, there has to be a reason for it, the way I see it is that there is a really good part in this book that just likes to make them. crazy people and you know how funny it is. People get mad at books they don't want kids to read, or they get mad because that idea hasn't come up. If you don't want your kids to read it, tell them not to let older people who don't care have a good time reading it. Most people like to read about messed things up. Music and movies are another story. Bad movies shouldn't be shown for everyone to see movies, it's not the same as books because a kid might get a bad book and not be able to afford bad stuff now. But the movies show you how bad things are. Music can also teach you to do bad things by doing the same thing they did to make it look cool. But I still think you should be able to have whatever you want to choose and if you have kids you are a boss to them you can tell them not to have anything wrong
In all libraries, you have the choice of which book you want to choose. So if you want to read a book without censorship or if you want censorship, you can. Libraries should not take books because of the content, in my opinion this should be the reader's choice and not someone else's. When choosing a book you have to think, do I really want to read it? each book gives you a little description on the back of the book giving you a little inside so you can tell if you want to read the book or not. I think if he suggested some content that you shouldn't let little kids read them, but at the high school level we're pretty much able to make choices on our own. Music shouldn't be censored, because if a song says something you don't want to hear such as profanity or suggestive content, then just turn the station on. You don't have to sit and listen to the song, you can change it with one click or push of a button. The songs that play on the radio are for fun and entertainment, so you have made the choice to go to that station and listen to the music there, you have made the choice and no one can do it your way. square. With movies they have a description on the back that says what is going to be in the movie and what is noted, if you don't want to watch a movie with incorrect language or content you shouldn't have chosen the movie first. place it is clear as daylight on the case what will be inside. On film cases it even gives you pictures of certain scenes and if they look a little suggestive put them back and select a different film. Magazines are meant to tell the truth and sometimes the truth is harsh. Magazines are stored on shelves in stores and the front will tell you exactly what is in the magazine itself. If you are really bothered with certain languages, fire up the magazine and see if it suits you or not. Libraries shouldn't have to get rid of books just because of certain content, a person walking through those doors should be aware of what's in the library and what exactly they'll find. In the libraries they have categories in which certain subjects are found, going towards a selection means that you understand what type of book it will be.
Should or shouldn't libraries have books, music, magazines that are considered offensive? Some people like things different from what you or someone else like you @ MONTH1 thinks some things are offensive, but then again something you don't like someone else likes @ MONTH1 and want to read. Could it be possible that you like something and want to read it, but someone else doesn't like and thinks it offends them, and they would have to take it off a shelf in a public library because of what that person said. I don't think that stuff should be taken off a shelf for something like, because there might be someone at school who needs something like that just isn't fair for a kid to watch, but what if there's a kid in high school or a collage that needs a book to do a project on that stuff, but also yes I think the things that little kids shouldn't watch or listen or read something like they shouldn't be able to grab hold of because parents shouldn't have to worry that they go to the library, and there the kids see something that they don't don't want them to see. There are many ways people working in libraries can prevent children from seeing or hearing what parents do not want from them too. Some ways to do this are to put all the books and music that are like that in a section of the library where you must be of sufficient age to be able to go look or listen to them. Libraries are for everyone, no matter what you look like or what you dress up for. As a person, you have the right to go to a public library and look for something to read, regardless of whether there is profanity or violence in the reading. If you read these kinds of books you should be machur for your age and not have to worry about it. You hear and see everything you read today, so I don't see the difference if a child hears it or sees it because you see it pretty much everywhere you go these days. You really can't get by without facing it
First, libraries are a good source of information. At the same time, a library can have advantages and disadvantages when it comes to its information. Some information should only be seen by adults. Have you ever wondered if a kid gets their hands on an adult book? How can we stop this ? Then you can find information about daily life. Through magazines, movies, music and books, you can discover them. You have explicit music where the artist curses and says inappropriate things. There have been books from my past experiences where an author has just spoken about his sex life. I also have past experience with magazines, such as '@ CAPS1'. All of these should be kept out of libraries or put in a section where children cannot reach them. Third, parents should supervise their children anyway when they go to public places. The library should be divided into different parts. Music is not really necessary in a library. They could throw the music away. Also, at the same time, kids shouldn't get their hands on books, but eventually they should learn these kinds of things in life. The committee should hold a competition in which people of all ages from the community could write an essay that also outlines their opinion. Finally, I have devised a plan to remedy this situation. Personally, I don't think they should shed those pounds because that's how people make a living and some people really like these things. So they should set up an adult section in the library where you need to be @ NUM1 or higher to enter and an ID card to prove it. In addition, you must be a member of this department. This way we don't have to worry about censoring those books etc. Children will not be able to continue in this section. In conclusion, libraries are a good source of information. So, they shouldn't throw away those books, music, magazines, and movies. The library could just create a different section for certain things and for people of a certain age. This way they won't need censorship
I think you have the right to remove Setian books, movies, music, magazines, but only if they are not suitable for certain people and children. Some people like it, some don't, it all depends on who you are. If I go to a library and the books I want are on the shortlist, the library should have a nominal fee. Some were around @ MONEY1 to @ MONEY2 depending on the type of book. For example, if I wanted the movie @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ NUM1 and it was restricted, I would pay something like a redbox rental fee. This is what I think about restricting library crimp elements. - @ PERSON1
People who roam the surface of our planet sometimes feel the need to have something banned or at least dirty on it so that people think less about it. It's just the way our world works when it comes to something you can't stand, but why even bother, what exactly are they going to get out of it ? If someone took the time to do it, we all deserve the right to see it. I don't agree with censorship in our world. Local libraries are a great place to go for books, movies, and information. How can this be such a great resource for people once it's all gone, especially since some of the world's greatest books ever written are the ones that come under censorship. I think Katherine Paterson is right when she says, “So we don't have any books on the shelves for any of us anymore. because it's true. People don't stop at just one, once something is gone they will keep looking for things they hate which will prevent them from enjoying what they want. When I was younger I remember going to the library all the time for movies and books @ CAPS1. Personally, I have seen a book deleted due to censorship, even though I didn't quite get it, I felt that if I read it I would be punished. Which is also not good for children as they shouldn't be afraid to read something. We live in a place with free speech, yet this right seems to be fading away. There are even more ways to look at censorship and how it affects libraries, such as reading about some of the cases that tried to ban books. While most are not banned at the moment, the world is very unpredictable. In school, there have been many times when children have had the chance to read case after case about people trying to get some of the best books banned. The funny thing is that these books are the only fun books to read during the school year. So it doesn't make sense to take them off the shelves. Reading is what keeps us informed, about the past and even the future. “ So we're out of books. " If that's what people want, then continue, but there is a kind of decency in you, I guess when it comes to make an easy choice like this, you also choose good. Say no to censorship. Reading is what keeps us strong, keeps us entertained, and those who know the past probably won't repeat it, unless the books go missing.
Many people visit different libraries around the world every day. Some for books, some for magazines, some for movies. Everyone has different tastes so a library is where they go because they have absolutely everything. Libraries have all kinds of different and amazing books. This is where people of all ages go to find books or other materials that they would like to read or use for research. There should be no limit on the books, movies, magazines, etc., that are on the shelves. Everyone has different beliefs / feelings about what they would like to read or see. If libraries started limiting their options, I don't think they would have that much business and people reading that much. Which means that an individual's @ CAPS1 could go down. Reading helps everyone in this world, by learning new vocabulary and just exercising their own eyes. By distracting someone, they won't read as much or feel so free. Just because someone doesn't like something doesn't mean the next person won't like it. If a book or movie, etc. is offensive to someone, they just don't read or watch it. No one has the right to take care of what interests them. However, limiting the age groups for certain items wouldn't be a horrible idea. Books that @ MONTH1 are offensive or not suitable for a young child should not be seen or read aloud by a young child, but that does not mean taking it away from others.
Books these days have action, novels, etc. That's why the books that don't come off the shelves are because they don't have what other books have. So they just sit there, most of the other books coming off the shelves are the happy @ CAPS1, the @ CAPS2 side, The @ CAPS3 and all the vampire books. It's because they have action, love, etc. Books that are on and off the shelves. Perhaps are very good books. Some books never leave the shelf, it's probably because they aren't. The reason is really that the books that are on the shelves are. Because the book is boring, or an old school book, they really don't have what the reader is looking for. However, the books that readers really enjoy are movie books like the @ CAPS2 side. This book sold faster than the movies. The reason readers love books more than movies is that. Movies books like the @ CAPS2 side. This is because the author gives more information about the film. Heard this book is nothing like the movie, the book is so much better than the movie because the book gives more information about the movie. So for people, people really like books from a movie. These are more of the reasons people love books these days. You no longer need to go to a bookstore, the books are now on your iphone, ipod, itouch, ipad and corner, etc. So now you don't have to go to a bookstore anymore. You can get it on your iPhone and other things, people are really happy that they don't have to get up too much in the morning or when they get their books. However, they can now simply switch them on. That's why the books are now on the shelves for good. Because you can get it on the go. But I believe people who like the feel of the book. Should try to go out and get an iphone or wedge something that will save you time while you are on your way to work or school
First, I don't think libraries should take all of these thoughts because some of these things people need to help them with their work. when some people need music to think about and maybe some need magazines. so I don't think libraries should take the items off the shelves.
The CAPS1 @ @ @ I CAPS2 CAPS3 The Short Film @ CAPS4 CAPS5 @ @ @ CAPS6 talk about my CAPS1 @ CAPS2 watching the horror film @ @ CAPS7 with PERSON1. I admit I was terrified, then I got over it. Then after a few times you got used to it, I did. That's all for the @ CAPS6 assignment
The library is an important place for the knowledge seeker. The library contains books from past and current writers. It also contains information on past and current events. Censorship in libraries has become an ongoing debate. Censorship in libraries should not be allowed to avoid offensive history, books or newspaper articles. Censorship in libraries should not be allowed to avoid an offensive story. One of the reasons for banning censorship in historical events is that it would lead to information loss. Times like the holocaust, the genocide of about six million @ CAPS1 by @ LOCATION2, would eventually die with the generations that knew it. The holocaust was an event that became known @ CAPS2 during @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 which was a major historical event. Another historical event lost to censorship is the slave trade. The slave trade is a major part of @ CAPS5's history that has helped shape the country it is today. Another reason to ban censorship in historical events would be their importance. If we censor certain documents, we start to forget key parts of the story. Keeping these historical facts provides an opportunity to teach and learn. Censorship in libraries targeting historical events should not be allowed. In addition, censorship in libraries should not be allowed to change books. One of the reasons is that the authors wrote their books the way they wanted them to be read. An example is @ PERSON2. The author of The @ CAPS6 of @ PERSON3 and The @ CAPS6 of @ ORGANIZATION2. Both books use the word @ NUM1r to convey the tone. Another example is the author of To @ CAPS7 A @ CAPS8, @ PERSON1. Another reason to ban censorship in books is that it is the writing style of the authors. The author writes a book as he wants it to be read. Therefore, they use the language and words of the period they are writing about. @ PERSON2 didn't use @ NUM1r because he was racist, he used it to explain what times were like and how people spoke. Censorship in libraries should not be allowed to change books. Finally, censorship in libraries should not get rid of newspaper articles. One of the reasons is that newspapers were the medium to send information. He drew people's attention to recent events. He informed people of what was going on. Getting rid of it is just another loss of information. Newspapers played a key role in disseminating information about @ LOCATION3, @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4, the assassination of @ CAPS12 and @ ORGANIZATION1. Another reason not to censor newspapers in libraries is their importance today. They continue to keep people informed of recent and past events. An example is the death of @ LOCATION1 and how it caused the death of many @ CAPS13 on the eleventh @ DATE1. Articles on opinions on the death penalty. Censorship should not be allowed in libraries to get rid of offensive newspaper articles. The library is a home for the knowledge seeker. There they can read about past and current events. They can also read classics from great authors. Censorship should not be allowed in libraries to avoid offensive history, books or newspaper articles.
Dear @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2 in the world, there are people who censor what their people read and write, these works are often produced by communist and socialist governments. Here at @ LOCATION1, we have the right to say, read, and write whatever we want, on anyone or anything. Censorship exists in @ LOCATION1, and it is in the form of opoion that it exists. I have read articles in the newspaper about how the textbooks have covered up the truth, because of what is political correctness. I have heard that librarians have withdrawn books that have a very strong political opinion, often books written by curators. Being a curator myself, I don't think these books shouldn't be in bookstores, libraries, or other public places. I believe it because at @ LOCATION1 we have freedom of the press and these books do not reach the public is against that right and the free flow of ideas. You @ MONTH1 ask how I believe that ? I believe this because I too want others to hear and read my ideas, on how to achieve life, freedom and the pursuit of happiness. Now that @ PERSON1, that's why all books should be in our libraries. I agree with a restricted section where some books should be stored, so little kids won't get a hold of @ NUM1. that this paper publishes an article on these thoughts. We @ ORGANIZATION1 are a republic, and have been promoting the free flow of ideas for over @ NUM2 years, why stop now? Thanks @ PERSON2
My views on censorship in libraries are similar in many ways. Certain materials, such as books, music, movies, and magazines should be removed from libraries if they are found to be offensive to more than one person. If they're not such a big deal, they shouldn't be deleted. People might change their mind about going to that particular library if they find a lot of shocking things there. Additionally, having these offensive things in libraries increases the chances that they will be read by evil spirits, and it could possibly change the way most children act or think. Some things I would find that bother me are books or magazines that contain drugs, nudity, horrible violence, and bullying. In my own experience, having books that contain these types of issues is very offensive to most parents and can affect the way you live, if you take them seriously. Some libraries don't even realize they have these offensive books, magazines, or videos. A teacher took a book from me and I had trouble reading it, even though it was in the library where anyone could have picked it up from a shelf and read it. In my opinion, I think libraries should take the time to go through the books they have and decide whether or not they are considered offensive to parents if their children read them. I agree with removing some material containing offensive material from all libraries. Also, I believe if parents could choose, they would decide to get rid of all the mean, mean, and offensive material.
I think there should be censorship in public libraries. Libraries accommodate families and young children who do not need to see, hear and read certain things. If people want to buy inappropriate reading materials, movies, or music, they can do so elsewhere. Some things are acceptable in public libraries and others are not. Some content such as movies and romance rated @ CAPS1 is neither inappropriate nor unacceptable. They are intended for adults but they do not show extremely racy pictures on their covers. Other material, however, most people are not interested in having to see and our young children should not be subjected to this. People who want to see, listen to or read inappropriate material that is not intended for all ages or that should not even be seen by young children can and will buy or find it elsewhere. People who wish to own these items will find another place to get them besides a public place with families and children. I believe these people reserve the right to see and listen to whatever they like, but they should be censored in a public library. Most people don't play inappropriate material in public, and most extremely racy movies don't even show in theaters, so why should you be able to watch them in a public place ? On top of that, a lot of people don't even want others to know that they are seeing these items in the first place, so many wouldn't even check them in a public library. I also believe that not only should children not be subjected to these things, but parents should not be subjected to their children wanting to know certain things that they are far from knowing. The young people at @ LOCATION1 are launching into new and younger things every day, whether it's drugs or inappropriate magazines, so I think we shouldn't start subjecting our kids to that at an age even younger than they will already discover.
“We can all think of a book that we hope none of our children or other children have taken off the shelves. But if I have the right to take this book off the shelf - this job that I hate - then you have the exact same right and everyone else too. And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us. @ CAPS1 the author, Katherine Paterson. Her quote means that there might be a book, magazine, etc., on a shelf that someone shouldn't be seeing. I believe that some materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should not be taken off the shelves if they are found to be offensive. There are ways to avoid seeing them. I think if something is found to be offensive then they should be in a special aisle. First of all, if there are any items that people find offensive, they should be placed in a specific aisle. There are things that only adults should see, so there should be a dedicated aisle for offensive or inappropriate things. And in order for someone to enter that aisle, they must have permission to enter the aisle and show some ID so that children and children don't accidentally slip in and see things they shouldn't see. Because if a child sees something wrong, it might influence them to do wrong things because they won't know better. Second, if an individual finds an offensive book or magazine, they can avoid it by simply walking away. That person does not need to read it or look for it in a library if it is in a certain aisle. But if someone is really offended by something, all they have to do is go and complain to the library manager and it can just be withdrawn if there are enough complaints. Then again, it's not that hard to avoid something you don't like. You might mind that he's there, but it should be out of the reach of younger kids. Third, the library will contain things deemed offensive or inappropriate, so children entering the library should be supervised by an adult so that they do not see the wrong things. If a child sees something bad, he may find it interesting and therefore may want to take it and read it, which is bad because it can give him ideas. Finally, there are plenty of ways to avoid seeing something that you find offensive. You can walk away if you notice anything that you find offensive or if you stay away from that area of the library. There will be a lot of things that people find offensive and inappropriate, but there's not much you can do about it. The best thing to do is ignore it and go. And if that worries you that much, you can always file a complaint about what has offended you or what you think is inappropriate for children. Putting the wrong things in an aisle is a smart idea as small children will not be able to access them.
Books On The Shelves Are There For A Reason “ We can all think of a book that we hope none of our children or other children have taken off the shelves. But if I have the right to take this book off the shelf - this job that I hate - then you have the exact same right and everyone else too. And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us. Katherine Paterson wrote. The short word quote to me means what should and should not be allowed for children and what they should learn as children. Libraries have non-fiction and fiction books as well as magazines, music and movies. I like to learn a bit of everything myself, but of course there are things I don't like to learn when I'm too young. I like to discover things on my own. There are times when I like to discover new things because I don't know when life ends. In other words, I am surrounded by reality and I have to get out of the fantasy world. Magazines also have a lot of issues and sometimes, yes that's life, but also dramatic things about people. A library is a good place to learn a lot. You can learn about the history of presidents, countries, music of important people, etc. Honestly, the only thing I go there for is reading and consulting books, but from books I learned a lot. There is material that shouldn't be read and discovered when you are too young. There is material that is too strong for some children and they should learn it because they do not grow up in groups. Libraries should have different stickers or labels on children's books and have warning signs for their age. There are times when it's good to know more about life, but you have to be careful because @ MONTH1 is too strong. There are books that teach you a lot. I learned a lot from old books to new books. I don't think the books should be deleted, yes they @ MONTH1 are strong, but it's our choice whether or not to read them. There may be some racist books, but they are there for a reason and not to make fun of people. Magazines are also sometimes good because they teach good things and keep you up to date with what is going on in the world. There are also magazines that are all about drama and criticize famous people. I don't think it's important to show other people's personal lives or to criticize them. It is certainly not good for children to learn at this age. Magazines should not be deleted because everyone has a decision on what to read and what to watch. Music, in the library there is mostly music from centuries ago, but they were also great composers. No, the music should not be deleted because everyone has different musical tastes. There is also new music, everyone has different tastes and must choose what they want to listen to or who to listen to. Movies are a part of life, I think. There are a lot of them that I am learning from. From slavery to the future, there are films where I have learned a lot. There are also videos that are rated @ CAPS1, @ NUM1, @ CAPS2, etc. It's our choice to watch the movie without anyone telling us whether or not we have to. There are different reasons why certain books, music, magazines, movies offend people, but it also has meaning. The books are not racist, so we can make fun of others, but to find out what they have been through. I'm happy to know that growing up I know what to learn and when I'm too young to read anything. I think it should be allowed because it's for everyone. I don't think anything should be taken off the shelves even if the material is offensive
As a member of the community and a person who visits the library often, I believe that books, magazines, movies, etc. should not be taken off the shelves. The reason for this thought is that even though @ MONTH1 is offensive to one person, it doesn't mean that it is offensive to another. Removing various books and objects from our libraries robs many people of our knowledge of our world. It makes the world illiterate. Libraries provide many things that are not a family discretion, but for the right age group they offer a lot of knowledge. Movies are a big part of this problem, but they are there for the sake of entertainment . I think that all the items that are equipped in a library should be seen as a means of knowledge and not as if it is offensive to a certain amount of people. Removing these @ MONTH1 things becomes harmful to a new generation in the long run. Personally, I think, as someone who frequents the library often, there are a number of ways things that are carried away cause an uproar. I have read several books which have been acquired in all the different sections of the library. Some even relate to the racism of my own ethnicity using words that are not to my liking. I tolerate in words the fact that I would like to know what my ancestry had to do to get me to where I am today. Magazines are also a small part of this conflict. Like the movies, they are there to entertain. Most people like to use the library for a moment of relaxation. The library is not only there for people to take books and other things, it is also there for people to have a comfortable place to learn something. In conclusion, as a member of the community and regular at the library, I think things shouldn't take off the shelves. Libraries provide various things that are not for family discretion, but @ MONTH1 provides help for others. Some books deal with ethnic racism. This is not meant to be harmful but to show what your ancestor had to go through to get to where you are. Things like magazines are there for your entertainment and if you think it's inappropriate you shouldn't read or watch them.
There are two things I would like to say about removing books from library shelves. First, there will always be something offensive to someone, no matter what @ MONTH1 or @ MONTH1 is not. Second, no matter what you do or try to do, there will always be something a child will do or see that you @ MONTH1 doesn't want them to see or do. If people could remove things that they find offensive, there wouldn't be anything on the shelves or in stores or really anywhere. There are too many different types of people who @ MONTH1 don't like too many things that are different from other people. If a person took a book away and another person wanted to get that book, but found out that a person had asked for it to be taken down, that person would not be happy and stop coming back to that library after a person had must have ruined something she loved because they found it offensive. What if a book deemed offensive is deleted? there are much worse things on television. Cartoons are more violent than most books, more and more commercials and other types of advertisements are using wemon, money and fame to attract people. Most of the time they are not intended for children, a billboard on the way to school advertising an alcoholic product, or some kind of adult fun, they are a part of life. No matter what @ MONTH1 you try to do to keep your child 'safe' it just won't work these days. No matter how hard a person @ MONTH1 tries to change something that they find offensive, there will be something equally equal around the next vorner, whether it be a billboard, poster, or blanket. movie or group, someone will always find something offensive and teach their kids to do the same, but just because someone @ MOIS1 doesn't like something doesn't mean their kids or someone's kids. 'one else won't either
Conflicting works of art such as books, music, and movies have always been seen in libraries. Whether it's @ CAPS1 or @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 @ NUM1, someone is going to be offended. But whether or not these offending works should be banned is a common topic among writers, musicians and moviegoers. Personally, I believe that all these works have the right to be seen, heard or read, because the creator has made a lot of efforts to express his opinion and has the right to freedom of the press. You could take any famous job and someone might be offended @ CAPS5 for posting something contrary to their beliefs. But that doesn't mean that this work should be banned! To ban a book would mean a total rejection of the thoughts and opinions of the author, and everyone has a right to it. Censorship of any work is unconstitutional because as citizens of @ LOCATION1 we have total freedom of the press. You just can't enforce censorship because whether or not you keep it on the shelves people are going to be offended. Moreover, as @ PERSON1 @ CAPS4 @ NUM2 shows, censorship of books could lead to a society unable to have any real knowledge of the past and the feelings and thoughts of people of this age. For me, “ offensive ” books, movies and music are not bad, they are just a stimulus for debate. They can allow you, rather than the sole author, to express your feelings about what has been presented in the works. But to completely remove competition from the debate would be sabotage. @ PERSON2 @ LOCATION1 that 'if I have the right to take this book off the shelf ... then you also have the exact same right and everyone else too.' @ CAPS5 saying this, she expresses that if we could all go to a library and remove the books, magazines, movies or music that we don't like, then there would be absolutely nothing left. Each job would be deleted because at least one person is offended @ CAPS5 for each such job. Therefore, to allow books to be read, to listen to music and to watch movies is to give everyone the freedom to write down their thoughts or positions. Censorship of any work, anywhere, makes it possible to "silence" ideas. These ideas are the ones that move the company @ CAPS5 forward, making us think and helping us to formulate our opinions. @ CAPS5 enabling this, we are creating future generations of great thinkers. In this case, @ CAPS5 keeping books, magazines and music on the shelves, we can continue to " learn from the past " and use the information and ideas that have been used throughout history.
The shelf is an object that contains many different types of materials such as movies, books, magazines, and music. It's all media and entertainment. But not everyone likes media because one or all of these @ MONTH1 materials are offensive to strangers and children. Censorship in our libraries could get a little graphic and so on. Yes, we all do it in movies and music, but we don't want it in our libraries. A library is a place of study and learning for educational purposes. There is none for entertainment and things of that nature. Sometimes they can be a bit of fun, but most of the time people would like to take their kids out and show them something to help their minds focus on school. Of all @ CAPS1 movies rated @ CAPS2, dirty music, adult books, and magazines should be taken off the shelves. One day I was in the State Library looking for a book about @ LOCATION1 and its people on the shelves. While I was reading the book he was saying some very mean and offensive things about the people at @ CAPS3. I told myself this book should be taken off the shelves forever and never be seen again. It shocked me that someone put this book in a public library and let strangers and others read it. After some people read up on people @ CAPS3; They changed their minds and started becoming angels and disliking them for these things and the offensive comments they made ! Magazines and movies should be taken off the category shelves, in my opinion, people of different countries and their way of life. It could be very sad for someone because they could've really been through everything in this movie or whatever the magazines say. Another reason why censorship should be kept under control is the titles of these documents. If a kid watches an adult movie and it turns out it's for a kid, wouldn't you think that's a little offensive ? I know I would. I don't want my child to watch a purple movie. We need to think for our children and people who come from different countries when it comes to public libraries. If the censorship is not scrupulously observed, we could make strangers very angry or make our children very purple and reckless because of the movies on the shelves, and the people who come to our country would never come back if they picked up the book that they might think was very interesting but is very offensive to them. Censorship is very important in libraries and on shelves
I can think of a book that we hope none of our children or other children have removed from the shelf. I hope our children or any other child will remove this book from the shelves because it would be offensive or demeaning to my race or that of the children. This book would probably get kids asking questions that we don't really want to talk about. This book would probably be one that I wouldn't recommend my kids to read or even look at the pages or the cover of the book. I mean, if it wasn't demeaning to race or anyone's skin color I would let my kids read it, but if it contained any racial slurs and name calling, I would tell my kids that this book is prohibited until you are older. Some magazines like swimsuit models and other inappropriate items that my kids shouldn't look at out loud. Music is like magazines, if it's offensive and about drugs, then I won't let my kids listen to it. Movies are like magazines and music, if they have inappropriate material my kids don't need to watch or listen to them. My exception for a movie is if it's rated @ CAPS1 or @ CAPS2 then they're out loud to watch it, but if it's rated @ NUM1 or @ CAPS3 my kids might forget to watch it. So at the end of the day, yeah, I can think of any book, movie, or magazine that I don't want my kids or kids to get my hands on because you never know what that might lead to. And if you are a strict parent like I plan to be, then don't let your kids watch, watch, or listen to inappropriate things because that only puts bad stuff in their brains. I have to admit I have watched and listened to and watched bad things but I regret it so much. There are so many inappropriate books, movies, magazines in libraries today, it's bad because little kids can get their hands on this stuff and take it home without their parents noticing that they took these bad things home
If someone is offended by a book or movie in a library, should they be able to have it deleted ? In the following, I want to explain my opinion on censorship in libraries. If some parents see a book that offends them and they think their kids shouldn't be able to get it from the library, they might just forbid them to read it. I don't think they should be able to take it off, although they might think other kids shouldn't be able to get it either, but that's not their decision. Each parent has to decide for themselves whether they want their kids to get certain books, but a parent shouldn't be able to decide for everyone by removing a book. Some people may be offended by certain books in libraries, but just because one person is offended by a book doesn't mean everyone is going to be offended by it. Does that person have the right to say that a book should be taken down? It is their personal opinion that they don't like it, but by deleting it they would also prevent other people from reading it, and that is not fair. Different people like different books and are offended by different books, so if everyone removed a book they didn't like from the library, there would be no more books. I think if someone is offended by a book, they just shouldn't read it. They could tell their friends and family not to read it, because they thought it was offensive, but in the end, each would have to decide for themselves. I don't think people should be able to remove books from libraries, but if the library itself thinks a book is offensive then they shouldn't have it. It's their library, so it's up to them to decide which books they want there to be. I also think that when the library does not have certain books, because they are really careful about the books they take from their library, that should be enough for others. So overall I don't think people should be able to take down certain books because everyone has their own opinion of what is offensive and what is not. We should all be able to read or see what we want and not what others think we should.
Everywhere I go, there always seems to be something, big or small, that can be considered offensive. Because of these offensive things, there is often censorship in public places. It's okay to view uncensored material at your own discretion and in your privacy, but not very okay to do so in public. I believe censorship is necessary in libraries because of the wide range of audiences, public records, and the opinions of some people. Libraries are considered public places and have a wide range of audiences. Whether it is children, adolescents, adults or the elderly, there are some things that are inappropriate and should not be accessible to certain people. However, this is primarily aimed at children. As the quote mentioned, " We can all think of a book that we hope none of our children or other children have taken off the shelves ." @ CAPS1 then put these offensive books in the libraries ? Censorship will block inappropriate parts of books, movies, music, and magazines to make these materials more suitable for all age groups. Because libraries are considered public places, their materials are considered public property. Everyone is entitled to these materials. However, not all libraries will have the book, magazine, or movie you might be looking for due to @ MONTH1 containing profanity or inappropriate content. Some people @ MONTH1 are against censorship in libraries, but there is often no censorship in bookstores, cinemas, music libraries, etc. If you want some uncensored material then buy it. This way, the material will no longer be public, but your own and you can do with it whatever you want. We now live in a world where everyone expresses their opinion freely and you cannot be punished for doing so. Libraries target all age groups and the censorship just makes sure everything is appropriate for everyone. Some parents do not allow their children to read certain books, watch certain movies or listen to certain music and it is simply because it is their opinion and parenthood. Some parents, on the other hand, allow their children to participate in inappropriate content, and that's perfectly fine, because that is their parents and their children. However, libraries should not have the right to introduce inappropriate things into the lives of children; it should be the decision of the parents or guardians. In conclusion, censorship should be allowed in libraries because of the large public, public documents and strong opinions of the population. Everyone deserves to read, watch, and listen to what they want, but not everyone deserves to be surrounded by inappropriate things in public places. Not everyone can be happy, but everyone can be appropriate
In my experience, some music is just too offensive. They use words that shouldn't be heard by certain people and especially certain ages. Even magazines have things that are just too inappropriate for some people. Some of the movies they're releasing these days are just awful to watch. The fact that they put these things in a library shocks me greatly. One day I was babysitting a little girl and took her to the library. There was a @ CAPS1 on a shelf and she put it in her @ CAPS1 reader. It made very sexual references and contained a lot of profanity. I was mortified that the little girl must have heard those words at such a young age. As soon as I put my ear to his headphones, I immediately turned them off. They should really watch the @ CAPS4 music they release to the public because if I hadn't been with her maybe she would have picked up some of those words. I don't think @ CAPS3 would really want anyone to listen to this kind of language at any age. He discriminates against women and gives young children ideas in their heads about sexual activity. Another thing they put out in libraries that I don't agree with is magazines that are a bit too mature. I went to the library one day with a friend of mine and bought a magazine @ ORGANIZATION1. I turned around and saw all these eye-opening pictures and I was like, '@ CAPS4 what if a young child takes this magazine when no one is looking?' It would be a horrible experience for a young child. I read somewhere that the things children see at a young age have a big effect on who they will become. If this is true, I certainly think we should censor @ CAPS4 in our public libraries and be careful if we take our kids to the library. We have to make sure that the next generation doesn't see some of the things that we have. We should also monitor the movies we watch and keep a close eye on the things they read.
no i don't think anything should be deleted because not everyone also wants to watch the same thing i think if you don't like it don't watch it so there is no need to delete it no matter what
“We can all think of a book that we hope none of our children have taken off the shelves. But if I have the right to take this book off the shelf - this job that I hate - then you have the exact same right and everyone else too. And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us. The quote from @ CAPS1 from @ PERSON1 expresses a strong point about citizenship. Censorship happens everywhere you are. Whether it's a book, magazine article, or even a TV show, things are censored. Censorship doesn't make @ CAPS7 anything nicer, but it does make things less enjoyable. I think things that are offensive shouldn't be taken off the shelves. Censorship prevents the viewer and / or reader from fully enjoying the potential of things. I watch TV shows myself all the time. When censoring things, it makes me angry. I already know what the words are so why censor it. @ PERSON2 wrote a famous book called @ ORGANIZATION1. and that books have been banned from teaching in schools simply because they contain a racial term. I have two things to say about this. If this offends you, you should not @ CAPS7 watch or read it. Second, you would have to take into account the time and age at which the book took place and that was the language used at the time. So, one could wonder when the book was written, when the book took place, etc. There are two books that I have read called @ CAPS2 and @ CAPS3 @ NUM1. The two books have one thing in common. The use of censorship in their society. In @ CAPS3 @ NUM1, books are censored. @ CAPS1 gets someone to challenge this concept because he and others felt it was "@ CAPS7 just that books be banned. Also in @ CAPS2 a boy is challenging his company @ CAPS6 because they too censored some things. Censorship also happens in today's media. Some examples are @ CAPS7.V. Television censors vulgar language, and sometimes violence and gore. It is now understandable to censor programming for children, but programming intended for an adult audience is unacceptable. In view of the freedom of expression that can be expressed. In addition, adult programming is only intended for middle-aged people, so why censor them ? Katherine Paterson makes a valid point in her quote. I think if you find something offensive then don't read or watch it @ CAPS7. If you feel something is so offensive for you that you d You have to force others to believe what you think, then you are wrong. People should have the right to read, watch or listen to whatever they want without censorship.
Does censorship solve the problems? If one person wants to censor something in a library, there's bound to be another person on the other side of this argument trying to protect that work from being taken down. As a free country, every individual has the right to adopt any form of literature or music that they find enjoyable, and history has shown the world that censorship leads those in power down a path dark. Protection from offensive content is only necessary and fair when the impressionable young minds of the youth of the world are involved, but once a person is old enough to make informed decisions, it should be their prerogative to choose. its own content. Censorship is unacceptable because of human rights and how it has affected history, but necessary to protect young people. A person has the right to choose the type of literature he wishes to read. If someone doesn't like a book and gets banned from a library, then everyone will want a book they don't like banned. Take the example of a hypothetical public library : a public library is an open and free place where men, women and children of all backgrounds can come to learn and have fun with a good book, magazine or music. . A great mental image of serenity and peace. How does this image appear to a viewer once the books start to disappear from the shelves ? Suddenly, right and left, books disappear as if by magic: a ceratin book is frowned upon by mothers, a religious group does not like the message that book sends, and this book makes people sad. Before long, there aren't many books left in this hypothetical library other than books for toddlers. With this system, everyone suffers. Everyone must keep their right to read what they want. Everything would be easier if books were simply not banned in libraries. History has given the world many cruel dictators. Often, once in power, it is not the most popular form of government. To keep his subjects under his domination, he often had to resort to the suppression of civil rights. It could be a curfew, bogus elections, or censorship. If the leader has the power of censorship, he or she can control what the public thinks, feels and believes. With this power over them, the people are weakened and often mistreated. Now imagine that the censorship is happening in a country that has civil rights. People wouldn't take it. So why start censorship in an area that promotes freedom? Censorship is absolutely not necessary and, as history has shown, it is certainly not a good thing. Censorship is unacceptable in any form in a free country that promotes civil rights. There is, however, another element at play here: the protection of youth and innocence. Almost anyone can remember a time when he was young and innocent, without worry or trouble. It can go away in an instant. Children should not be exposed to things inappropriate for their age. Almost every movie these days contains some violent and risky material, if not full-fledged adult. The age of innocence is getting younger with each generation and children are conditioned to this material to an extreme extent. A statement like this @ MONTH1 sounds hypocritical from someone against censorship, but it's not "censorship" when you protect young people. Because of personal rights and what history has shown the world, censorship should never be tolerated except for the protection of children. It is each person's choice of what they would like to read and absorb, so their choices should not be violated. The world has seen time and time again what censorship can do to people. In addition, children must be protected, and this is not censorship. Censorship doesn't solve any problem, but it makes everyone miserable. Therefore, why censor
I think some books such as offensive books should not be deleted. I don't think so because that's how some kids learn better and read better. Children don't like to read boring books. Things like music, movies, and magazines interest us. If this world didn't have movies, kids wouldn't read books. Most of these kids now read books because they watch the movie and the story. Some children like to listen to music while reading. I'm glad people invited this stuff. I feel like if people didn't invite these things, this world would be boring. Magazines are also great because they help people start reading books etc. Magazines attract people. I say they are because they have pictures, glossip, and so much more. Magazines are good to read, it helps a lot of people read better. It's also bad because the kids read it and start doing what they say in the magazine. Some books are good, some are bad. I say this because some books get out of hand with cursin and the covers of the books are well illustrated. Some arthurs write good things and some write bad things. I hope you will get something from what I have written. This is how I feel about books, magazines, music and movies. I like to read and listen to them all. I really like books. PS @ ORGANIZATION1
When @ LOCATION2 was created and our ancestors signed the constitution of @ LOCATION1, freedom was the great kahuna. With each signature approval added to the constitution, @ LOCATION2 has become one of the few countries with full freedom in all rights. Laws such as “ you are innocent until proven guilty ” and freedom of speech have made our country stand out from other nations who repress their own people. Freedom is the middle name of @ LOCATION2 and it is the birthright of our future ! Freedom of expression has been shown everywhere and even if some voices say a little too much, it is always a right that is given to us so we must accept the nonsense that is said. Offensive things are common, as we are all different and the variety of ethnicities in @ LOCATION2 is so vast that at some point someone is going to get seriously trampled on. It is not tolerated but it continues across the world. Freedom of speech is an unidentified form of expressing, since it is allowed to say how you feel but sometimes too much is said and you end up in a fight. Speech is still a freedom however, and if we took away the freedom we would be in a bad spot. Genocide and illegal imprisonment are two factors that regularly occur due to the lack of liberty. If you denounce a powerful figure, you go to jail. If you believe in something different, armies will come and kill you, all because some countries don't have freedom like @ LOCATION2. This freedom can cause controversy and produce offensive products like reading materials and videos, but it's much better than living under the shadow of a dictator. Raw forms of freedom always end up on magazines, books, and CDs, but if you think about it, they're produced, then they're bought, or they wouldn't be made at all. On some occasions the items are not made for economic purposes but primarily based on faith and religious values, it is also a freedom that many have paid for with their lives, to have. Plus, with the production of books, movies, and CDs, you are protected from views you dislike, these things have a rated oversight system, and if you don't like the product, ask -it and go, yes it's that easy. I don't think freedom is being thrown out the window anytime soon, we may have to keep living with offensive products. We should all just be happy living in a free society that allows us to express our difference without being killed in the process. You can't just go and take the constitution and despise it like garbage, so society will just have to bear the burden of expressed freedom. Freedom comes in the record and the books but it's still the middle name of @ LOCATION2 and the birthright to our future
Do you think that books, movies, music, etc., should be moved if they are found to be offensive ? I can't choose @ CAPS3, they are both understandable. Therefore, I am discussing well how I feel about it in this essay and my experience with it. Well, let's get started! I could go either way with that. But first, I'm just discussing how I disagree with removing offensive stuff. Material that a lot of people are interested in is not for me. I mean everyone should be able to listen and read things that people like and appreciate. And I could really overlook what other people liked to read and listen to. Someday we might all come to enjoy things we wouldn't all think we'd like. It is quite simply. I mean, I love scary novels and books, and someone else might not like them both. No one can tell anyone what they should like and what not to like. I agree so far! When people make a big deal out of something, it gets on your nerves a bit, like when your mom tells you to make sure the room is clean all the time! I agree with this @ CAPS3 something maybe offensive to someone and not want their children. Once I was in a library looking at this book which looked really good to read. But then a lady told me I shouldn't read it @ CAPS3 too much for me. But it was just for me. @ CAPS2 went to the main office and started complaining. I was like, 'Are you serious?' I didn't mean to be rude, so I calmly told him, "@ CAPS1 are you so worried about what I'm reading ?" @ CAPS2 replied: '@ CAPS3, the book is to be reviled.' I showed him what the book was called, '@ CAPS4 @ CAPS5 @ CAPS6'. We have terminated the agreement. I looked at the book anyway, @ CAPS3 Knew I would love it, and I do ! They should just put it aside, which they think is offensive, and let people ask for it. So people won't do much with it. Just keep the peace and give everyone what they want. Well, I'm done now. Hope you understand both sides of the deal. Just remember whether you agree or disagree. Or you love me, who can't choose or who understands both sides. It is your decision and no one can make you change what you love and enjoy reading or listening to. But I can't put @ CAPS3 aside anyway, they're both understandable.
I believe that some materials that seem offensive to some people should stay on the shelves. I have the impression that it is up to that person to choose whether or not to read or listen to the material. I was also in this position where I came across an article that upset me. Also, I once had an argument with someone who found what I was listening to to be offensive to them. Once, while I was reading a newspaper about it, I made fun of my city where I grew up. The newspaper said my town was full of rednecks and a lot of the people there were not very educated and not smart. It upset me and made me feel ashamed to live there. But I thought more and more that this article was someone else's opinion. Just because they wrote this article doesn't mean it's true. This argument has gotten out of hand. She had her opinion and I had mine too. My friend came to my house one day to go out and do homework. While we were in my room, I lit my favorite artist cd. I was listening to rock at the time and I loved the talent of the artist. My friend went to my sterio and turned it off. She told me that she didn't like it and that it was offensive music. So after that, we had a fight pretty much the entire time. I finally said I was feeling his great music and shouldn't have to stop listening to it. We had an agreement that while she was there I wouldn't listen to her, I felt I would respect her feelings. Over the past few years, I have observed that more and more people take to heart what others have to say or sing. When an author writes a story or an article, he puts his opinion into it. Sometimes they type in the facts and also what they think is written to say. I mean if it's on the shelf and you don't like it, don't pick it up and read it.
I do not thank him for the fact that most of the libraries in towns and villages are open to the public. if the person (s) find the piece of material offensive, then they should skip the article. or they can fly over it. on the other hand, the person or persons have the right to freedom of expression but should not exceed their opinion above the level of the law. if there is music playing in the library that others find offended, in my opinion, yes they should and can stand up for themselves. books and magazines should be allowed in the public library even if they feel offended. this is because it is a public library and there should be many different types of books. it's because people have different personalities, which means we'll like different things. this does not mean that others cannot express their opinion because as i said earlier, everyone in the united states of america has the right to say what they think even if not not @ MONTH1 what others want to hear, they can always do this. Well that's my take on what I think should happen.
I think people read more books that are banned in schools and libraries, they listen to “ rebellious ” music , or they just watch controversial movies, so is censorship really effective ? I don't think censorship is really necessary. If you think a topic may offend you, you shouldn't read it. instead of censoring library products we should be censoring readers, i think people are mature enough to choose what they want to read, watch or listen to. The media are just another means of acquiring knowledge, which is why they are used in school. I would love to go to my school library and find books like "The @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2", I know this book is considered one of @ LOCATION1's most famous literary works, but it was once banned in some schools across the country. The reason for the ban was that they believed the book contained pornography and that it was not appropriate for school. My English teacher used this method, telling us this, to encourage us to read it. My classmates who hadn't read the book wanted to find pornography in it, if you asked me ... I couldn't find it. Another literary work that was once banned is 'The @ CAPS3 of @ ORGANIZATION1', this book was banned because @ PERSON1, a black character in the book, was called @ CAPS4 and was sometimes considered stupid during the delivered. Even though @ PERSON1 is the noblest and most innocent character in the book, some people have found it offensive and inappropriate. Movies with strong language are rated for their audience so I don't think that should be a problem. Music, on the other hand, depends on the singer's musical style and should be supervised by parents. I really believe that we shouldn't censor any material in libraries, but if it is necessary, they could set an age limit for viewing any controversial material. As I said before, the media is just another way to acquire knowledge
As @ CAPS1, we have the right to both freedom of expression and freedom of the press. However, these rights are somewhat suppressed in the censorship of media in libraries. I can understand why libraries feel the need to ban certain works; there are a lot of kids going to libraries, and having explicit content might deter parents from allowing them to visit. Certainly, however, the media in question could be placed in a separate area, closed to anyone below a certain age. Even if someone gets hold of one of these works, collateral can be used at reception to prevent them from borrowing the material. Their library card would show their age and the worker would not allow them to check the work if they were too young. In addition, I trust the common sense of people. If they think a book or movie will be too grown-up for them, they will avoid taking it out of the library. Parents, too, will surely not allow their children to borrow risky equipment. Information is open to those who seek it, and the knowledge it brings prevents unwanted results. There are those who want this content to be banned because it does not conform to their morals, but in reality this only restricts the freedoms of others. They @ MONTH1 think it's too self-explanatory, but not another @ MONTH1. That other person may want to use the material, but due to the restrictions imposed by the first person, borrowing of the work becomes prohibited. It seems that if the former does not agree with the material, they might just let it go and not involve the others in the conflict. People know their limits and usually make sure not to cross them. I think this conflict represents the @ CAPS2 way of life itself. When a disagreement arises, no matter what the topic, a group of people basically want to control what everyone can and cannot do. They organize demonstrations, sign petitions, etc. Of course, people are protesting against the laws, and for good reason. However, there is really no need to discuss minor issues that could easily be avoided if people just used their common sense to reach consensus. I think this censorship issue is a prime example. When it comes to these kinds of debates, we have to learn that we cannot be too quick to impose restrictions; that we should let others do what they think is best for themselves. The best course of action is to leave others alone on simple things like this and avoid placing restrictions on anyone's works, rights, and liberty. To paraphrase @ ORGANIZATION1, I @ MONTH1 don't agree with what you are saying, but I will fight to the death for your right to say it.
I think some mediums like books, music, movies and magazines are offensive and inappropriate. Why I believe @ CAPS1 is because these items contain stuff that hurts people in so many ways. But when people make and read these items, they don't know how effective it is for people who buy these items from the manufacturer. I have also had the experience of an offensive book and an inappropriate book. When I went to a public library I picked up the book @ CAPS1 and thought to myself '@ CAPS1 might be a good book I can do for my book report' as I picked up the book and as I turned the pages, I saw words and pictures that offended me. There were words that called people of color by names and pictures of women of color being raped or abused. So I didn't get this book, I just put it back and was angry with people who treated my culture badly. So @ CAPS1 white lady 'The Librarian' came up to me and asked if I needed help finding something, but I didn't answer her, I just looked at her and shook the head. As I walked through the library, I saw inappropriate books such as “ books @ CAPS2 ” that these children were looking at. I couldn't believe what I was seeing. Because I think they should have these books elsewhere so that the younger ones don't have access to these adult books including the music that is always about @ CAPS2, drugs and gangs. Because I think these things are bad for the youngest to watch or list as it can impact the future of life and can also cause violence, abuse, harassment which will get in trouble for our youngest children as they get older. I think all public libraries should have @ CAPS1 type elements kept in an adults only section and should show some type of id to prove you are @ NUM1 and above.
Readers of @ ORGANIZATION1, Censorship in libraries should never be a problem. It's a very simple concept. Obviously, no one wants their kids exposed to inappropriate readings or movies. If a child wants to visit the public library, their parents shouldn't have to worry about what their children will be viewing there. A library should be a family place where children can gather for story time, or where students can study. I remember going to the library all the time when I was younger. I read a different story each week with a large group of children from the community. It was something I loved to do. Don't you want your community library to be a place where kids can learn and have fun? Unfortunately, some libraries have offensive reading material, movies, music, etc. It is the responsibility of library employees to place such offensive material in the adult reading section of the building. Parents must tell their children that the adult section is prohibited and library employees must prevent children from being in this restricted area. These @ MONTH1 articles are offensive to some people, and they @ MONTH1 are too inappropriate for children. However, some readers have the right to consult these documents if they wish. That's why they shouldn't be taken off the shelves completely, just taken out of the rest of the books, music, movies, etc. I'm not the type to deny anyone their rights. While I don't personally see the need for offensive reading material in a public library, that doesn't mean someone else shouldn't be seeing these articles. Overall, we need to be fair. Would you want someone to deny you your right to do something you love to do because they find it offensive ? No, nobody wants that. However, we must always be reasonable about this. If there is to be adult reading material in a community library, it should be in an area where children are not allowed. It's just courtesy, and everyone has to cooperate. That's why censorship in libraries should never be a problem. Hope you can see it my way and help me solve this problem once and for all. Sincerely, @ LOCATION1
We all have this favorite book, mine is 'OF @ CAPS1 and @ CAPS2.' @ CAPS3 is a book I would recommend to anyone, but there are some libraries that have books that are so bad that I would be scared if my mom picked it up and looked at the cover. My name is @ PERSON1, and during the test @ CAPS3, I will show you what I am talking about. I like to read during the day. I like to go out and just grab a book from a shelf and start reading, but when I see a book or magazine that has sex acts, I get very angry. I have seen many of my friends get lost in these books and magazines right in front of an adult like their mothers. They can go to a public library where they are kids (from the age of five) and read and watch these terrible things. I don't know @ CAPS4 why these books are even needed in a library. Now people can access @ CAPS4.V and rent or rent them. I have a best friend who lost his father to these sexual acts and images. The mother of my friends had had enough and had to kick him out. Now my friend is becoming the same person. He can go out and buy these magazines from friends who steal them or rent them from our local library. He doesn't @ CAPS4 even admit that his father did the same. He still never wants to see his father, but what he does is the same thing his father did as well. I have had various discussions with a friend from @ CAPS3, but he said that @ CAPS4 isn't hurting anyone, but what he doesn't see @ CAPS4 is that he's hurting me. At the end of @ NUM1, @ NUM2's first parents saw some of the books their children were reading. It tried to put an end to it, but the plan never worked. Since then, the @ CAPS3 problem has reached a point that we can never control. Libraries do @ CAPS3 for the money they earn. More and more people now go to the library not to study or read in peace, but to get a sexual high. @ CAPS3 is where about half of library money is made. The government is trying to stay out of @ CAPS3 because the money they get from taxes comes from these people. When will it stop? No one really knows, but we'll try to stop it as much as we can. The reason for testing @ CAPS3 was to show why the process should be stopped. If you go to your local library and really look at what they are selling or renting then you will know what I am saying. I'll try to stop it, but I probably won't. This will not prevent me from helping my friends in the future. Just be glad you know it now
Offending a lot? This is how many people feel about curtain books. For example, if @ CAPS5 were the bible and you were an atheist, or someone who does not believe in God, then the @ MONTH1 bible would be offensive and hurtful to you. As a student, I think there are so many people in the world that the moment everyone inserts their own feelings by removing books, we will have nothing more to read. You see, everyone is different in their own way, so books, magazines, and music wouldn't be there because everyone has different feelings on different topics. I think they are a very useful and repeatedly informed resource on many exciting topics. First, in addition to books, we have magazines. If we got rid of all the magazines in the world, there would be a reduction in all those horrible ads that men crave. Second, there would be less gossip. Most magazines talk about @ PERCENT1 gossip about recent breakups and modern celebrity makeup today. I think magazines are a waste of time because they hurt people, it's also offensive the way some famous people act. I firmly believe that we should take magazines off the shelves. Finally, there is the music. Some of the greatest inspirations come from music. Don't you remember the song " Nous @ CAPS1't @ CAPS2 the @ CAPS3 ?" " @ CAPS4 if you don't, I'll tell you a little bit about @ CAPS5. @ CAPS5 talks about America, things that happened in the past that were very important. In the chorus, @ CAPS5 says: '-we @ CAPS1't @ CAPS2 on @ CAPS3, - but we tried to fight @ CAPS5. @ CAPS5 has been burning ever since worlds turned. ' @ CAPS5 is a song about Americans saying they don't @ CAPS1 cause panic and that sort of thing, but since the beginning of time @ CAPS5 already was. The song has inspired many famous singers you know @ CAPS4. Elvis @ CAPS6 is one of the many you should know. We should keep music out so that people like me who have been inspired can inspire others. Music helps the blind, heals the sick, and gives hope to Americans. Without mucis, it would be chaos. Finally, the films, where would we be without the films? We need movies, not just for our entertainment, but some of the best movies are historical events. Events that help us better understand and take a closer look at what happened in the past. For example the movie @ CAPS7 and @ LOCATION1, even the movie The @ CAPS8 @ CAPS9, they all help us imagine events that have happened and are very enjoyable but also very educational. We should keep the movies, there's no question in my mind. In conclusion, I hope I have created a clear message that you will take into consideration. We need books and music to inspire and electrify the world, and we don't need magazines. We all need a little inspiration in our downward spiral lives, and we need education. Not the kind we want to see but the kind we have to see. I hope I have had a positive impact on your thoughts and feelings.
There are too many people in the world to have only one opinion on one subject and nothing else. If a person knows something is unfair, they obviously need to tell the world about it, or they feel like their opinion doesn't matter. Take, for example, women's clothing. If you show a man a woman's item of clothing on a computer screen, he is likely to have only one or two opinions on that item of clothing. If you show a woman this same garment, she will have more than two opinions about the garment. This is how society operates today and it is not just because we were brought up that way; this is how we think and act. @ ORGANIZATION1 depicts a beautiful half dressed and made up like plaster. Many magazines and books, such as @ CAPS1 and modeling books, describe beauty as a thin stick and your clothes almost fall off your body. Many songs and movies tell you that being beautiful is outside. If you can find these magazines, books, and movies at your local bookstore, don't you think they could be two miles down the road at your local @ CAPS2 library ? Libraries aren't just for adults and teens. They are intended for people of all ages. Many people don't realize this, but in many libraries there are specific sections for teens. Young adult books and magazines shouldn't even be put in the teens section, only for the reason that there are topics in many young adult books that many teens haven't even started to yet. to discuss. If these books and magazines are put here for teens, don't you think a five year old might walk around the section, pull out a magazine, and wonder how the women in the commercials grew to be so beautiful? Like I said before, @ ORGANIZATION1 portrays people to look good, when everything is photoshopped. If a five year old can get his hands on books and magazines he shouldn't even know about, @ CAPS3 a library would keep them on its shelves. The thought that the five year old now has is "@ CAPS3 am I not so beautiful?" The @ CAPS4 image is key to how people view the company today. Model agencies, photographers, and even cheerleader trainers make girls feel like they are worthless because they are " too fat ", " too ugly " or " too small " to be a part of. of what they wanted to be all their life. Lots of women who @ CAPS8 starve themselves everyday just to maintain the "healthy weight" which is @ NUM1 pounds and you can see every rib of her body. Many books, magazines, and TV shows describe this as well. You can find them in libraries across the country. The @ CAPS1 magazine has articles on how to get lean. @ LOCATION1's @ CAPS6 @ CAPS7 @ CAPS8 TV show shows people that being tall and skinny as a stick is the way to go. Many training books tell you that being like @ PERSON1 is the best way to be. You can't tell a girl that she has to be a specific height and weight at a specific time. Women don't work like that. No one does. Many magazines, books, movies, and music tell you that, and it's not true. I think if libraries were to remove these types of material from their facilities, it would quickly drop the company's “ image @ CAPS4 ” rate. Many women and girls would not feel ugly or fat. They would love who they were and they wouldn't believe what another person said about them or what they look like. Being beautiful is not just outwardly. Anyone can have a beautiful heart and it will shine brighter than anything else.
Never went to the library and saw a book that was graphic for a certain section. When small children have entered the library, it seems they should stay away from this section. Well, censorship should be in libraries now someday. Many children see bad material at too young an age. Due to this, they @ MOIS1 have bad ideas and maybe lead them the wrong way in life. In libraries, there are a lot of overripe books for young children. They should have a restricted section in libraries that only people of age or with parental supervision can choose from books, movies, music, games and magazines from that section. For example, in video stores they have an adult section that only adults @ MONTH1 type in and not kids. Libraries should be the same, but not with the same material in video stores. Personally, I have seen children learn bad behavior from video games, movies, and certain books. Although these children are young, they don't know what is bad for them. So when these kids see the movie stars they envy and the video games they enjoy harming others, they realize the violence and do it themselves. Libraries must remove these books, movies, games, music and magazines from the shelves. If they don't, they should make sure that children can't get their hands on those materials that can affect judgment. So when you take a younger child to a library, come in with him and walk with him. It will save our next generation children from violence and all the other bad habits in those books, games, magazines and music. As long as there is no censorship in the libraries, our kids will see these behaviors and recreate them with other friends thinking it's okay to do so. Yes, again I am saying that censorship should be in the libraries of anything that belongs to certain age groups or if that is offensive. Do not allow young children to wander through libraries alone so that they may find material inappropriate for their age.
Books have been around for hundreds and hundreds of years. They have significant value in culture, lives and everything in between. We all see children laughing and enjoying books about cute ponies and little puppies. What we don't see is how books and magazines actually affect people of different race, religion, or age. We should take a stand and get rid of those bad books. Negative books, films and magazines should be taken off the shelves to avoid hurting feelings and ideas. We have learned to accept everyone, regardless of color. I remember in year @ NUM1 when a girl named @ PERSON1 was very upset because she thought a book made fun of her skin color. Everyone in the book was white and ruled out an African American girl from playing with them because she wasn't pretty enough. She went to tell the teacher and the teacher threw the book away and said we should all learn to treat everyone with respect no matter what they are like. We need to have more books like what the teacher was trying to teach us. To boost everyone's morale and make them feel better about themselves. The world has changed and so should books. Many things influence people of different ages, races or religions. Books that speak badly about other religions or make you guess your faith are considered negative and should be taken off the shelves. Would you like someone to belittle your religion? This is what a lot of people feel when they read this kind of material. These books, magazines, and films are not good for anyone and should not be found near libraries. Have you watched what your kids read or what movies they watch? Most children's books and movies have cute princesses and little mermaids, but not all of them. Behind some films or books, there is violence and bad scenes. When fight scenes happen and zombies attack, kids believe that everything is real and that it is okay to kill someone if they are mean. Boys think it's okay to hurt people because that's what happens in the movies. Girls believe that everything in a princess is perfect and flawless and in order to be a princess, they must also be perfect. Do we really want kids to think it's okay to fight and be upset because they're not perfect ? Libraries need to get rid of these books and films because it seriously influences the children of the world. Not all books are bad and not all are good, so we must divide and conquer. We need to take a closer look and really consider what needs to be taken off the shelves. The books, magazines, and movies that make people think differently about themselves have to be gone for good. Getting rid of those pounds that cause conflict in a person is like getting rid of a big burden. It can bring great improvement in both adults and children. Please remove negative books and films from the shelves to avoid unnecessary trouble!
Books @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 you are in a library with its many books that children decide to read and that @ MONTH1 does not suit their @ CAPS3. Many parents allow their children to read these types of books so that they get used to it now. But some books are not for children @ CAPS3. Children these days are more mature and knowledgeable and can read at higher levels. The children of @ CAPS4 go to the library where they look for a book that catches their eye. There are some books that have come out that shouldn't be out and that is my opinion. Most of the writers write on topics like sex, drugs, and other bad stuff. @ CAPS4 a kid looks at things like that, they get ideas about what the book is about and try the things they read. I'm not saying all kids read books and decide to try everything they read, but most will. Some children downplay certain things they hear, see, and even read. Children will always admire others, so whatever they see you doing they will try to do. I believe that things like books that children shouldn't read should be put away. Books should be removed from shelves and placed in places where only adults can obtain them. Just like video games, only a certain age group could play the game because of the things they do in the game. The things children see they soon try. They should also be where you grade a book like you grade movies, video games, and other stuff. Not all books are bad for kids @ CAPS3, but some are. I notice that many parents don't care what their children read as long as they read. People shouldn't think of it that way because there are a lot of cruel people in this world. I even saw on the news where it was an author who wrote a book about how he killed a lady. So many teenagers have read this book and found it interesting. And it even gave young boys ideas about killing people or girlfriends. This book should be in the hands of someone with a mature mind who really knows right from wrong. His parents in this world who would not allow their children to read books that contain bad things. Most parents find it offensive that bookstores or other places sell these kinds of books to their children. The things authors talk about in their books and what they include, no @ CAPS5 should read. Books that are unsuitable for certain age groups or contain inappropriate material should be removed from the shelves. But some people interpret the words differently and see them differently. Its many books in this world that most parents or grandparents hope their children or grandchildren will never remove from the shelves. But it's going to continue until someone speaks.
Sometimes the material we read in books is offensive. Books that are offensive should be watched as to who can see them. I believe that every parent has the right to supervise what the child reads. I also believe that censorship is sometimes a good thing. The material we find in books is not as much of a problem in our youth as anything else. The reason I say this is that young people today are not really worried about picking up a book and reading is as much as they are picking up a magazine, a cell phone, an iPod. or a computer. I believe magazines are worse than any book. Books are mostly reeds for knowledge, while magazines are mostly reeds for people to keep up with the latest trends. Magazines can get people to sign up for the next hottest band, singer, or rapper, whatever. The music you hear on the radio is filled with suggestive lyrics. Then people are drawn. Music has no rating unlike movies. Movies are a bit easier to control due to their ratings, but kids will always get there no matter what. This is where the Internet comes in. Most people have access to a computer. Children can spend hours on the Internet looking for things they cannot see. The Internet is also used for education. The Internet also opens the doors to video games. Kids can play with their friends all over the world now without leaving their room. They also play with a complete stranger. Some of the other players might be a bad influence for them as they were influenced by music, magazines, music etc which send the wrong message. No one can ever control what our young people see. The only way is to shut down our libraries and shut down the Internet. Even if we do this, he might still be missing.
A book or a movie doesn't make a difference in the huge library full of books and movies. Therefore, books, magazines or films should not be removed from the library shelf. They should not be deleted because some parents of children do not care what their children listen to or read. Only if they do what the parent says. Additionally, parents may think about their child a lot and think their child knows what books you want them to get or not get. Although, if you are one of those parents who not only care about what your children read or listen to, and realize that not every child knows what their parent wants, then you should talk about the principle of l school and see if there's a way you could come up with an area of the library that's just right for books that have the wrong kind of language or sex appeal that you don't want your kids to have, or read ever, or you can ask them for an authorization slip for students to ask their parents if they are interested in these types of books. Then there are kids who like to read these kind of books and would be very disappointed if their favorite books were taken off the shelf and they had nothing else to read but everyone in the school must have had his favorite book. books at school. If someone told me that the book turns their life into something unbearable. I would tell them it's not the book. The children chose to read the book first, so it would be their own decision if their lives changed. Lastly, this is the reason why books shouldn't be taken off the shelf because some people like them, and if you are one of the kids or parents who don't like them or don't want their kids to have them. are reading, then ask the librarian to make a note to say they are not out loud to check them
Author Katherine Paterson once commented, “We can all think of a book that we hope none of our children or other children have pulled off the shelves. But if I have the right to take this book off the shelf - this job that I hate - then you also have the exact same right and everyone else too. And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us ”. Many in society share Katherine's point of view, while some believe in strict library censorship. It is important not to infringe the rights of others, restrict freedom of expression or limit their knowledge. Therefore, I support his sentiment. If the material is considered inappropriate for children, or others for that matter, then censorship should be implemented in the home by the parents, and not by a public institution. America was founded on the need for freedom: freedom of speech, religion and the press. If we start to change that or limit the press that a library may or may not have, we are destroying the core values of a nation. Can we turn our backs on what our ancestors knew we were entitled to? Also, if we start pulling a few “ offensive ” books off the shelves, where do we draw the line ? Anyone can claim that almost any book is "offensive" in one way or another, that doesn't mean we should immediately remove it from the shelves of a major public institution. If you don't want to take my word for it, come back to histroy. What kind of civilization was @ LOCATION1 ? Not the one you want to live in, I guess. Almost no one would, and one of the things they controlled the most was personal freedom. They started off with the seemingly minor act of censoring books. First, it was just considered unsavory to have a book that they found offensive, in this case it was the work of the authors @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2- @ CAPS3 or @ CAPS4. Later, they started to burn these books and punish people for having them in their possession. If we are to live in a country, where a man has the rights he should have, then we cannot censor library books. This seemingly innocuous act could have far greater consequences than expected. Many families have different values that they want to pass on to their children, morals that they hope to teach them. The problem is that the boundaries and values of each family are unique; We can't just assume anything about families in general. I personally know a family that is very protective of what their children read, watch or listen to. On the other hand, I know a family which leaves more freedom to its children to choose what they read. What a group of parents wants to prevent their child from reading @ MONTH1 varies from another group of parents. If they find material that they don't want their children to read, then they should censor at home. They could start with a discussion of why the material is inappropriate and make the child responsible for obeying their parents. It helps parents become more involved in their children's lives and helps children develop personally with responsibility and respect. In the end, it all comes down to freedom. Do we want to live in a country with freedom of the press and the right to access it publicly. My answer is yes, and I think that is also the answer of my colleague @ CAPS5. We can't clearly draw the line between " offensive " and " okay " because we are all different. Therefore, we cannot lower our opinions on the public institution, but on the home. It is not fair to limit an entire society to what it has access to by virtue of one opinion.
Most people think of libraries as a safe place. However, it is often found that some libraries have offensive books as well as magazines on their shelves. Children who are interested in reading cannot pick up a book and pick up a novel @ CAPS1 with a naked lady on the cover. I think libraries need to have some sort of censorship not only on their shelves, but also on computers and movies. Let me explain further the reasons why libraries should have such limits. A library is a place to get away from it all and explore your mind in a fascinating way; by reading books! Now would you like to search for one of your favorite books and find an offensive image ? Nudity, swearing, and drugs are all offensive images I've seen in a library. It's not appealing to see an article about some kind of alcohol when it's right next to a children's magazine. What kind of message are we trying to send them? How good is it to get drunk or have sex and read on the magic school bus? I think there must be some sort of organization in place to help censor libraries. Since the media controls the Internet and most magazines, I think it would be a good idea to have them in our libraries. Libraries are a reading playground not only for our children, but also for our friends and family. We don't want our kids to get the wrong message when they read a book and choose an autobiography on @ PERSON1. Censorship needs to happen in our libraries and I think it should happen soon. I'm not saying go erase all the books you've already bought at one point because it's already in the past. Wherever you are, you cannot escape offensive gestures; but please keep it out of the library.
Want your kids to have bad images in their heads? Does everyone deserve to read or watch what they want? I firmly believe that these materials should be removed from libraries in most cases. Offensive material has no place in libraries. These materials are not good for children, offend people, and do not look good in the libraries that contain them. First, I believe there is absolutely no reason for a child to see explicit material. This material can create a very ambitious young child. If a child sees a magazine that contains pornography, he or she will think the material is acceptable. The truth is, this kid shouldn't know anything about it until he gets his parents' approval. I know from experience that most parents would not want one of their children to see this material for a very long time. I myself have had some disturbing experiences. Once when I was a young boy, I watched a horror movie from the local library without knowing what the movie was about. I made sure my parents weren't home when I looked at him. After about three minutes, I was terrified. The footage from the film stayed in my head for a good month. Children don't deserve to be afraid for that long. Then some library material contains certain things that offend random people. Large public libraries contain music with explicit lyrics. We as a society don't want our young people to hear the mean words in some of the rap songs that are released. Besides that, this music also offends many adults. Adults agree that there is no reason for a rap to be shown in a public place like a library. Music is a very great art, but when some abuse it, it no longer has a good image. I have observed that children who listen to rap at a very young age are more likely to end up failing. In addition, some specific magazines contain images that are offensive to people in our society. This idea relates to my first idea, but I will talk about part of it again. Images like blood can sometimes offend people of our generation. We don't need any of these. If offensive material were banned from libraries, our society would have eliminated one more problem that robs us of our good people. I have been offended by various magazine photos before. One day, when I have children, I will never let them go to certain sections of the library with this material. Finally, I want to address the fact that specific libraries can get a bad rap if they offer this material. Plus, employees will definitely go to a different library without the bad music and violent movies. Most adults who want their children to be successful and have a good creative mind will think twice before going to the library without censoring certain items. I've read that libraries with bad material are much less likely to attract clients than libraries with censorship. I know that if I were the manager of a public library, I would make sure that anything that might offend people would be removed immediately. Certainly a library shouldn't want this bad gossip circulating around town about the gravity of that specific library. Censorship is as necessary for libraries as flavor is for food. Shelves that hold inappropriate books, magazines, and music will only decrease their customer base. If you think this will only help libraries, I challenge you to give it a try. Everyone has their own opinions, but I am a firm believer in censorship in public and private libraries. Inappropriate books, magazines and music will only destroy the good reputation of a @ MONTH1 library. A library is a great place, but libraries without censorship are a complete disappointment. After all, it's your life, and you can choose how you want your kids to act. Disturbing materials will only have a negative effect on these miners. I hope to see the amount of censorship increase in libraries. If so, people will see a dramatic change in all of my ideas discussed.
As the quote from Katherine Paterson suggests, everyone is in fact entitled to remove books, movies, magazines, and other items from shelves if they are deemed offensive or inappropriate. However, it should be their decision and only theirs; no other parents coming together to achieve the desired results ; the removal of certain books. Nowadays, so much is considered offensive or inappropriate that it was not when previous generations read them. When parents read these things today, they think these articles are inappropriate when they thought they were appropriate when they were teenagers. Of course, in today's technological age, kids can get their hands on just about anything if they know how to do it. So if parents start censoring articles, there is an incentive or reason for them to read or listen to them; and disobey parents. They also receive unconventional or unwanted education. So if parents censor, kids have been given a plethora of reasons to go against their parents' wishes and read it or listen to it anyway. This is why parents should not censor what their children read, listen to or see, because they will eventually see it. Do you want that?
The subject of library censorship has increased in recent years. It was discussed by many people, but a decision was never made. I'm saying there shouldn't be library censorship. I wouldn't have found my love for reading if libraries were censored the way they are. I think there should be no censorship of libraries. It would violate our fundamental rights. Such as our right to freedom of expression. And our right to freedom of the press. We would no longer live in a free country but in a total earth state. However, if they put an age limit on certain things that @ MONTH1 would appeal to debaters. I think many would agree with this if this were offered. So if we did, children would only be able to read or listen to material appropriate for their age. Although it is parents who should censor what children read and listen to, not libraries. It is the parents who introduce children to music, magazines and books. If parents started censoring these materials from the start, this debate would not continue as it is. The subject of library censorship has been discussed and debated at an increasing rate in recent years. Some people want to censor our libraries although this is not the best choice. @ PERSON1 said "if we have the right to censor libraries, there will be no more books for any of us."
I don't believe that things like books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should be taken out of libraries. First, books can be used as monumental sources of learning for children, adolescents and adults. Just because a book talks about the deaths of @ CAPS1 and @ CAPS9 @ MONTH1 being a bit inappropriate for certain age groups, but not for teens and adults. The books also give a message about how the times were. Pick up a book that references slavery and what they used to call black @ CAPS9 at the time. Just because there are some frowned upon words that kids and @ CAPS9 shouldn't know and where it's from so that they don't pick on @ CAPS9 and they don't even know what the word means. Then movies now some movies shouldn't be released for certain age groups and I understand that but movies like @ CAPS2 and To @ CAPS3 a @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5 teach us our @ ORGANIZATION1 and how far we are upstarts in relation to segregation and disrespect for the other race. Plus, the movies give a more visual way of what things looked like so that we can kind of have an interactive way of seeing what things look like and how you can relate the book to the movie. Movies also make remarks, some say if we don't do anything about pollution, that's what's going to happen. So the movies are definitely a stay on my list. In addition, an important factor of @ CAPS6 and @ ORGANIZATION1 is the music. I got to see how bad some music can be, but also some artists have explained how really difficult it is where they come from and how the music is a getaway for them. Plus, music doesn't hurt anyone. We learn what the music was like in @ DATE1 and compare it to the music now. We also learn how music evolves from one thing to another, sort of creating itself. Music has the power to say things and communicate with @ CAPS9 and make statements that can only be made through music. For example, take someone giving a speech about how they feel or think. Now take that speech, put it into song form and I guarantee more of @ CAPS9 are capturing the message and taking it into account on how they might help the cause. Especially if it's by their favorite artist. Let's say your favorite artist is @ CAPS7 @ PERSON1, now wouldn't you rather listen to @ CAPS7 @ PERSON1 make a life or political statement rather than a song like @ ORGANIZATION2. So music definitely stays on the list because it has the power to move @ CAPS9, make you feel different things, and watch things you've never seen before. Finally, magazines, some magazines are just plain inappropriate. Now, I'm pretty sure you won't see these magazines on the shelves of a library, so no one should worry about that. Now some magazines like @ CAPS9 and @ CAPS10 @ CAPS11 are just here for fun and they don't hurt anyone because these are just pictures and honestly no kid would read the words of an interview with a famous person. Magazines are therefore harmless in a library and are only there to keep up to date with the news and let @ CAPS9 know if a new discovery has been made or what is happening in @ ORGANIZATION1. In conclusion, I don't think things like books, music, movies, and magazines should be taken off library shelves anywhere.
Something on the shelves of bookstores and other places can be very offensive. I think swearing in music and sex things can be offensive to women. I listen to music but I rate like that because I think it shouldn't be in music and books. Someday I think @ CAPS1.SA will be headed by a woman. @ CAPS3 is not mistaken. The woman has the same rights as @ CAPS2. @ CAPS3 it is some people who think that women are only slaves @ CAPS3, this is completely wrong. Woman and @ CAPS2 are the same no matter what people say. Katherine Paterson like the right idea though. It would be great if the law said that if you think something is offensive you should be able to take it off the shelf and throw it away, but some people would say something else because @ CAPS3 is a @ CAPS3 person who just cares of themselves and acted as they wanted so that they could act or feel better than they are. @ CAPS3 are kids who love to watch and browse magazines and see all these bad things they think these people are cool so they teach them how to act and do bad things which is why i think we should be able to take off the shelves @ CAPS3 was it a day when I was in @ CAPS4-mart just looking around and saw a magazine with a movie star holding her three kids. The magazine's title was Superstar. It really hurt to see these three kids on the cover because one day they @ MONTH1 won't be like @ CAPS3's parents and have all the money in the world. It @ MOIS1 seems really stupid these days that some people care so much, I really think deep down that's life and we all need to get over ourselves because we can't all be right and have all the same feelings for life. I've thought about this all my life because it seems like these days it's all about the money, what @ CAPS3 wears, and what kind of car or truck they drive. It sounds really silly but when I see someone driving a new car worth @ MONEY1 it really makes me think about how someone like the money for that car and everything in between.
Libraries. What can you find in libraries? Well, libraries contain more than books. They can have music, movies, magazines, books, and more. All things are not for one particular age. Libraries have things for people of all ages, although some don't like many of the material they contain. The library in my city has a certain place for children, adolescents, adults and for things classified @ CAPS1. Not everyone agrees with what should be aloud in a public space. Libraries try to make sure that everyone who comes finds something that might be of interest to them. Although some of the things they chose may be different from what the audience expects. When I go to the library I think I would mind if I saw something rated @ CAPS1. Although I think everyone should have the freedom to read, watch, listen and hear whatever they want. I think making places the kids can't go is a good way to let people get what they want and not expose it to the younger ones. Having these zones would help parents and children to feel much better about what they would hear or see in a library. What can be done about this problem? Even if it costs more at @ MONTH1 or is difficult to do for a library, I think building rooms for different age groups would be a good thing to do. If smaller kids see things like purplish, drugs, and sex, they @ MOIS1 think it's okay to do so. Most parents try to keep children away for these parts of the library, but not always succeed. So now I think building chambers for these areas is the right thing to do. Even though we all believe that different things should or shouldn't be seen in public, we can't stop them from being there. We could try to contain them where only people who would like to see them do. It would cost just a little more money than some are willing to spend, but if you think back to when you were a kid, would you have liked to see some of these things ? If you ever have kids, would you like them to see it? I hope not. So try to make the best choice when you find things inappropriate for the viewers.
As Katherine Paterson said, " We can all think of a book that we hope none of our children or other children have taken off the shelves ." I think we can all agree with @ CAPS2. We've all read something that we didn't necessarily want to finish or that we wish we hadn't read. However, I believe that these documents should not be taken off the shelves and put out of the reach of our young people or our adults. When you take away material that some people use to learn, you take away their ability to learn. Yes, they @ MONTH1 choose another book and learn from it too, but it shouldn't be our choice to dictate what they can and cannot read. Take for example the popular Internet video clip, "@ CAPS1 guys a hammer. @ CAPS2 is a video of two guys beating a homeless man to death with a hammer and screwdriver. I have never seen the movie @ CAPS2 and listening to my friends talk about it I don't want to. @ CAPS2 sounds like a horrible horrible music video that would scare me for life, but it's a perfect example for @ CAPS2 because what some don't want to learn, others can. I would never watch @ CAPS2 or something like @ CAPS2 but my friends who watched @ CAPS2 have learned something. This is what you should be successful in life because if you are homeless you could be beaten to death by teenagers looking to have fun. I'm not kidding, after hearing about @ CAPS2's sad video it inspired me to be successful and not become homeless. @ CAPS2 brings us back to the main point - did someone say, "No @ CAPS2 video cannot be on the Internet". none of my friends would have seen @ CAPS2 or told me about it. Therefore, I would not be led to be a good student and a good person. Then when I was older I would have become homeless and I would have been lucky enough to be the star in one of those videos. You can be sure it's not something that I want to be. In conclusion, I think we should not interfere with some people's right to learn. We shouldn't take away materials that can be used for learning, no matter how bad we think they are, because you never know, one man's pain is another's learning tool. man. If we removed all material that we felt was inappropriate or required censorship, we would be left with very little learning material. As Katherine Paterson said, " ... then we don't have any books on the shelves for any of us anymore ."
Coming from a teenager, offensive @ CAPS1 books, magazines, and movies should be picked up from a local library. A library is a place to relax and read. Most books and movies are filled with sex, gang violence, and drugs. In my generation, sex, violence and gang violence seem to be high risk everywhere. Books are meant to be about learning. Offensive books and movies create a bad habit in young children. These are the reasons why offensive films and magazines should be removed from our local libraries. Sex, gang violence, and drugs seem to pop up everywhere in my generation. Every time you open your magazine you find different topics, but they are all about sex, drugs, or violence. Children should never be exposed to this type of offensive behavior. You should be able to open a magazine and learn something new. Books are good for research paper and other school projects, but sometimes you can't find what you're looking for because of other topics. The reason you can't find what you're looking for is because every book or magazine you look at has the topic you don't want. As a teenager, every book I look at is always about sex or gang violence. If younger children are invited to read on bad topics, it will create a bad habit in that child. They say you are involved in what you read. One bad habit can lead to a lot of things like killing, smoking, and getting pregnant. That is why all parents should have kids advice out there. Being who I am, there should never be any offensive books, movies, and magazines in a local library. Offensive books and movies can cause a lot of problems. It gets kids where they need to be, and you won't be able to learn if you have too many bad habits. there should only be books and movies you can learn something about in your local library.
On @ CAPS1, I read an interesting @ CAPS2 the other day by Katherine Paterson an author. The @ CAPS2 said, "We can all think of a book that we hope none of our children or other children have taken off the shelves." But if I have the right to take this book off the shelf - the job I abhor - then you have exactly the same right and everyone else too. And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us. I believe that people should not be allowed to take material such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc. on the shelf of a library, or anywhere else these items are displayed. So I agree% @ NUM1 with Paterson because people have their own opinions. Some things @ MONTH1 are more offensive to different people than others. I observed people and I was all different, so why should we be thinking about this ? The answer is yes, they should be different. But it's pretty simple if you find a book, song, movie, or magazine that you find offensive or unpleasant, and then put it back, another person might find it interesting. I want to know what my constituents think about what Paterson said. I ask for your help to do so. I would like you to put the @ CAPS2 in the @ CAPS1 and hear what people have to say about it. Thank you for accepting my @ CAPS4. @ PERSON2
Most of us have had times when we are really in a book or magazine that we are reading, and all of a sudden we come across vulgar language, pictures or activities that are not suitable for us. Why did the author have to put this in the book? Why didn't the spine of the book tell me there was offensive behavior in that book? Why is this magazine in the library with unsafe images? It @ MONTH1 even makes some people no longer care about that specific author, or maybe persuade someone to stop visiting that library. Some documents in libraries need to be deleted. The number one reason why some library materials should be removed is that they are not suitable for children or even young adolescents. Let's say your child is at the library and picks up a book at random to check it out. As it turns out, the summary of the story on the back is actually about college kids partying and participating in illegal activities. Your child, on the other hand, doesn't read the summary and just wants the book based on the moral of the story, interesting cover, and reviews. If your child reads this book with vulgar language and illegal activities, you are probably going to be upset. The second reason why some material in libraries should be removed is that books and other material containing offensive material may be placed in bookstores, instead of the public library. In this case, parents may feel more satisfied with having their children read any document in the library. Adults and older teens can still have their material choices, they'll just have to take a trip to the bookstore to find what they need. They @ MONTH1 cannot check the items for free like in the library, but it will be safer for children and young teens. Not to mention people who respect their morals too much to read offensive material. The third reason why some material in libraries should be deleted is that the library should be ordered to indicate on the spine of the book, magazine, films, etc., in whatever manner it chooses, whether the book contains anything. thing that @ MONTH1 should be considered offensive to a reader. That way, if someone questions the book's summary, risky title, or cover illustration, they can go back to see if it will be tolerable for them. Libraries should remove certain documents from the shelves. This will create a more civil trip to the library. No longer worry about accidentally stumbling upon a phrase or chapter in a book that goes against someone's morals. Or flipping through the pages of a magazine and seeing a picture that offends you. Libraries will contain safe books for all ages, while bookstores may have the pleasure of having offensive material on their shelves. It's a win-win situation.
Should books that seem offensive to you be put off on their own ? I know that most people agree that it would be “ better ” for our children not to read or listen to certain things. But what if everything that we thought was wrong were taken away? I don't think we have the right to take a book off the shelves because of its contents. If I look at a certain book and think, “ The @ CAPS1 book offends me and my beliefs, ” then I just shouldn't be reading the book. Just because it's offensive to me doesn't mean it will offend someone else. Every book that has ever been written has an effect on someone, whether it is for the good or the bad. Does that mean they have the right to say "take them off the shelves ?" " I remember when I was in second grade, there were these girls in my class whose mother came to complain that my teacher was playing gospel music while we worked. The parent was extremely angry with the teacher, and at that point I didn't know why. Now I realize it was because they didn't believe what the lyrics of the song were saying. The teacher never played music in class again and was too afraid to play any other kind of music. Since everyone's views are different, by the time each person takes away the books that offended him, there would be no more books. As Katherine Paterson put it, " But if I have the right to take this book off the shelf - this job that I hate - then you have the exact same right and everyone else too." And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us. In conclusion, I firmly believe that books, whether they have offended someone or not, should be kept to themselves. Removing the book would not help at the start.
I think we should have offensive material on library shelves. People have their own ideas and opinions about offensive material like @ CAPS1 shouldn't be in libraries for kids to read or we should have offensive material because @ CAPS1 might help someone someday. Sometimes when people think of offensive material they think it is bad and not good to read or watch because @ CAPS1 does not treat people well. Then some offensive content like videos or movies can be a lot of fun and make the movie enjoyable to watch. Today I hear that offensive material can help high school students research a project, @ CAPS1 can also show us how offensive material was back in the past, and @ CAPS1 can also teach us more about the offending material. Today in our generation we do a lot of studies or projects for school, we do it to find out more about the subject. As a high school student, I would research the topic of offensive material. Why would you ask me to do this? Through researching this offensive material, you can find out more about @ CAPS1. Like where does @ CAPS1 come from, why people are offending, you could probably know more than you know and it's good to find out what you don't know. So if we remove the offending material, we will never know more about @ CAPS1 or where @ CAPS1 came from. It's good to still have books that are offensive material because you learn not to be offensive. Going to a library is fun and exciting because you can read all of these books. Well, when choosing a book you can choose the newest one or the one from the good old days. In this case, we have offensive material on the shelves of libraries. Let's just say you went to the library today and wanted to research an article on offensive material from the old days. Well, in the library they will have generations of books on offensive material. It provides us with offensive material in the good old days. So the library is a good thing to have that because we need to know what once happened. Everyone goes to a library to find out more about what they like to do or to read a great book. Well I know a lot of people who would like to know more about the offensive material. Material that is offensive to people is like a good book that you can read @ CAPS1 and learn more about. Some people think that learning too much is a bad thing, especially when @ CAPS1 is on offensive material. Learning too much is not even a discussion because people can learn whatever they want. If libraries remove offensive material, @ CAPS1 is like telling you about a good book. People can think what they want about offensive material. As I said before, if libraries take an offensive book away, it's like taking a good book from a reader. People need to educate themselves about offensive material, which is why we always have the books. If we didn't want to know about the offensive content why did they post all the books and videos on @ CAPS1. This is why I think we should have offensive material on the library shelves
Who is @ MONTH1 for : @ CAPS1 Do you take books off because someone might find them offensive ? Do you believe that racism is part of the literature? Libraries are considering removing books, music, movies, magazines, etc. of their inventory for censorship. They think that people might take offense at certain types of beliefs because of the different varieties of entertainment they have in their library. These types of entertainment should not be removed from public or private libraries. In many libraries, their inventory is suppressed for censorship. This means that books, magazines, movies, and music are removed as some people might find them offensive. People may disagree with certain beliefs about their lifestyle and what they believe. Literature can be described as an art that an individual represents in their own way. It has existed in the world since man first learned to write until today. It means that there were wars, politics, art and slavery. It's all part of literature, so literature is history in its own way. Some say offensive material should be taken out of libraries. they might think it should be removed from everywhere. It shouldn't. It's part of the story. @ CAPS1 you delete an era from history just because you find it offensive ? I know I wouldn't. He tells us what was happening at that precise moment. He tells us what was going on in that part of the world. He tells us what the opinions of the people were at that time. A lot of people think racism is bad, but we shouldn't believe that no one thought it was right. A lot of people thought it was fair. They might believe that white skin is superior to dark skin, but we have to respect their beliefs in return that they respect ours. Literature is important to society and its functioning. Without it, we wouldn't be where we are today. Literature must remain on the shelves of the libraries to which it belongs. Personal opinions are part of the books, and we must respect them. @ CAPS1 you want to be known for destroying an important part of history
A lot of people have different views and opinions on things. No opinion or point of view is right or wrong. Controversial books, music, and movies shouldn't be taken off the shelves because not everyone finds them offensive, people have a right to see them, and others can't make the decision for everyone. Everyone is entitled to their own views and opinions, but they cannot make others see things their own way. If someone was in a library and thought the series '@ CAPS1 @ CAPS2' was offensive, they might be the only one thinking. They can't tell the library to take them out because they're not comfortable with the books. Things are going by majority rule, and that person is not the majority. They are the only ones with the problem. Everyone has the right to see or listen to what they want, as long as it is legal. If someone finds a type of music that they find offensive, they can't ask the store to remove it. A person cannot change everything to meet their needs. They would make a lot of people unhappy if that kind of music was deleted. To make everyone happy, the person just couldn't listen to them. There is a huge choice of music that a person can listen to without feeling uncomfortable. One person cannot make the choices for everyone. The president does not even make the decisions himself; he has the government helping him. If a person feels that a magazine is inappropriate, they have no right to change it. They don't do it so they can't be the ones to change the magazine. It may be inappropriate, but other people like to read it. I believe everyone is entitled to their own opinions and views, but they shouldn't make everyone see it their own way. Books, music, movies, and magazines are some of the things people try to control because they are uncomfortable with the subject matter inside the material. Some things are inappropriate or offensive, but a person cannot change them. Not everyone will find this offensive, people have the right to see, watch or listen to whatever they want, and one person cannot make a choice for everyone.
Should someone's work classified as “ inappropriate ” or “ offensive ” be taken off a shelf and not be able to be sold or seen in stores ? If you believe it, do you think it is okay for activists who come forward for @ CAPS1 to be able to express their thoughts and opinions on various topics ? This is exactly what is done when someone writes an article or a book that they have published for distribution in stores or libraries. When someone writes a book about something, they are usually very interested in the topic they are discussing. Just like when @ CAPS2 activists introduce themselves to the public and announce which party they will be running for and what their beliefs and disbelief are. If it's okay for someone to take a book off the shelf, or even a magazine because people think the book is ' inappropriate ', maybe we should reconsider what activists are saying live @ CAPS3 . Even if you were to walk into a store and there were nude magazines on the shelves, or CDs with lyrics containing swear words, do you think they should be taken off the shelves as well? There is a time and a place where things like this should not be displayed. For example, when you go to a small children's store and things like this are presented to the kids, they won't forget what they saw or heard if they refer to the music. Children have excellent memories of things that should not be remembered. Like when they read a story and it includes someone robbing a bank, or a song about alcohol or drug use. When kids see or even hear things like this, they're more likely to try things that we hope little kids wouldn't. When someone spends months, if not years, writing a story, they hope they can get it published and be rewarded for their long, hard work. By doing that, they're trying to get it published and put it in the store for people to buy. Whether or not you're talking about music, movies, or books, it's the same. Things should be on display and people should be able to see all of the different types of music and stories available. If things were to be taken off the shelves or not on display, people would stop recording music, playing movies, or even writing commercials and books. When and if this were to happen, people will not be educated with the new data available. If there is no one to write science books or biographies, then no one will learn new things. Same thing with music and movies, if people spend a few months or even a year writing a new album, or coming up with an idea for a movie and they work hard to make it come true, they expect to spread it. to the public. If it's finally available and people have a chance to buy it, they hope it stays available. If it doesn't and people think the movie is " inappropriate " then the songwriters and actors probably don't want to start all over again. In conclusion, I think if someone writes something or records something that took a lot of work and time, they should be rewarded and allowed to sell their article. If someone thinks an item is " inappropriate " then they should keep their comments to themselves and not remove the item from display. There are people who like things that are not " appropriate " and they think it's funny. Certainly if the writer or producer has a book or a movie produced, they think it's good, and they think people will buy their product. So if the writer thinks that, surely there is someone who feels the same. How do we know if there is someone who agrees and likes the book or movie if it was taken off the shelf because someone thought the material was ' inappropriate '.
What if someone told you that you can't wear a yellow shirt because it's offensive? What if they said you can't look a certain way because you might offend someone? Not just one person or a group of people has the right to decide what is right and what is wrong. There are so many different religions and traditions across @ LOCATION2 that it would be utterly ridiculous to set a standard for everyone. If @ CAPS1 is not limited for clothing, groceries, or automobiles, why should there be limits in libraries ? Libraries should not be censored because not only would censorship limit library resources and stifle knowledge provision through @ LOCATION2, it would also pose a threat to our future. When you go to the library, you expect to find a book, magazine and / or movie about just about anything. It would be extremely frustrating to find that a library, which is supposed to contain content on almost any topic, doesn't have what you're looking for. Suppose you like a book about the @ PERSON1 murder, then ask the librarian where you might find it. You would be disappointed if she said they don't carry books on assassinations because they are too vulgar for young children. This could become of great concern and limit library resources. Not only would censorship in libraries limit content, it would also limit learning in @ LOCATION2 @ CAPS2 Are people supposed to stay informed if they are protected from knowledge ? Many people who do not have computers depend on the library. If they can't get what they need from the library, where would they go? Libraries would lose business and funding if they did not provide librarians with the content they want. People would take their things elsewhere. @ MONTH1 protests erupt and rebel citizens @ MONTH1 protest censorship, causing an uproar in society. The people would not be the only thing out of control. Censorship would certainly get out of hand as well. @ CAPS1 is already censored by news stations, radio and television broadcasts. Libraries are a place where endless knowledge is realistic and heartwarming for many @ CAPS1. In libraries, people choose what they learn: they are not forced teachers or parents. The @ MONTH1 censorship started out as a small intervention, but it could turn our nation upside down. Next thing we know, our decisions could be influenced by the books that only " them " decide are appropriate. What kind of society would we have then? Individuality would be lost and opinions would be forgotten. Clearly, censorship in libraries is dangerous and unpredictable. If libraries were centered, not only would the knowledge in @ LOCATION2 disintegrate, but the libraries would lose their respect and threaten the future of @ LOCATION1. Nobody tells me what to wear or what to say, so why should someone tell me what to read? We are all entitled to our own opinions and beliefs. Our @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5 has earned us our freedoms, we can't let censorship take them away
@ PERSON1 @ NUM1 @ DATE2, @ DATE1 @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 You should be able to read any book, listen to music and watch any movie, right ? Well, in some libraries this is not always the case. Some people find books, music, and movies offensive and not suitable for public libraries. In a public library, I think all books should be there for viewing! Books may contain more adult material, but that's okay. For books that are more inappropriate, the library should offer an adult section. Just for books which have more adult material and are not suitable for young readers. The person reviewing the book must make the final decision if they think the book they have selected is right for them. Music in libraries should not be censored. The lyrics may be inappropriate, but most teens listen to this type of music. For the youngest, they should not be able to consult a more adult @ CAPS3. In @ CAPS1's opinion, for more adult music you must be at least thirteen years old. Children under the age of thirteen should not be able to listen to this music. Some parents do not know what their child has borrowed from the library. The child should ask his parents to listen to any music if he is not of the required age. I think there are some movies that should be removed if they are found to be offensive. Some movies have horrible scenes that should be in the adult section. In a library, you wouldn't expect to find a movie with very mature material in it. In a movie rental store, you would expect to find adult movies, but not in a public library. Movies for children to watch should be educational, fun and, most importantly, appropriate ! Katherine Paterson says, “ We can all think of a book that we hope none of our children or other children have taken off the shelves ” that is absolutely correct. I wouldn't want @ CAPS1's little cousin to read books with racial comments and just report inappropriate content for a kid this age. Even if the child does not understand what all of the content means, they will be asking questions that the parent is unlikely to be ready to answer. As children, they can have a bad idea in mind and say things that are not right. In public libraries, books shouldn't be censored, movies should be censored, and music shouldn't be. It all comes down to what you allow your children to read, watch and listen to? It is a debate that has crossed several libraries on the content of the material. Now that you know @ CAPS1's opinion on censorship, maybe others will see this as an important topic too.
Freedom of speech is an important aspect of @ LOCATION1 and it is what has allowed our country to prosper for many years. In the constitution, it says there is freedom of the press, which means if something is written that might distress some people, then they have to take care of it. Some might say that some content is offensive, which it sometimes is. However, I don't think that books, magazines, etc. should be removed from the shelves due to the feelings of another person's thoughts. In @ LOCATION1 over the years things have gotten more exceptional in the media and in the books. The rights have always been there, but not fully exercised. There were fireworks, banned books and even people killed for their writings. For many years this lasted until @ LOCATION1 changed their thinking to a broader and more open perspective. Although it continues, I think it is very closed-minded. In some cases, people blamed books that had nothing to do with someone's murder, for the reason they committed murder. I think there is a limit to how you distribute certain books and magazines. They shouldn't be selling a book about death, poverty, or sex in a public school. We all have different things that we love to read and write about. So why should we be moved away because someone thinks it's offensive. I think no, if you don't like it put it down and let someone pick it up who will read it. With my own experience, I have seen bad people do what is expected of them, bad things. And they try to blame a book, story, or @ CAPS1 show that they've seen. It's just an easy way out of a situation. I have read and seen some very intense things in my life but does that make me want to do bad things, no! I know I can't speak for everyone when I say books, magazines, etc. are not harmful. But think of it like this, doesn't the person reading the stories sometimes think that they could learn from it and enjoy it rather than go out and do what the character did in the story ? Reading opens up new things, and it's scientifically proven to make you smarter in the long run. The more you read, the more awareness and knowledge you gain, and just because you read a book about something doesn't mean you support it. Maybe it could mean that you want to know more to understand it better.
Nowadays, kids can browse library shelves and find any kind of reading imaginable. Some age-appropriate magazines, books and films. Children can also reach these same shelves and find very inappropriate magazines, books and movies. Should we remove these inappropriate elements ? Can we somehow get the kids not to see them ? Children are very curious. They want to know everything and they will ask as many questions as possible. When they see inappropriate items on the library shelves, what do we do ? Libraries should not get rid of items that @ MONTH1 are inappropriate for children. Instead, there should be a rating system on books and magazines. Movies have ratings so kids won't see inappropriate things ; books should also have these ratings. If someone wants to check out something that is not suitable for children, then they can show the librarian their @ CAPS1. Anyone can check out what is right for their age. Libraries could even put all the most inappropriate items in a separate section of the library. This might be a section that the kids couldn't get into. Parents should also watch their children to make sure they don't get into anything inappropriate. The only censorship they should impose on libraries is to categorize articles by maturity. Children can look on the shelves, but we should put labels on what they can and cannot check. Parents could monitor what their children are trying to read. I believe this is the best we can do.
There are many libraries with many books, magazines, music, and movies. Some things in a library are inappropriate for children. The library therefore has a section for adults and a section for children. There should just be one children's library and then create another adult library. Then I also think they should take the bad things from the shelves in the libraries. So there are children's books and books for adults. In most libraries, I have seen that they have either an upper floor for adults and one downstairs for children. They also have toys there for the kids so if the parents want to go upstairs the kids can sit and play with the toys. Then I also think they should take the bad stuff off the shelves. Because what if a kid goes up with his mom or dad and opens a book and sees something very inappropriate ? So, they have to be taken off the shelves of a library, and if someone wants to buy them, they will have to go online or to the store and buy them. People who own the library or are in the library should take all the bad magazines, music, books, etc. from the shelf. It is a very bad thing to have in a public place, and it should not be aloud. Public libraries should take all the inappropriate things off the shelf
Libraries have books, magazines, movies, etc. The library is a wonderful place to read in a quiet location. It can also be an offensive place for some people. They think they can complain and ride a bike, but should all of these activities be taken off the library shelves ? But who owns the opinion anyway. If I found an offensive book, movie, or magazine on a shelf in a library, I would just leave it. Apparently that's not a bad thing because if it was, they wouldn't have it on a shelf. So if I got offensive, I wouldn't look at it or pick it up. I mean, it's that easy. A library is full of everything you would like to enjoy. Many different people like different books and movies to read and watch, which means the library has the right to put whatever they want @ MONTH1. Even if it is offensive to some people. With my experiences in a library, nothing seemed offensive to me. I'm the kind of person who doesn't care. However, I have seen so many books that the author laughs at the folks at @ CAPS1. Additionally, @ CAPS2 saw a book the author wrote about black people and the way they were treated and part of the book contains @ PERSON1 which is a major racism for black people. It might be an unfair situation for some people who have children with them and an inappropriate book is on the shelf and they see it. It could be offensive to children and parents. Or it could even be in a magazine. But why should magazines and other books be taken off the shelves when it is not to everyone's benefit ? If the librarians removed all the offending books from the shelves, there wouldn't be any left. Everyone has different things that can offend them. If you don't like the way the book is, you can take it to your friend and they can read it or you can just put it back in the library. You can also talk to the head of the library and let them know about the problem with the offensive he has launched on you. Books, movies, magizines and ect are all in a library. They may or may not be offensive. If you think they are, don't watch and read it. It's that easy to get it or not to do it
If we remove all the books that we think shouldn't be on the shelves. What would there be to read? So many books contain so much detail to give us a vivid picture of what we are reading. Even sometimes, the books we think are good to read end up having a surprise that no one saw coming. I don't think we should have to delete books, music, movies, etc., just because they are deemed offensive to some people. Instead of removing books that other people like to read, we should rate books like we do movies and music. Or put books that some people find offensive in their own right. If all books were classified as movies, we would know exactly what we are buying or checking out. Movies are categorized according to the language and content they contain. The books should be the same. Or if someone were to find an offensive book or magazine, it should be placed in a different location with a label indicating that it might be offensive to others. I don't think they should just be pulled out and sidelined. I think having books that are too offensive should be put on its own shelves. By doing this, people would know that children should not be allowed to come near them because they have been tagged. And like movies rated '@ CAPS1', a minor must be with an adult. But with the books, you should be found with your own choice at the age of @ NUM1. In my opinion, this would be a great idea to do and should be done. There are a bunch of books I can think of that would not be suitable for young children. Still, little kids love to read and could easily pull a book off the shelf if they wanted to. Many parents complain about what their children read, watch or listen to every day. Labage would be a great way to have a bit of control over what they hear and see each day. I think many parents would agree with my opinion and support it. I'm not saying throw out the books, music, movies, etc. offensive, but tag them so others know what they are going to read or see. I think that would be a great way to make sure our kids don't read the things that we as parents wouldn't want them to read or check.
Dear Journal @ CAPS1, I recently finished reading a quote from the great author, Katherine Paterson, and her feelings about some type of material used in books. For example, some @ CAPS1 @ MONTH1 may be offended by a certain type of language used in books. Others @ MONTH1 just feel the pictures aren't quite appropriate. That being said, I think if there is a certain material presented in a book that you feel uncomfortable with, you should just choose another book instead. My belief is that many authors believe that a book is a place where they can write their thoughts and beliefs about things that are happening in this world. Authors should not be denied the opportunity to write a book just because of the way they express their feelings. @ CAPS1 shouldn't be allowed to give a hateful opinion just because they don't like a book. In my opinion, no one is forcing them to read it. Now, I'm not saying I'm a great read. In fact, I barely read, but when I start reading I sometimes can't wait to keep reading. The way the authors describe things, even sometimes with profanity, is just amazing. You can actually feel that you are part of the book. Now my point is that although for many @ CAPS1 a @ MONTH1 book is horrible but for others @ MONTH1 is the best book in the world. So if you start removing books from the shelves, you'll end up with nothing but a huge empty bookshelf. There is no book out there that is what we would consider, 'The Perfect Book.' The @ CAPS2 book can receive a nasty comment, but again, the @ CAPS2 book can receive the best comments as well. This world is too big to start choosing. My beliefs will not be the same as yours, but this is how I feel and this is how I will continue to feel. So tell me, what is your belief then?
Have you ever gone to a library and found that some books aren't exactly the best choice for young children? Well, I'm about to write a persuasive essay explaining what I think is best for young children to read. I have been to several libraries and found that some books, magazines, and movies are way too extreme for kids to read / watch. I personally believe that children who are no older than @ CAPS5 should not be exposed to any books, movies, or magazines that are rated @ CAPS1 or @ CAPS2 @ NUM1. Children shouldn't have to know what adult movies, books or magazines should look like at age @ NUM2. What I think kids should watch or read are movies and books @ CAPS2. Some of you are probably thinking " but it's not like we're going to find out what that means ". @ CAPS4 if the kids don't know what something means, it certainly won't stop them from saying it. Children learn by hands or by watching other things. They will end up asking what that means or mom what that word means. No parent is ready to tell their child at age three what a four letter word means. If you are one of the few parents who doesn't know how to explain things to your child, this is when you can pull out the older books / movies. But don't let them read it for themselves. Usually kids will start asking questions about more adult things when the age reaches @ CAPS5 and up. This is when you as parents can start letting them read and watch older movies and books. Twelve years old is still a pretty young age for a child who reads and watches older movies on his own. This is when you, as the parent, can sit down next to them and explain what is going on. As a child, we admire our parents. We learn by seeing what you do. It is exactly the same as reading and watching movies that are pretty extreme for us when we are ten years old. By the age of sixteen kids are usually doing very well, they know what to expect. They know what's going on and they know how to deal with it. In conclusion, I think books, magazines, and movies rated @ CAPS1 should be kept above the age of one - @ CAPS5. I think kids will be better informed about the things they need to know by the time middle school begins. Then once they reach high school, they will already know what it is to become an adult.
Many books, films and magazines are designed for different age groups of adults and children. I agree that some books are not suitable for some children. Is it fair for some parents to ban books in schools and libraries? Authors create books and stories because they like the idea, and students can write whatever we want on paper because it's what we want, it's called freedom. Schools can try to be creative and have a way to only allow books to be given to appropriate age groups. Books are a big part of student learning. Parents need to learn and understand, no matter how much they dislike @ CAPS1 they can @ CAPS1 protect their children from the world one day they will be moved out of the home to support themselves. How would children and teens even know how to live or what and how to react to hearing a swear word or watching sex on @ CAPS1.V. If the students never know how they will live. Books can learn in many ways. There are some things that a teenager might experience that a parent might not want to talk about with their child. Maybe the family can '@ CAPS1 afford to buy a public library pass. So the only other option is the books from the school library. If students can '@ CAPS1 have access to then what is the option for them ? Everyone knows how today's society is changing, if a student wants to learn more about sex or @ ORGANIZATION1 they should be able to do so if age is appropriate. All libraries are picking up books, so the book is under a name. I know in our school the students come in and take the books instead of checking them out, but some students still use the map and check the book. If schools had books that are only intended for a certain age group, a solution to get older students to view them and that only the right age could be, the books would be in a locked case. Thus, for the student to unlock and check the book, he has an electronic key to unlock the books for the age group in which he is found. When the student unlocks the book and goes to check it, the computer knows which books that specific student can get. Books are very important for learning and all books should stay and not be blocked by parents.
Censorship in libraries? In my opinion, I don't care if books, movies or magazines are censored. I'm not the type to read a lot, but I do know of books, magazines, and movies that are full of treachery. In my opinion, this is just the way the author wanted to do it. I believe libraries should keep this type of material on the shelves but have it in sections maybe. Removing them from the shelves would be disrespectful to the authors / producers. It's their job and they took the time to do it for our entertainment! Maybe you really don't like all the curses in books and magazines and want them to go away ... well listen, there are heaps and heaps of books that you can find that are not bad ! If you're more of the movie genre but don't like swearing or nudity either, there are plenty of very innocent movies out there! I hate it when I sit down to watch a movie with the family and all of a sudden the actors start tossing the word @ CAPS1 and half-naked women appear. But if we just read the movie on the back of the box or ask questions about it, we would know how to choose a different movie. One that is more family oriented and safe for children's eyes. So just because there are documents out there containing all kinds of avian languages and indecent human behavior, doesn't mean you should ban them from libraries. If some people want to fill their minds with filth, let them do it. But for you who don't, get yourself some other stuff. Just try to tell others about the best books they can read and the best movies to watch. Be a role model and teach them healthier viewings
Censorship in libraries today is a major problem. There are groups that support and challenge these ideas of censoring our children's books and other media. Do you think it's fair for someone else to decide what we can and can't read ? Personally, I think we should be able to make our own choices about whether or not a book or movie is too indecent to read. As human beings, we have the capacity to make our own decisions. Every day we are faced with hundreds of decisions; whether it's the outfit we are going to wear for the day or the type of food we want to eat. In this sense, no one can tell us that we cannot do these things, so why should they be allowed to tell us what we can or cannot read ? What @ MONTH1 seems vulgar to someone may not seem so offensive to another individual. Everyone has a different taste for the media. This is why it is wrong for someone to make decisions about what to watch or read for someone else. What they think is wrong @ MONTH1 is quite normal for the person they are making the decision for. Censorship of media for children should be the responsibility of parents. If a parent does not want their child to be exposed to a certain piece of media, then that parent should not allow their child to see or read it. Everyone has their own opinion on things, which is what makes us human individuals. The ability to make and process decisions is one of the greatest talents of the human race. These decisions should never be left to someone sitting in an office at @ LOCATION1. When government makes decisions that affect us personally, do we still really have the freedom? When TV censorship is called into question, I think that's why we have ratings. These notes alert people to the content included, whether graphic or not. With these in place, there is no reason why we should remove any shows or movies from audiences altogether. I think the same should be done for books. Books should be required to have an age appropriate rating on them. If you are not of the age required to purchase or collect a book, you will be rejected and cannot obtain the book. Reviews have worked with TV and movies, so why can't they work for books ? In some cases, some media should be destroyed and hidden from the public. Media which is racist towards any ethnicity or religion should be banned. In doing so, I think the only effects it will have on society will be positive. Censorship these guys or movies, books, ect. can save a lot of injured or embarrassed people. I believe that we should be allowed to choose the books, shows or movies that we read or watch. This includes all forms of media, excluding any media which causes racism and hatred against a group of people. The decisions we make should be influenced by a rating system in place for all media. As human beings, we have the birthright to make our own decisions. This right should never be taken away from us
I don't think people should be allowed to do this. Just like Katherine Paterson had said, if people deleted anything that offended them, there wouldn't be any books left for any of us. Everyone has the choice of whether or not to read the book. If they don't want to, they don't have to. Just because one person doesn't like something doesn't mean everyone else. Honestly, there are people who take offense at everything, and if they don't like the book or anything @ MONTH1, they don't have to read it. I find a lot of people saying things that offend me, but that doesn't mean I have the right to stop them from talking. However, I agree that there should be certain standards set for some of the books out there. Some books are too graphic to be read by young children, and I think you have to be a certain age to be able to read them. But, I don't think that just because they're graphics, they should be taken off the shelves. Maybe the book gets across a very delicate point, like the book '@ CAPS1', for example. In this book, a young girl is raped very hard. But, the author didn't write the book to tell everyone about his experience. She wrote the book to explain that no matter what, there is always something that can help. This book was a success story, and the graphic detail is there to show the agony that the young girl went through. Some might find this offensive, but most find it edifying to know that they are not the only ones who have been through this. Books aren't the only things that might offend some people. In some department stores there is @ MONTH1 a movie that has a line that I take offensively. Does that give me the right to take it off the market and demand that it be banned? No, and why could that be? Because I have a choice if I want to watch it or not. Another place is @ CAPS2. If you ask me, there is a lot more offensive stuff about @ CAPS2 than there is in the books. Kids can get on @ CAPS2 and stumble upon things they absolutely shouldn't see, so does that mean we should ban @ CAPS2 ? No, because the @ CAPS2 is also useful in several ways. If I wanted to, I could find offense in anything in a library. Books based on religion, or maybe a website based on a musician who had references to drugs in his lyrics. I would be angry if I came to the library to listen to music and someone removed them from the computer. Maybe I don't like what they're listening to, but that doesn't mean I can do anything about it. So my opinion is that the books, or anything for that matter, shouldn't be banned because someone didn't like what was in them. Not everyone will like the same book, and that is why there is such a variety to choose from. Libraries should not be told which books they can and cannot lend. After all, we don't have to do anything. We are all different and we like different things, but we have to accept the tastes of others as well as our own.
Books, music, and movies are being pulled from shelves around the world because they are deemed offensive. Books, movies, and music were created for a reason. It is a form of entertainment as well as acquiring knowledge. Artists, authors and publishers publish their work to make their voice known and heard, it is their freedom of expression. Books, magazines, music, and movies should not be removed from shelves if they are found to be offensive. Censorship in libraries simply hides certain things from society. If all the books on @ CAPS1 were banned and no one could read them, no one would be told about the horrible event and it could easily be reintroduced. The majority of films and books contain relevant information, describe events that might or did take place, and teach valuable lessons. Artists and writers use their work to convey points to their audiences, whether it's a useful lesson or learning or interesting information. People shouldn't be allowed to pull things off the shelves like they do. The material we read, the music we listen to and the movies we watch should be our decision to make. It shouldn't be decided by others who want to take it off the shelves. If someone finds the material offensive, they should take their own steps to please themselves, such as choosing not to expose themselves or their family to the material. Banning things from the public takes away the ability for people to engage in things that interest them. Some content might be banned for something as simple as a word, phrase, or even a thought provoking. The book '@ CAPS2 @ CAPS3's @ CAPS4' had several occurrences of the curse, but the book told a true story of an event that can happen to anyone. It also indirectly included that families can be torn apart if you let them be, but the choice is yours and you can prevent it from happening. Little things like language shouldn't cause material to be pulled from shelves where people who appreciate it can't get it. Katherine Paterson's quote is correct, if we could just take things off the shelves, there would be nothing left for us. Most materials contain something that someone won't agree with, but if we keep getting rid of certain things, what's the point of creating new materials. There will always be the problem of finding offensive material, but no one should have the right to ban it from everyone. Materials around the world are being pulled from shelves due to offensive materials, but they were created for a reason. Not only is it for entertainment, but it is also for knowledge. Artists, authors and publishers publish their work for information so that others can hear their voice, it is their freedom of expression.
Has your child ever brought home a book? A piece of music, a movie or a magazine? Have you ever thought that the information your child brought home could be offensive to someone else ? There are times when there is no answer to this question and you don't want to choose yes or no. The main question is whether you want to take books, music, movies, and magazines off the shelf just because a parent thinks it's not appropriate for a child to read. Katherine Paterson said, “We can all think of a book that we hope none of our children or other children have taken off the shelf. But if I have the right to take this book off the shelf, which I hate at work, then you have the exact same right and everyone else too. And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us. The point @ CAPS1 of this quote is that if you take a book off the shelf every time someone doesn't think kids are allowed to see it, there won't be any more books to see. Agreeing with Katherine, parents @ MONTH1 want the best for their children, but there are reasons why you should agree with the average parent and then there are reasons why you shouldn't. There are books in the world that only adults should see, and there are also books that are far too advanced for children to read. These books are all made for a reason and have their own purpose for which they are put there. Parents have to sit down and think about their kids, then think about the rest of the world, it's a big world and you can't just take things away from it. No matter how much you want to protect a child to the point of seeing the books intended for the older age groups, there is no way to stop it. I think the books are there for some reason they were written. There is no reason that just because a person disagrees with the way someone wrote this book, it should be taken off the shelf just for that child. Libraries can't just start taking books off the shelves for individual mothers who don't like this or don't like that. A lot of people come from different walks of life and see things from a different perspective, they don't know the difference between right and wrong. It's a world bigger than you and me. When a person tries to stand up against the world, he is going to be overthrown. So why fight when the world was supposed to be at peace?
I don't think censorship of books and movies is necessary in my opinion. A lot of people are just too protective. They just need to calm down and face the facts. Eventually, everyone will come into contact with almost anything that is mentioned in the books at some point in their life. Life is unpredictable and anything can happen at any time. You will probably end up reading the books that you are not supposed to read anyway as you get older. People who think there should be censorship on library books are likely to succeed at least in their community. I think libraries should be organized so that when you walk in you know which section you want to be in. They should have adult books in one section, teenage books in another section, and children's books in another. library section too. This would help parents who accompany their children to keep them in the right place. It would also help find your book if you know what type of book it is. Another good thing that would help in a library are signs that categorize books. So if you are browsing the teen section and looking for a good mystery book. Just look at the top of the bookcase or the ceiling where the panels are. This would primarily help people who have never been to a library or who don't know how to find their book in a library. The next thing would be to have all the movies, magazines, and music in the adult, kids, and teens categories as well. They would be in the sections of the books but at the same time separated where the signs in the section indicate film and music. This way, kids don't have to wander around to find a certain movie they want and have to wander around the adult section to find it. Movies and magazines don't have to be exactly in the mystery categories and things like that because normally movies are better known than books these days. A good thing that would keep little kids in the right section would be coloring it with lots of bright colors that will grab their attention. If a little kid walks into a boring, boring section, @ MONTH1 just wanders around the adult section and stumbles upon something his parents don't want him to do. The kids section could be multiple colors, the teen section could be one color, and the adult section could be the dullest of all the colors. All of my ideas would work and keep all the kids entertained. They will also be more interested in reading if they wish to walk through a library. These are the only ideas I have that work well. There could be more things that would keep the kids interested, but only for a little while
To Delete or Not to Delete Should people be able to delete offensive books ? I think so; it would help our children and young adults read more educational books than magazines and comics. For starters, everyone has their own opinion of what is offensive and what is not. personally I do not think that the books should be deleted, because it is offensive; I think we just shouldn't let this particular person stop publishing books. But it's like saying that everyone has their own opinion. Second, it is entirely up to the library to place certain books with blood and blood, and whether or not to have them. personally I like books with blood and gore; because it shows how the world is auccualy. It's not like a book where you save the princess or the damsel in distress. Finally, if parents are concerned about offensive books, don't let your kids get those kind of books, give them a boring book. I mean we know the books kids aren't supposed to read, but parents let kids read them. In conclusion, if you think a book is offensive, don't pick it up and take it off the shelf because there is always someone you disagree with.
I don't think library censorship is a good thing. For many reasons, but to save time, here are some of the reasons why I believe this, there would be no more books for anyone to read, if some books were taken off the shelf we would not have not knowing about them, and our children wouldn't know what others might be thinking. By the end of this essay, one can understand the pros and cons of censorship in libraries. @ CAPS6 many books are missing? If we all took away a book that we found offensive, our children and other children would not be able to read. Removing a book that is offensive by no one leaves no book in a library. What one person @ MONTH1 finds offensive, another person might find rather enjoyable. Some of my friends think '@ CAPS1' is an offensive novel, but I found the book quite enjoyable. On the other hand, we also need to understand that there are things that just shouldn't be made public. @ CAPS6 would we get as much knowledge as we have ? Without all the books in our @ CAPS6 libraries, would people have the knowledge they need to make great discoveries in science, history and electronics ? People would be lost if we didn't have our books. Books give people great knowledge and a great place to learn @ CAPS6 to do things. I myself learned @ CAPS6 to become a bestselling novel @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 from @ CAPS4 which I pulled out of 'A @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3's @ CAPS4 for @ CAPS5.' @ CAPS6 Would other people's ideas be heard around the world without books in our libraries ? Those offensive books can also be of great help when doing a research paper or just trying to find something to talk about with friends at school or at work. Without the books we have in the library, people would not be able to understand what other people think about certain ideas on politics and other issues of everyday life. Books help people come up with ideas for making things and be creative in everything they do. The ideas that a person expresses in their writing are a great place to find a spark of the imagination when a person needs something to not think about personal issues. A life without books? Censorship is a good thing and a bad thing in libraries, I myself do not find it appropriate on the one hand, but on the other hand it can be taken from a whole different perspective. People who want to use it don't understand that other people might pull out the books that they themselves like to read in their spare time, nor do they understand all the knowledge we get from books, even if they are from books. fiction, and finally, without the books we have, no one would know what someone is thinking in any other park in the world. Most people who want censorship in libraries don't understand what would happen if we had the power to take all a book off the shelves. You could understand both sides of the coin here, but we need to step back and think about what life would be like without our books.
There are many books, music, movies, and magazines around the world. Some are humorous, historical, or romantic, but some are offensive in one way or another. People @ MONTH1 are offended when they read or listen to certain things, but does that mean these things need to be taken off the shelf ? Some people @ MONTH1 find something offensive when another person doesn't. Therefore, music, books, movies or magazines should not be removed from the shelves. If a person thinks a song should be taken off the shelf and deleted, what about the person who didn't find it offensive ? People are entitled to their own thoughts and feelings, but that doesn't mean one person's feelings are better than another's. If everyone was trying to make everyone happy, there wouldn't be a lot of options to choose from in the library. If one person finds something offensive in a book, another person can find another that is offensive, and this continues until there are no more books. With entertainment, it's hard to please everyone. No matter what it is, there will always be at least one person who doesn't like it. However, that doesn't mean it needs to be taken off the shelves. If one person finds it offensive, there's probably someone else who doesn't. People who don't find something offensive also want to be satisfied. It's impossible to please everyone, so what should you do? If someone finds something offensive, they shouldn't read or listen to it. People can choose to stop listening to a song, watching a movie, or reading a book or magazine that they @ MONTH1 find offensive. They have the right and the freedom to ignore it. This way, the person who is not offended can still enjoy their entertainment choices at the library. If I find something offensive, I try not to pay attention to it. There are a lot of books or songs that I find offensive, so I just steer clear of them. By avoiding these books or songs, I am not offending anyone by taking away something that they might enjoy. I am always satisfied and so are they. Library workers know what they are doing. If the library takes a book away because some people find it offensive, then they might offend those who didn't find it offensive by essentially saying that their morals are better than yours. A library should put out a book or magazine if it is necessary, but not to appeal to certain customers because then they do not please other customers and may offend them. People have the right to express their feelings, but that doesn't mean that they are always right and that some things need to be changed because of them. It is impossible to satisfy everyone completely, but there are tradeoffs. Libraries shouldn't take things off their shelves but should offer more options that won't be offensive, and people should avoid things they find offensive.
Libraries have always been an exceptional source of information. Among the myriad of ingenious materials provided by libraries are books, films and magazines. Recently, the debate over whether libraries should censor offensive material has caused quite a stir. Many parents argue that they don't want their children exposed to explicit materials, especially books, on display in public libraries. Others responded to this statement by saying that if every book deemed offensive was taken off the shelves, the shelves would be nearly empty. Author Katherine Paterson said, " We can all think of a book that we hope none of our kids took off the shelves - that job I hate - then you have the exact same right and everyone else too." . And then we don't have any more books on the shelves for any of us ”(Katherine Paterson). Offensive books should not be removed from libraries for the simple reason that they remain one of the most trusted sources of historical information and events, and without books society would suffer. The most important reason why people shouldn't be allowed to remove shocking books from shelves is that if everyone was allowed to remove a book they found shocking, there wouldn't be many books left on the shelves of people. libraries. . There are many historical books that contain offensive images and content, but people should ignore this because these books are stories of our history. Without them, society would forget the past events that shaped and shaped our world into the world it is today. A further important reason for the censorship of libraries is wrong is that the material that a person finds offensive @ @ month1 month1 is not for another. Each person has their own perspective on certain topics and events. For this reason, the censorship of a certain book should not be reduced to the opinion of an individual. Rather, the decision to remove a certain book from the library shelves should come from the opinion of a large group of individuals. In so doing, a fair representation of @ CAPS1, most books are intended to tell fictional stories or historical events which are not meant to offend anyone. Fiction books are meant to fill the mind of the reader with stories and mental images of a story created by the author. Additionally, historical books are meant to capture events from our past so that people @ MONTH1 can remember those events now and in the future. Overall, the idea of censoring libraries is a negative proposition. The books were meant to provide historical narratives and fictional stories to enrich the minds of readers, not to poison them with bad content. Everyone has their own opinions, which is why people should learn to respect the opinions of different books, no matter how offensive the @MO11 material is to them.
Do you believe that a book or some form of literature should be taken out of a library just because someone takes it wrong ? No, it should not be deleted. This person clearly should not be reading the book or letting their children read the book. They have a problem with the book, not everyone if the book was good enough to publish it means someone wants to read the book which means they would bother others who want the book because of their own opinion. In the words of famous author Katherine Paterson, she says, “ Anyone can think of a book that we hope none of your children or children have taken off the shelves. But if I have the right to take this book off the shelf - this job that I hate - then you also have the exact same right and everyone else too. And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us. @ CAPS1, by that she means everyone has their own opinion on every item that comes into stores and libraries. If we let everyone choose to remove these materials from the shelves, then we might as well not have books, music, movies, magazines, etc. because someone somewhere still won't like the material. If anyone finds something offensive, they should just steer clear of it. Everyone has their own take on everything they encounter, which means if you hate something, your neighbor might like it. So just because boo or some other form of material offends you, that doesn't mean it's worth taking off the shelves of libraries and bookstores. Don't get me wrong, I believe in some form of censorship. I just don't believe people take their opinion and choose whether a certain piece of literature or music can be in our libraries. I just believe that our libraries are a place where authors can express themselves and share their books, novels, poems, etc. I believe if something is offensive to you which is your opinion and there is an easier way not to hav your kids read the book than to take the book away, don't bring the book to your kids, stay away from it. book as much as possible. If you meet him @ MONTH1 just don't recognize him. Your children are more likely to be in a car accident than to read an inappropriate book only if you teach them correctly, not to sound harsh, but to bring out the truth. That's why I don't believe in censorship in libraries or bookstores
Dear Sir or Mom, Have you or a member of your family ever read a book, magazine or watched a movie that was considered offensive ? Do you or that person think it would make a difference if that book, that book, or that movie was taken off the shelves ? Would removing every book, CD, movie or magazine from shelves that was to contain a large or small amount of racism, violence, foul language and other inappropriate things help the community ? Do you think it's up to everyone to decide whether or not these things should be taken off the shelves ? I believe a lot of people in our community have read a book in their lifetime that they found in the least offensive to them. I bet people all over the world have read offensive books. But the only types of people that those books, movies, or magazines would affect would be teens and children. But back then they wouldn't see it as offensive, they would think it was cool and interesting and they would want to read it or watch it over and over again until they got bored of it, then they would go back to the library. and get another one. I think somehow it wouldn't make a difference whether or not they got off the shelves. Because if only that book, movie, or magazine were taken off the shelves, the person who took it would leave that book, magazine, or movie and find a lot more that would be more or just as offensive. If everyone deleted every book they found offensive, other people who liked them wouldn't be able to get it. If everyone found all kinds of offensive books, movies or magazines and had them taken off the shelves there would be little left for the community. In conclusion, I believe that each individual has their own opinion and their own way of thinking when it comes to what is offensive and what is not. I think it's not just up to them to decide what should be on the shelves of a library, but the choice of the community. If someone wants a good book, magazine, or movie, they should ask a friend or family member for suggestions on what they should get. If they can't get any suggestions on what to get, they should just ignore the offending parts.
Have you ever wanted something taken off the shelves of a library because you thought it was offensive ? If so, how did you handle the situation and what did you want to do about it ? I know in my experiences I have found things that were offensive so I'm sure they exist. I think there are so many rules, qualifications, or standards that can give someone a reason to take something off a shelf, and these might be different for everyone. If you were in a children's library or a school library, I'm sure most people would agree that any book with language, situations, opinions, etc. offending should be removed from the shelves. Now, if you were in a public library in the teenage or adult section and those same books that were not suitable for the children's library are in the teenage or adult section, that might qualify. The audience is different; therefore, the types of literature, music, movies, etc. can be more opinionated, mature and controversial. Part of why something should come off a shelf depends on who is going to read or listen to it. In my opinion, the line is thin on what can be considered too controversial or too mature. @ CAPS1 is one of the reasons I think there should be censorship because some things are definitely too controversial or mature. Although I also think there should be some guidelines, and maybe rules, on what should be allowed on the shelves and what shouldn't because some things can be borderline, but depending on what that it is, it can be, for example, a learning tool or a great read. As Katherine Paterson put it, " But if I have the right to take this book off the shelf - this job that I hate - then you have the exact same right and everyone else too." " @ CAPS1 is why I think there should be guidelines or rules. If everyone had the right to remove something from a shelf, there might be nothing left to read or listen to. Different things are offensive to different people. If there were any rules or guidelines, it would ensure that there would always be things to read and listen to in the future. I think there should be censorship in libraries. Some works are just too shocking and need to be taken off the shelves. I think it would be appropriate for certain rules to be developed or for certain guidelines to be created. As Paterson said, " we can all think of a book that we hope none of our children or other children have taken off the shelves ."
Today in our time we have books, music, movies, and magazines that say or show material that young children and teens shouldn't see at their age. I am writing to your news organization to tell you that I think censorship should be more involved in libraries. It should be a warning label on magazines, movies, music, etc. that the parent must sign before indicating : “ @ CAPS1 the child can see or hear the displayed material. " In this center, we Organization1 and @ @ @ ORGANIZATION2 CAPS2 @ CAPS3 emissions showing of violence, sexual content, alcohol and drugs. It is almost impossible to keep all children away from these things, but we should at least try to do so. There are shows on @ ORGANIZATION2 @ CAPS2 that now show teenage pregnancies, and they insist to viewers that it's okay to have children without being married, or even in a relationship with the person. . The @ ORGANIZATION1 shows now show things like stealing from stores and the actor or actress gets away with the price without consequence. They also have violence and unnecessary language. I know from @ CAPS1's own experience looking at @ ORGANIZATION2 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS1 dad walked into the @ CAPS1 room and told me to turn it off. That they shouldn't be allowed to do something that they show viewers. I know that when I am married and have children, I will keep the children of @ CAPS1 away from certain documents for as long as possible until they are old enough to understand and know what you have to do in the situation. Some of the languages they use, such as " retard ", I find offensive. In the @ CAPS1 option, censorship in libraries and in households has really gone down. Some parents have no idea what their child might be looking at behind closed doors. A good parent would make sure that the material their child is viewing is appropriate for their age. Even the books have sexual touch and language. When I have children, I will make sure they read materials that are suitable for them. Magazines these days are even worse. Calling @ CAPS7 '@ CAPS6 @ CAPS7' for a reason, and young teens pick it up from the convenience store shelves and read it. Most of the music you hear on the radio contains offensive words, refers to sexual activity, or sings about alcohol or drugs. Parents need to be more involved in the lives of their children and in what they read or see. I'm not saying all material should be taken off the shelves because some movies or reading materials send good messages to children and teens. I'm just concerned about some things that people can get so easily without any censorship. Hope you read this essay and really take it into consideration. I hope to have some news soon. Thank you for your time
I think some material should be removed from libraries if they are offensive. Children should not be allowed to read books containing inappropriate pictures. Censored material can have bad influences on children. Horror movies can give children nightmares. There should be restrictions against offensive materials. Libraries contain a lot of books, music, movies and magazines for everyone. Libraries also contain offensive material. Offensive material should be removed from libraries. Children don't need to see inappropriate material in libraries. Inappropriate material can have a bad influence on children. Censored content such as offensive language, smoking and alcohol has an extremely harmful influence on children. Children don't need to swear words. Smoking can lead to cancer or death. Alcohol is also addictive and can make a person violent. Children should not be able to see these inappropriate items in libraries. Horror movies can give children nightmares. When I was a kid I saw a horror movie and couldn't even sleep that night. Inappropriate films should be classified so that children do not watch them. Children believe most of what they watch in movies. Children should be prohibited from viewing films. There are a lot of materials in libraries that should be censored by children. Bad influences can have a bad effect on children. I believe libraries should restrict items that will have a bad influence on children.
Parents are responsible for their child, whether it's taking them to school, making sure their grades are good, or even watching what their child is reading. Libraries should not remove books, magazines, films, etc. " Offensive ". It's the parents' responsibility, it's the library. The library is a place to go when you want to buy a book, movie or magazine, etc. Whether for fun or for research. This book has been specially placed in the library for someone to read. If we removed all the material from the library that some people they thought were offensive, then there wouldn't be many books left in the library. Who should choose if the books were offensive anyway? What if an adult or mature teenager went to the library to look for a book and they weren't there because they had taken it off the shelves because parents couldn't watch their child choose a book? Or even teach them that these books are bogus. Parents have full responsibility if their child reads something that does not suit them. How would the library know which books to take off the shelf because all parents have different ideas about what is right and wrong. If the child is young, the parent will be the one to take their child to the library, so that they can easily watch whatever book, magazine or movie they choose. Most libraries have a children's section anyway. It is not the library's responsibility to look after your child, it is the parents. Their job is to provide the community with books, movies, magazines, etc. Libraries should keep books on the shelves so that people everywhere can enjoy any book they would like to read.
Some people don't like the fact that there are books on the shelves that they consider offensive. People argue to get corrupted books, magazines, and movies off the shelves. Customers have the option of not checking the material, it is not up to them to try to get the object off the shelf. People who go to the library have a choice of whether to read the book or not, if they have heard bad reviews about the book, they can just ignore it. Books on public library shelves are there for a reason, and they shouldn't be taken out just because some people don't care. The reasons may be that the book goes against religious beliefs, or just the way these people see things, but that still doesn't give them the right to take the book off the shelf. Everyone has different tastes and tastes when it comes to books. Just because a book doesn't live up to one person's standards, that doesn't mean it doesn't meet another person's. Beliefs and norms differ from person to person, which is why book appreciation is different for almost everyone. Most people worry about their children reading books that they find offensive. If your child is looking for books to read and chooses one of the books that you don't want him to read, tell him the book is inappropriate. The child will probably listen to you and hand the book back, this is a much better technique than trying to take the book away. Removing a book from the shelf is completely unfair to other people visiting the library. Everyone should have the right to read what they want and have the choice to ignore the books they choose not to read. When you are looking for a book, magazine, movie, etc., and you come across one that you find inappropriate, ignore it and get on with your day, it is that easy
It was during class @ CAPS1 that we visited the library to look at various books. One of them, which my teacher chose, was '@ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 Right @ CAPS5' by @ PERSON2. The book had been written during the domestic service and was filled with ideas about the submission of women and their dedication to the home. I found this book very offensive simply because I viewed it from a modern point of view. Nowadays, it would be considered sexist to assume that women should stay home and take care of the house while men work outside the home. Just because it was a literary work with which I did not agree that it is not a valued work. Some materials should not be removed from libraries if they are found to be offensive. There is such a wide variety of people searching in the library, so it's almost impossible to find a certain material that no one finds offensive. Materials should not be allowed to be censored for this reason. The materials found in the library are a form of expression for the individual who created them or for society as a whole. Censorship of these works would be considered a violation of freedom of expression. People of all ages browse the library for books, music or magazines. Each of these people has a different belief. What is considered a work of art to one person may be considered very offensive to another. If libraries started censoring their books, the result would be a small selection of dull, emotionless material. People visit the library to find material that interests them, or look around to broaden their interests. Libraries must contain a wide variety of materials to satisfy this knowledge. The job of a library is to educate the people who enter it. A good form of education is exposure to different types of materials. Sometimes the offensive nature of a novel is what makes it good. This gets the reader to think about the author's goal. “ The @ CAPS6 of @ ORGANIZATION1 ” by @ PERSON3 has been considered very offensive work for a long time. It incorporated the issue of slavery when many people were not ready to face it. As a result, this book was banned from libraries and schools. Now it is considered one of the most famous works in literature @ CAPS7. This example proves that material that is considered offensive should not automatically have its value reduced. “ And then we don't have any more books on the shelves for any of us, ” as Katherine Paterson put it, is an accurate description of the result of a library censoring its documents. Part of what does a good job is its ability to spark controversy among its readers. Removing the controversy will remove an aspect of education with it, which is basically the main purpose of a library
I think @ CAPS4 is allowed to have books even if they are considered offensive, because for some people these books are not considered offensive. People shouldn't be bothered by the contents of books. The way I see @ CAPS4 is, if the book offends you, then don't read @ CAPS4. There's no reason to have a big tantrum over a book, which some people don't think is offensive. I agree that books that are offensive are bad, but again that's why you have the choice of @ CAPS1 not to open @ CAPS4. @ CAPS4 would be easier to find certain things if @ CAPS1 had a library for everything. Like, for example, music. if we had a library for @ CAPS1 music, @ CAPS4 would be easier to narrow down and find exactly what you are looking for. Same thing with movies and magazines. The only problem with this solution is the economic expense. Back to basics. I've never come across an offensive book, and if I did, I would just hand @ CAPS1 @ CAPS4 again. Why offer a good book to many people @ CAPS1 because one person might think @ CAPS4 is offensive ? Most libraries have labels for certain books anyway. If you know what kind of book you're looking for, @ CAPS4 shouldn't be offensive. Books are a good thing and aren't meant to be bad. Books are for entertainment and pleasure, and they should not be found to be offensive. I already said @ CAPS4 and I will say @ CAPS4 again. If you find an offensive @ CAPS1 book, put @ CAPS4 back on the shelf and let @ CAPS4 be. Music, on the other hand, is offensive to a lot of people. I mean let's face it @ CAPS4, we all have a type of music that we love and a type of music that we hate. There are a lot of offensive songs out there, which personally shouldn't exist, and putting @ CAPS4 in the libraries is even worse. Music is a persuasive thing, and if a kid walks into a library and takes an attractive @ CAPS2, @ CAPS4 might be bad. This @ CAPS2 might have everything to get high on @ CAPS4, which persuades kids to do them, and no one wants their kids to take drugs. I'm saying if you find anything offensive that should be taken out of the libraries, the music from @ CAPS4, not the books. I pretty much said everything that needed to be said. books are books, they are offensive to some people, and to some people they are not. Ultimately @ CAPS4 is all about opinion
I believe if there are any books, music, movies or magazines that offend you. People should not be able to disarm this material in the store. If these are kids they worry about, just teach them to stay away from the adult section. Also, some people don't like foul language, but that's their opinion. That we wouldn't have any more material in the library if everyone had the right to disarm offensive material. " And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for us " (Paterson). If these are your kids, you're worried about seeing censorship in libraries, but you don't mind if they stay in the kids' section reading books. You can just have a day that you want to go on your own so that you don't have to worry about your kids being censored. Before checking the material, go through it, make sure there is nothing offensive to your child. A lot of people don't like foul language but, that's the opinion. I don't mind because it gives the book a little flavor and it's more interesting. Helps you understand how the reader feels about someone or something. Sometimes it helps to show what mood the reader has in the story. Finally, if everyone had the right to disarm all offensive material, we would have nothing left. It could affect people's education and reading skills. Part of this material is people's hobby that they could no longer do what they love. "We can all think of a book that we hope none of our children or other children have taken off the shelf" (Paterson). It's an easy fix, just teach your kids right and wrong. Would you prefer your children to have a good education or not know how to read? A lot of people don't like foul language, but it could make the book better. I don't know what I would do if there were no more books. Well, these are examples of why people shouldn't be allowed to disarm off-the-shelf material if it offends them. What would you do if something that you love was taken away from you?
Delete certain books, music, movies, magazines, etc. is a serious question to ask. Well, some think it's a good idea, some don't. If you ask me for my opinion, I would be okay with not deleting certain books, movies, music, etc. One of the many reasons I think we shouldn't delete them is that everyone is entitled to their own opinion. Some @ MONTH1 find a book offensive, on the other hand, some @ MONTH1 find it fascinating and not at all offensive. If the person thinks the book is offensive, they just shouldn't read it. She shouldn't have to bundle books, music, movies, etc. just because some find it offensive. Well, other @ MONTHS1 find things offensive that the other person doesn't have. We all have our own beliefs and we should be free to express them, as long as it doesn't involve breaking the laws. Another reason why I agree with not deleting some books, movies, etc., is because we may not have any more. As I said before, we all have our own opinions. Not everyone will say a book, etc. do not offend them. We shouldn't have to take some items. But on the other hand, I think we should restrict certain books, movements, music, etc. If a book, movie, etc., seems too complicated for a child to understand, then he or she should not be able to read, watch, etc., the article. We have to classify things according to knowledge, understanding and maturity. I also believe that we all have the right to believe what we want to believe. Just like we all have choices. I can agree with some of the arguments other people have made for removing certain books, movies, etc., but the main idea is to do what's best for everyone. I don't see that deleting every book, movie, music, etc., will solve all the problems. In fact, I really believe it would make matters worse. These would be arguments about what to remove and what not to remove. In conclusion, I think we should keep the libraries as they are. It would make things less complicated. It would also be the best choice. I\
At @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 there ever was a @ CAPS3 a movie you wanted to see, but due to the graphics of the movie you weren't out loud to see it ? Many parents or young adults think @ CAPS1 movies are a good thing. What they don't know is that if something is @ CAPS1, it's just going to make the kid want to check it out more. First of all, if the kids want to see it enough, they'll just sneak around or get a copy from the internet, which is illegal. I remember when I @ CAPS3 younger, my friends and I always wanted to go see movies rated @ CAPS4. So we would have asked our parents to drop us off. When we got home the parents would ask us what we had seen, we would lie and say we had seen the new movie @ CAPS5 @ CAPS6. Therefore, kids will get in trouble for a stupid thing. Second, if you think your child shouldn't watch a movie because of your religious beliefs, then you and your child should have a discussion. Statistics show that the more openly children can talk to their parents and come to an agreement, the less the child will lie and hide behind their parents. Many parents agree that if they get the chance to preview the film, they will decide whether it is appropriate for their child to watch it. In many cases, this works very well for parents and children, because if the adult gives permission for the child to visit, then the parent and child will have something to say when they return home. the House. Finally, I think movies shouldn't be censored. Because movies aren't really that bad, your kid will end up seeing it somehow. Whether in a friends house on the Internet, or going to the theater. What harm could it do to see him now. So in conclusion to my statements. To know that your child will see this movie, wouldn't it be okay not to censor it. "We can all think of a book that we hope none of our kids or other kids have taken off the shelves, that job I hate, so you have the exact same right too and everyone else too." and then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us. as said by Katherine Paterson is true. Could you imagine living in a @ CAPS1 world ? I know I can't. So do you think you are for or against censorship? Would you like your child to lie to you about where he was going or what he saw ? i know i wouldn't
There are all kinds of different people in the world. People with different views on things, people with strong opinions, people who are very outspoken and mature and many of these people are the authors of the hundreds of books that fill our school libraries. Some schools censor certain school books because they think the tone or message is inappropriate or too violent, but I believe we have a right to these books. In my opinion, no book should be censored from the library. We have troops fighting for our freedom of the press and our freedom of speech and the censorship of books completely ignores these wonderful freedoms that our country has given us. In my first year we read a book called '@ CAPS1 @ NUM1' and before reading it our teacher explained a bit about it. She said the book was about how one company banned the books as if they were drugs or something that could hurt us. Now apparently a school didn't like the idea of a society banning all books, so they banned their children from reading this book. Now if you actually read this book, they show how weird and crazy it would be if all books were banned, but here we are banning a book about banned books! Does that make any sense ? To be honest by the time you're in high school you've probably seen, heard, and done crazier things than what people put in the "forbidden books." Now I know there are people who would say that just because you do things you shouldn't be doing in the first place @ CAPS2 doesn't mean you read all the time and fill your head with ideas about that, and I agree on some level because most of the stuff high school kids do, they shouldn't, but that's life, outright. In my opinion, high school kids are really mature enough to deal with offensive language or scenes of violence because I'm sure they see worse things on TV or sometimes in their own homes. A good friend of mine is @ NUM2 years old, has two jobs, her own apartment with her boyfriend, and is not supported by either parent. Now this girl is still in high school and has good grades and is obviously very mature for her age, but even she is not allowed to read a book with offensive language. I think our society “baby” us a bit too much because when we step into the real world things won't be censored or kept quiet. I think high schools @ CAPS2 are putting these books in libraries because it might help some kids to grow up and become more mature. When we step into the workplace after college and start our lives with careers, homes, and families, we @ MONTH1 are too immature to deal with it and I know people who are ! Censored books are just a way to keep life quiet for some people and never let kids grow up and go through things. We are entitled to these books just as the people who write them are entitled to do so. If they can publish them, then we should be able to read them regardless of our age.
Inappropriate magazines within the reach of children?!? “ @ CAPS1 is just not correct, ” says reporter @ PERSON1, “ I think magazines, books, and other profanity should be out of the reach of children and should only be discussed when chosen by one. adult ”. Libraries today need to supervise children when they are looking in the library. If kids see something they want without a guardian they shouldn't get it, it's that simple. While books may seem inappropriate to some people, they shouldn't be taken off the shelves because older books help kids learn what happened in the early days, they teach them some of the ways we are now using and show real stories about people. in modern times. For example, some of the books on @ ORGANIZATION1 associate some people with abrasiveness and mockery, but it just shows what happened long before there were any laws against racism. The books on @ NUM1 are also provocative to some people because they lost a loved one during the bombing, the books teach children that not everyone is nice and that cruel things happen to some good people. Books about people's lives are also in libraries talking about what happened to them when they were children or how their parents died of cancer, the books teach children that the results can be good or bad. Some entertainment is not intended for children to see, for example, pornography and provocative language. Pornography is considered entertainment for adults, but often times it's just something that can scare young children if they don't know what's really going on. Also, provocative language in a book or on a CD is not something children should listen to. However, they must learn that if they hear these words, they must know not to say them so that they do not get into trouble with their parents. It is believed that history books are useful as children grow older. Most of the time, that's okay, around @ PERCENT1 of children digest the information and use it to help them. However, there are @ PERCENT2 kids out there who will just think of the information they are told as good things. @ ORGANIZATION2 didn't just wake up one day and said I'm going to bomb @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4. His devious plans and intelligent mastery took a long time to plan. People @ MONTH1 object to children learning certain things about history, but I think it is necessary for every child to understand. Everyone needs to know the ups and downs of their country and the others around them. The kids @ MONTH1 don't understand what is wrong with the economy yet, but they will soon learn when they are adults why people are complaining so much. Books about this stuff @ MONTH1 are offensive to some people, but over time books are used for many things, we are still learning about people from hundreds of years ago. Children will soon learn about the harsh conditions and why things happen. Without the books and videos, the future will never know what happened. Lots of young people @ MONTH1 change the words in the books, but the books will always have what really happened. @ CAPS1 why I think libraries should keep books on the shelves, just out of the reach of children
Reading is very important to children these days. Libraries should have the right to have any type of text, film, magazine or genre of music that a student wishes to be inspired by. There is no type of book that can be considered offensive in any way to people these days. There are exceptions to this, however, like any book written to specifically target a race, religion, or gender. Such as books written by delusional racist fanatics like the members of @ ORGANIZATION2 or @ CAPS1- @ CAPS2. Being a high school student and having a nice library in my school, I learned a lot from the books in my library. In my @ CAPS6 years of @ CAPS4, I have never seen a book or heard of anyone who has seen a book that has offended them. I can assure you that there isn't a book in @ CAPS7 that would offend me personally, however that doesn't mean that there are books that will offend some people. Reading books is fun for me and I wouldn't want to miss a good book because a library doesn't hold it because there is a risk that someone somewhere will be offended by that book. Reading should not be limited based on content, as there is always someone looking for this book for a good read. I've heard of people who got angry because there was a nude photo in an art book. Seriously? An art book? Art is what it is. Art has had people naked for thousands of years. Why should he start offending people now when he wasn't offending people back then ? People are just weird these days, I guess. There are some movies that should definitely be taken off the library shelves, like porn for example. Porn should never, under any circumstances, be kept in a library. There are special places for porn like the internet. Music is another story, however. Music should not be removed from libraries as some people cannot afford to buy music for places like @ LOCATION1, iTunes or @ CAPS3. Music has so many genres that it's impossible to know what should and shouldn't be in the library, and there are so many different types of people listening to different types of music in @ CAPS7 and it would be wrong to tell some group of people that their music is too heavy or too rappy for the library. Listening to music in the library is another story, however, you definitely shouldn't be allowed to listen to your music in the library or at least not be allowed to have it loud enough for everyone to hear it. I don't read magazines, but I know enough about them to know that they should and shouldn't be allowed into a library. Magazines like '@ CAPS4' and '@ ORGANIZATION1' should definitely be allowed in a library as they are the learning center of magazines. However, there are magazines that should not be allowed in a library like '@ CAPS5' and other porn magazines as well as magazines like '@ CAPS6' which are magazines that target young girls to make them think they are. 'they should be perfect like the models in the pictures. These are the types of magazines that force young girls to dress scantily and inappropriately and cause girls to vomit in order to stay skinny. There are certainly things that should be kept out of libraries, but one book, or one movie, or one genre of music, or one type of magazine shouldn't exclude them all. A problem shouldn't make it a problem. Libraries are a place people go to escape, like things like @ CAPS7 from @ CAPS8 and other video games. People should be allowed to go to a lab with the intention of getting something, and they should be able to get what they came for.
What @ CAPS1, @ CAPS1 is what made this country what we are today ! There are many ways that people can express themselves in today's world, and it turns out that the art of writing acting and the art plays a big role in how people speak out. Because we are all different and have different views on the subject. I'm not going to preach to you what's right and what isn't. I'm just going to share some past experiences. Now all the theaters had just been in a library. Some of them in smaller towns, others in the heart of a big city. There is even the story of a man and a woman, in the suburbs of a big city. It is also amazing to see what is excepted in different parts of our country. Well it all started when I was sitting at a little table at the back of the library @ LOCATION1. It was a small group of friends and we were all working on our research papers. But then we seen a man and a woman, which I promised as a husband and wife. They were looking at the magazines on the shelf directly in front of us. As he picked up a @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 magazine, she turned to him and proclaimed, this is so contemptuous of the woman. So he put it down and left. As I walked around what was so bad about this magazine, I walked over to the rack to see a woman standing in her underwear with a classic car. About a month later, I was walking through my local library dropping off books for my mom. Immediately upon opening the door, I hear people having a heated conversation about the painting they had hung on the back wall in the adult section. That was of a woman with her breast exposed, now notice it wasn't a modern painting, it was rather old, with the paint slowly peeling off . Now this painting had been there for many years without anyone saying anything and that was the point made by the head librarian. There were a lot of people in the area where it was happening, and many of them weren't even willing to hear what the woman had to say, as the painting turned out to be very famous and has been around since before. part of the middle old people could find their way around. As you can see, there are many different views on what is excluded in modern times. Advertising is everywhere and many magazines are using people's bodies to attract people to their advertising so that they can try to sell their product. I believe there should be a line drawn when it comes to this kind of advertising. They @ MONTHS1 have to agree that each magazine will say if it has the type of adult content like this. if they were to make it law, they should put it right on the cover so you know if you photograph this magazine you might see things like that. Even though this is a painting from before @ DATE1 and people have grown up in the same area for years and have seen this painting from a young age, I don't think the painting should have been removed from the wall. There is a fine line when it comes to information that is exseptable or not, which is why I think there should be some sort of rating system with the book and so on.
@ PERSON1 says we will all share and then never return @ CAPS4. Also, we can't all get what we want at the same time or not at all. If this book is popular, they should buy more to sell to other people who don't have the book and would like to have @ CAPS4. Of course, sharing is better than wasting your money on something when someone has the book you know and would let you browse @ CAPS4. And yes, we all know that most people these days generally don't share. To tell you the truth, you don't always get what you want. Forget @ CAPS4. Yes @ PERSON2 has a @ CAPS1 but to tell you the truth, everyone has their own opinion. We don't all need to listen to what other people say, but if you agree with that person, then you agree. Like I said, everyone has their own opinion and I said mine. Kind of like '@ CAPS1 OF @ CAPS2.' No, I don't believe that books, music, etc. should be taken off the shelves because @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 is stupid you will lose your job and @ CAPS5 people around the world need something to do @ CAPS6 !? I don't read, I mostly listen to music because I think music is more interesting and entertaining for me than reading a book. I mean, yeah, I read articles in magazines, but like I said, I mostly listen to music. Reading a book is mostly like someone telling you a story about something or something. So, for me, the @ CAPS7 book is in front of @ CAPS7 opposite @ NUM1. '@ CAPS7 life' @ CAPS8 later in @ CAPS7 life i will be interested in reading a book, but now i enjoy @ CAPS7 life as a teenager. So basically I'm telling you the opinion of @ CAPS7 and I think @ CAPS4 is completely stupid to have been rated for it because everyone has their own opinion just saying. You can agree or disagree, but for this @ CAPS4 mostly disagree
I am writing this essay to persuade members of our local library to use better censorship when putting on the shelves inappropriate material for members of our community. In this essay, I will reflect my take on this topic, supported by real facts that I have learned from many past experiences. I believe there is a large amount of reading material on the children's section of our libraries which is far too advanced for many young children to understand. I myself have reviewed many books in the children's section of many libraries. In doing so, I have noticed that most of the material in this section is far too advanced or too deep for children to absorb. Young children need to read more fantastic books so that they can use their imaginations more and not let their heads fill with thoughts of war and disaster. Children who read today need more material than they understand, and not so much material that they cannot understand. Let's get fitter about ourselves from our library and stop wasting our money on unsuitable books. Coming to the conclusion of this article, I hope I have persuaded readers to understand the point I am trying to make. I hope my readers will take the information I have given and put it into practice.
Libraries are community centers. Children and adults alike go to libraries to find new books that could give them new experiences and information. If libraries removed books because they were inappropriate or offensive, then young adults and adults would never benefit from these new experiences. Libraries need all kinds of books to make them a qualified library. If libraries censor their books, other materials could start to disappear as well. Most young adults read books about adventure, mystery, or love. A person might find a mystery book with a serial killer for a main character offense, but you can't rewrite the book for a person; Also, remove this book completely from the shelf. This book is a public good. If the library has removed this mysterious book from the shelf, then the library is taking away the experience of another young adult reading it. The thoughts of a teenager ignore the thoughts of other teenagers. Libraries that remove offensive or inappropriate books could trick other multi-billion dollar industries into second guessing their work. The film industry, for example. The movie industry can guess at the directors or actors / actresses they hire. Actors and actresses have a great influence on many adolescents and children. Imagine if a child's favorite actor disappeared from future films ; this child would find himself without a model. The effects of book and magazine censorship go far beyond libraries. The musical artist could also be affected. Rappers curse and swear in their music because that's how they express their opinions and personal experiences. For example, @ ORGANIZATION1, a famous rapper. He curses in his music because that's how he shows his emotion at an event. If music publishers didn't publish him because his work is offensive, then he would lose his job and his career. This is how people in today's society make a living; by providing entertainment to other people. Libraries do not have the right to take books from other children and adults. Authors know what they are writing. They write it because it shows emotions and feelings. It's the same with musical artists and screenwriters. If the movies were all about unicorns, the movie industry would quickly collapse. Libraries as a whole need to think about the big picture before putting out books, experiences, thoughts and hard work
Raded @ CAPS1 for @ CAPS2, violence and some nudity. This kind of movie shouldn't be on just any kind of shelf. It is inappropriate for children to see or even read what the film case says. There shouldn't be a movie or magazine with nude photos. It's bad for kids to see or here because one day a little boy / girl is going to do something they see in a movie or magazine and get in trouble. It's just wrong to see other people naked if you ask me. The only person I want to see this way is my wife in a decade or so. But I don't want to watch a movie and see a naked woman. The thing about the nest is violence. Man, I just wish guns weren't made up or bombs weren't. Because I have lost a lot of friends to guns. I lost about six cousins in the war when a bomb struck the region. More and more people are going out and buying guns and bombs because of the movies and what people are saying in books and magazines. People get guns names and what they look like in movies and magazines and get them and get bombs on the black market. People have these ideas because of the movies. Finally, @ CAPS2 is the main reason children have problems in schools. They learned it from the movies mainly because the actor speaks the words. Now the children know how to say them. Sitcs say kids say and do what their favorite actor says and dose on and off air. My conclusion says that anything to do with violence should be taken off the shelves
Throughout history, many books have been written during a time in history when their beliefs about certain things differed from what our world believes today. The things that have changed as our world has changed are views on slavery, women's rights, religion and many other things. These views are based on what most people believe. I think just because something someone has written or said offends someone, it doesn't give people the right to ban that book or that quote from society as a whole. They have the right to prohibit it, but it is up to each one to prohibit it or not to everyone. Our government gives us the right to have freedom of expression. It shows that even if someone @ MONTH1 writes or speaks against the majority opinion, they can say whatever they want without being punished for it. This means that people cannot just ban something for what it might say or represent. In my life, explicit music seems to be something that some people try to forbid. My parents think I'm the right age for me to be allowed to listen to any kind of music I want. I think public libraries can set age limits for items based on language, nudity, and other things inappropriate for children just like movie theaters do, but they don't have the right to ban books. Even if there is an age limit, as long as the direct child's guardian says it's okay if their child @ MONTH1 checks the book or the parent checks the book for the child, then it's okay. is good that this kid gets this book. The choice of what is suitable for each child should be left to their parents. If libraries were to ban books because someone said that a certain book or magazine was offensive, then a library would have very few or no books. In almost every book someone @ MONTH1 can find something offensive to themselves or to someone else. Those books that offend people should be kept on a shelf so that people can understand how society's views on things were at the time the book was written. These objects in libraries that are deemed offensive show us what was wrong with society at that time and help us learn from and avoid past mistakes in history. For example, in play A @ ORGANIZATION1, it shows what the company's view was on women. It showed that they didn't think much about women and how the purpose of life was to raise children and that was it. They didn't think they had the intelligence to talk about science or anything like that. This indirectly teaches us how we should not treat women today. If libraries start banning books, music, movies, magazines, or other items, they are hiding things they don't want people to read. Libraries shouldn't be able to ban something because it's offensive, but they have the right to impose age restrictions on certain things. Authors and artists have the freedom to say whatever they want and libraries cannot take it away from them
I believe that today's children should be able to read and learn the same things our parents learned in the past. Learn things through the same teachings, books, films ... etc. Learning things that way would be better than eliminating swear words and swear words and some detailed writing, because if you took it all out, it's like lying about the story and what really happened. Should we deprive today's children of the truth? Would you want your kids to go to school everyday and learn things from a textbook that has been tweaked just to be appropriate and not offensive ? Think about it ... Were you deprived of learning history when you were in school? I didn't think so, so why start now? Suppose your child will read '@ ORGANIZATION1' in class @ CAPS1 today. Would you like to ruin a classic book by removing the word " @ CAPS2 " and the word " slave " from the book ? Deprive them of how there were slave owners, slaves, and racial commentary? Deprive them of the real story? Would you also deprive them of learning about wars, revolutions and massacres just to make the learning appropriate? No I will not. I would like my children to learn anything and everything about the history of the world. I don't think there should be censorship in libraries
Libraries contain many useful and entertaining materials for people of all ages. Some @ MONTH1 argue that a library holds offensive material and shouldn't be put on a shelf, but I disagree. A library contains many books, magazines, films, etc. that can advance the knowledge of citizens. Libraries can, and probably do, contain material that is guilty of being offensive, but they should not be taken off the shelves for this reason. Instead, libraries should be divided into sections based on topics. If a parent does not want their child to read a book based on racism, then the parent simply keeps the child out of this section. How will children learn what is going on in @ LOCATION1 if they are not displayed ? Children won't know how to deal with the harsh realities of the world unless they are exposed to them early on. That doesn't mean to show a kid a magazine highlighting @ PERSON2's upcoming drug scandal, but to show them that things like this happen and you shouldn't live that way. Libraries do not contain offensive material for no reason. What if a high school student reported on the rise in teenage pregnancies? This student shouldn't have a better source of information than a library. The library would be the most reliable documentation of facts on this subject. These books that a library holds are not only there to educate us, but also to entertain us. If a library removes a biography on the rapper, @ ORGANIZATION1, because he has a " difficult past ," they @ MONTH1 lose a client who has come to the library to be amazed at the hardships that many successful people have. overcome to get to where they are. today. As Katherine Paterson put it, “And then we don't have any books on the shelf for any of us. If a library censors all material that passes through the system, there will be no @ MONTH1 books left to keep us entertained. Therefore, libraries should not monitor the material put on the shelves.
There are thousands of books in libraries today, some dating back to NUM1 years ago. Books are books, and anyone, regardless of age, should be able to remove any type of book from a shelf. Books, music, movies, and magazines are all crazy for getting people interested and what they love to read. Authors and publishers should not be penalized for the hard work they have put in. There are a lot of people in the world who love all types of books. But just because a book contains censorship within the story doesn't mean every human being will appreciate the story. I love to read love stories, and I'm sure there is censorship inside a love story. I only prefer love stories, and if every love story was censored and libraries took books off the shelves, I wouldn't read any type of book. Because I only like to read about romance. I only find adults and young adults who read love stories, and these people are mature enough not to act against censorship. It's not best to spoil the stories for adults and young adults who like to read about censorship inside stories. There are a lot of people who find it so interesting, that if it's based on a true story, then they'll want to be ready to help the person depending on the situation. Do not take away the chance for these authors to be more successful in life. Let these young adults read whatever interests them. I'm sure many different people would be upset if censored stories were removed from library shelves.
Censorship, only for the light-hearted. We have had this problem for as long as man can remember. As we were only small children to adults. Everything was censored. Beeps on TV to hide harmless words to random letters in swear words like we don't know for example what @ NUM1k is spelling. I agree, censorship is needed for a while, but when that time goes on too long and even in the books and newspapers to limit what we can handle, that's when it gets out of hand. I'm a high school student and even I have to say that limiting our reading because a book can have one or two swear words is just ridiculous. This is the most hypocritical thing to do because even science and anatomy books show certain parts of the body like the genitals, but that's okay because it's in a science book. However, if it's in a normal book, everything is a big deal and we can't handle it. I say it's a library, let's read what we want to read. Like I said before high school, this is where maturity hits and censorship should be lowered. I'm not saying just take it off completely, but come on now, I think a high school kid can handle a few swear words in an outstanding book. When it comes to movies and music, anything pornographic or just plain silly and demeaning should of course be censored, but if there are only a few swear words, why would that stop an entire school from enjoying? great music and maybe an amazing movie. So the point is, there is censorship, but only to the point where people won't take music and books from us high school kids for a few bad words. Censorship is for the light people, and nothing prevents the light people from taking this book with some words they don't like, but don't read it. That's all I have to say about censorship.
Read, @ CAPS1 and @ CAPS2? Books, music, and movies all have meaning and purpose. In our free time we all like to read, @ CAPS1 and @ CAPS2 the things that allow us to do this. These things keep us all busy when there is a lot of time to waste. The library is a place where you can go and read in peace and @ CAPS1 to music without distraction whatsoever, but there are some things that are not meant for the library. People find books in the library that they find very interesting and decide to consult them, but they do not know what is in the book and / or magazine. Books are of all kinds, just like music and movies. And we all have our own take on what kind of genre we like to listen to, read, or watch. The genre comes in all kinds of different types. For example, there is only one certain type of book for a child and which in the library should be chosen for one child to read and one child only. There are also books for adults and adults only and once verified they should be kept out of a child's hand or sight. Because kids might see the wrong things and things might get out of hand. All readings, music or movies containing explicit or uncensored graphics or words must personally have their own section in the library. In this case, nothing bad could happen and everything is in place with everything else. Honestly, all media should have their own section. For example, all children's media should be in one section and all adult media should be in another section. All books should be left on the shelves of every library just because you know what to read and what not to read. A desired children's book is a children's book with colors and pictures, while an adult has their own type of selection. Thus, the books must remain in their place and not be taken out of oneself, this also applies to films, music or any other media.
Libraries need to be worried enough because people don't hand over books and stuff. Why should we talk about something that offends a person when no one else has complained that it is offensive. I know you ask me to thank like you so you can see why it's offensive but I don't see how a book is going to be offensive. When someone finds something that seems offensive, they don't have to take it. There are people who would read something that is offensive to them so that they can learn from it. There is no reason why if you don't like the library, you can't go to another one. There is no reason why you should become so offensive to books as the authors are just trying to make their point and express their feelings on the subject. The way I see it is that you have two oppions. The first is to take care of it and go to the library to look for books. The second is not to go to the library if you are going to be able to find something offensive. But be aware that if you go for the second you have to realize that if you ever go there you are going to find something that will make you feel offensive, then you might as well get over it and say yes, I will go because it is. is all around me. Yeah, I know what to think, why if it's okay then why don't you take them out. Well, you want an answer and I'll give you one. These books maybe you don't want to read them. But what if someone isn't fair to have something just because not many people find it offensive know it? There, I say no, we are not going to remove books, music, films, magazines and everything from libraries. You will just have to face what you don't want here, it's not like you are going to be read something that will offend you. We're not going to have access to books, music, movies, magazines, or whatever else we have in the library. That's why everything in the library stays in the library
Dear @ ORGANIZATION1, @ CAPS1 I was growing up in my tiny little neighborhood, life couldn't have been easier. For children, life is about eating, sleeping, playing and laughing. Their innocent minds don't reflect on the meaning of life or love, but curiosity grabs every child from time to time. With stubborn persistence, a child would likely go to the ends of the earth to figure out what confidential information he heard his parents talk about. But @ CAPS1 does harmless curiosity mean destroying a child's innocence ? By viewing material intended for adults, such as books in a library, children can acquire premature knowledge that can interfere with their development. However, libraries shouldn't be afraid to fill their shelves with books suitable for adults, because an author spends countless hours writing this book, this book is a part of the history of the human race, and everyone @ MONTH1 cannot find inappropriate content. Authors have the freedom to write about anything that interests them, and taking away their right to post their thoughts and opinions is unfair. A censored author must feel like a basketball player who has failed despite hours of training. So an author who has practiced and honed his writing skills does so in the hope of publishing his work. Disagreeing with someone's interest in a topic is no reason to exclude their precious thoughts from society. Books that are suitable for adults deserve to be presented to adults as the author intended. Every piece of literature that has ever been written documents some part of the history of the human race. Even fictional novels serve as monuments to the depths of human imagination. Therefore, no book should be censored, no matter how inappropriate the material is. Just as remembering @ CAPS2 has influenced mankind not to repeat the mistakes of the past, keeping books of the most gruesome content @ MONTH1 saves authors from repeating such dishonorable content. In other words, if censorship removes " mistakes " from literature on library shelves, that is, an oblivious author will not repeat that " mistake ". By remembering these mistakes, humanity will be able to move forward in literature. The @ CAPS1 books are not " mistakes ", they recall the highlights of literature. All literature, appropriate and inappropriate, is a piece of human history that should not be kept secret. Finally, who should judge what constitutes an “error” in literature? A book on @ CAPS3 @ MONTH1 would be inappropriate in the eyes of a @ CAPS4, but this @ MONTH1 book would be sacred for an @ CAPS5. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder. In addition, for a given book, there is at least one person who does not agree with its message. A library is built for the education of the public, not for the interests of one person. If someone is offended by a work of literature, maybe they should just move on and find a book more suited to their interests. The decision on a novel's relevance is up to the reader, not the government, the library, or the activist group. Censorship of material in libraries would deprive authors of their chance to let their works be seen by others, keep the records of the human race a secret, and deprive the reader of the privilege of deciding what is appropriate. Authors endure long hours of practice and writing in order to be read in their minds, and such a motive should not be taken away from them. Each book represents an aspect of human life and records it for future generations to avoid previous mistakes. And these "mistakes" are made by the reader, a decision the censorship makes on itself. Instead of choosing which books are seen by the public, perhaps libraries should just create an adults-only section to house the "controversial" books; as a result, mankind would remain educated and free, and children would remain innocent. - @ ORGANIZATION2
There are many different perspectives on censorship in our country. It is the human race, opinionated that is. Different perspectives come from different people: young, old, parents and children. In libraries, there is reading material that some @ MONTH1 find offensive. Offensive material in libraries is @ CAPS1 intended for reading by young children. They are also @ CAPS1 intended to be able to get hold of such material. Although @ CAPS1 is the purpose of this material, there are times when this material ends up in the hands of someone who shouldn't have it. No, the material is @ CAPS1 kept under lock and key, but it is also @ CAPS1 left to put on a high shelf for children that they find attractive. The problem of removing all this material from libraries would result in empty shelves, with the exception of children's books. The material that should be removed are books aimed at people in the appropriate age group to inform and tell good stories. If we were to protect children from censorship it would deny the knowledge, and some also leaked, of the general public who come to the library every year. \ @ CAPS1 all movies, books, music and other material are labeled as they are. should be. Some @ MONTH1 @ CAPS1 content is suitable for children, but it is also @ CAPS1 all inappropriate. A movie rated '@ NUM1' @ MONTH1 looks like a movie rated '@ CAPS2' with only one additional reference, whether @ MONTH1 is taken the wrong way. Even Protective Parents @ MONTH1 allow their kids to watch movies like this for as long as they see fit. Libraries should @ CAPS1 remove this material from their shelves. If this is really a problem, then they could have the children's books in a separate room in the library. There are many ways to keep this type of reading material out of the reach of children. As a result, @ CAPS1 needs to remove these books and other materials from library shelves. Censorship in libraries is a controversial topic. There is a very good debate on either side as to whether or @ CAPS1 should remove offensive material from library shelves. I think @ CAPS1 should be deleted and that there are alternatives to that. This essay proposed solutions to this problem without immediately removing public reading from everyone.
@ STATE1 @ NUM1, @ PERSON1, IN @ CAPS1 Katherine Paterson, I read your article in the newspaper yesterday about offensive books in the library. I agree with you on this article. Some of the books, music, movies, or magazines in public libraries are very offensive to me, but they may be normal for other people. Some books may also be normal for me and may be offensive to other people. Everyone has their own opinions and ideas on everything. The people of @ LOCATION1 have freedom of speech, so it's true that every mouth has something different to say. There are books or movies that children cannot read or watch, but children always do because once the child is in the library, he can read, watch or listen to anything. You cannot depend on the librarian because there are also other people in the library. The librarian probably has other things to do, such as arranging the books or checking the books or making a library card or helping someone find a book. From my perspective, the library should have different sections for different types of movies, books or magazines and there should be one person assigned to each section. In this way, the children would not be able to go to the section for the elderly. If there are any books that are deemed offensive by everyone, then people should write a letter to the president to help remove those books from the library. Over to you @ NUM2.
Have you ever been in that situation where you couldn't read a book because someone else had bitter feelings towards it? Are you furious when you finally get the chance to read that book you have been waiting for two months and all of a sudden it is not accessible to you because of its contents? I know I still follow because at @ ORGANIZATION1 it happens quite often. I believe a book should not be taken down because only one person found it offensive. Sure, some @ MONTH1 novels expose a few words of profanity or discrimination, but everyone has to face it. So why take a book off the shelf for saying something bigger because not everyone could hate the book. If we took a book off the shelf every time someone brought up a foul word or discriminatory remark, we would end up without books, including those that tell us a lot about past history. Some writers, filmmakers, and artists rely on the story to help them create a great piece of reading, commentary, or lyrics. If public and school libraries censored everything, @ ORGANIZATION1 would risk losing a lot of historical and epic material or information from the past. Since I'm sure you know a lot of history books on the holocaust, slavery, and the civil rights movement, there are words that people of certain genders or races @ MONTH1 find offensive. These words are a vital source in trying to explain what people are going through in these situations; therefore these words should not be reported for the sake of the story. I know I'm not alone in my struggle to keep books on the shelves because an author named Katherine Paterson says, " ... If I have the right to take this book off the shelf - this work that I hate - then you also have exactly the same right and everyone else too. And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us ”(Paterson). In this quote she tries to say that if people abuse this policy there will be no more books on the shelves to read because someone has found something offensive to them. This is what will eventually happen if we don't censor the @ CAPS1 in the libraries. Now don't confuse me with someone who thinks @ CAPS1 should be deleted all together as I think it is necessary in some cases. If there is a song that uses profanity multiple times without any logical reasoning, it shouldn't be publicly accessible through a library. Also, if there are any inappropriate films, I don't think they should be released by the library to the public as that is what film rental stores are for. On the other hand, I haven't found a single book that doesn't fit the library; so why are so many books washed away every year due to what some people call “ @ CAPS1 ” also known as personal opinions ? In this writing, my goal has been achieved; I wanted everyone to know that the whole @ CAPS1 thing is getting a little out of hand. We all know there are some offensive things going on in @ MONTH1, but they're things that everyone who watches this book, movie, or soundtrack has to deal with. Along with some offensive stuff comes reasoning like in history books and movies that @ MOIS1 contains a few swear words but is used to convey a point or frame. I know @ CAPS1 is just another way to look after the best of humans, but a lot of it has a reason. The only time @ CAPS1 should be used is in inappropriate movies and songs with no historical purpose. With all that has been said, do you still believe in all the @ CAPS1 that's going on in your nearby library ? How can you help prevent the destruction of all historical words in libraries ?
I think it should be left as it is because it's presented that way for a reason. They might not know the reason which is why I think it should be because the person might get angry if you are wrong just because you don't like them the way they are because it is. is offensive to some people. Other reasons are people are going to come home and watch it online or on TV so how is that going to make a difference. It won't make any difference.
No, I think all documents should be on the library shelves. Because some people like things that other people @ MONTH1 find offensive. But you, as parents, must control what your children read. If you find it shocking, tell them to choose a new book, a new @ CAPS1, a new movie, or a new magazine. If you don't, it's not their fault, it's your fault. Some people like things that others don't. Like stuff from a different culture or maybe something from a different religion. But we can choose to read whatever you want. If you don't like it find something else, but some people find it interesting. Not everyone has the same view of things. If there are books for adults only, place them in another room where minors cannot enter. Make sure you have to show an @ CAPS2 indicating that you have @ NUM1 or more to enter. books without having to risk the children to see them. Than to check them if you have less than @ NUM1 a parent or guardian must be with you if you want to get it. If this is an @ CAPS1 or a swearing musician, you must be @ NUM1 or older or have a parent check @ NUM4 for you. Because some parents don't let their kids listen to bad music. Like I said in the previous paragraphs, I think they shouldn't take things off the shelves that some people @ MOIS1 find inappropriate. Because some of us might find it interesting to know that this world is not the same at all. People are different like different things
Everyone in the world has different opinions. Some people care about things that others don't care about at all. One topic that seems to interest everyone is censorship. Everyone has an opinion on this; and not everyone agrees. All libraries have different sections depending on the age. There are sections for children, sections for teenagers and sections for adults. I think censorship has a lot to do with maturity levels. Things in books and movies that are not appropriate for children should not be put in the children's section. I understand that parents do not want their children to read or watch abscene material ; but as children grow older they will sooner or later learn inappropriate things in school. I don't think anything should be taken off a shelf just because a handful of parents find the material offensive. I don't take censorship very seriously. Some parents want their kids to read books with inappropriate material so they can learn what's going on in the world and what life is like. Most children and some teens don't know what the world is like because they don't go out a lot. They are not learning things that they should already know. Reading is a way to learn. When someone wants to know more about any place or anything, they go to the library and look at a book. For a school project or just for fun. Most parents agree that nothing inappropriate should be in a children's section of a library. Just because they're young and parents don't want their kids at @ NUM1 age to swear like a sailor. But I think teens are mature enough to read or watch inappropriate material like a book with swear words or a movie with kissing scenes. Parents should not have a say in what goes on the shelves of a library. They should just mind their own business. If their child chooses a book that they think is too shocking for them to read, they can just tell them that they can't get the book. It's that simple. Parents who ask that books be taken off the shelves are simply asking too much. Censorship in libraries is not a big deal for me. I think children should be able to read a book they want to read. At least they want to read. Let them read for @ PERSON1's sake. But like I said, everyone has their own opinions.
I am writing this essay to tell you. That offensive books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should not be on the shelves of our libraries. Because if kids pick them up, there will be @ CAPS1 and crime. Some people ask how do I know so well say you see this cd case that says it's only black man cd. And a white boy picks it up right, then a black kid sees it and that white boys hand, the black guy will try to pull it out of his hand. So start a fight.
What should and should not be censored in a library is really just a matter of opinion on the part of library users. If everyone removed what they didn't like from the shelves of a library, then a lot of information would be less accessible to the general public. Although some people @ MONTH1 are offended by certain forms of literature, this does not mean that literature should be removed from everyone. I believe that a solution must be found to satisfy everyone. Currently, some people are not satisfied with some of the books, music, movies and magazines available in many libraries. They think the @ MONTH1 news is not suitable for some viewers. Some people just don't want certain information to reach children's minds. Although this is a very solid reason to censor what goes into our libraries; there are others who disapprove of the idea of censoring our libraries. By allowing censorship of libraries, this would reduce the amount of information available to the public. If parents allow their children to take out certain documents without first checking what is behind the blanket, then the parents are only themselves to blame. I believe all of this could be solved by simply asking parents to fill out a form before allowing their children to get a library card. This form would include a list of things they would like to prevent their children from checking, for example : swearing in books and music, nudity in movies and magazines. This information would be included with the library card registration number. If their child were to remove something that is restricted on the list, the librarian would tell them to put the book back and choose another book. I can see how very useful and important censorship is. Although sometimes it can go a bit to the extreme. There is a solution, but we just need to find it.
In the library, I noticed that there are a few literary materials that are not suitable for a younger age group. Such as movies rated @ CAPS1 which contain such elements as drug use, sexual content, and extreme violence. Not all libraries have movies, and those that don't allow anyone under @ NUM1 to rent a rated @ CAPS1 movie. Another example would be magazines that have articles / ads and images that are more on the sexual side. This is a problem with children because then they think this is how they should look and act when they are older. Most libraries are divided into different sections, there is a section for adults, teens and children. The sections were created to show / tell people that some material in this section @ MONTH1 is not suitable for teens and children. Then, if you're in a children's section, you know that few people over @ NUM2 will want to look for books. In the children's section, a bookcase normally makes it bright and colorful, which most kids love. This allows children to stay there and not marvel in one of the adult or teenage sections. When I was younger I didn't really care to get into the adult or teen sections because I liked to read "The @ CAPS3 in the @ CAPS4", "@ CAPS5 @ CAPS6 @ CAPS7 @ CAPS8" and many other children's books. Kids have a lot to keep them satisfied at the library there are kids movies / shows like '@ CAPS9 @ PERSON1'. They also have an unlimited supply of books that can keep them entertained. If movies and books don't work for them, there are also a few toys they can play with (at least the libraries I've been to to have toys). The only real big deal with having inappropriate stuff in the library is that young teens can roam around the adult section, and sometimes there are adult stuff in the young adult section. Again with the movies, there are some TV shows that I have seen in the library that talk about teenagers doing drugs, going to parties, and getting drunk. Things like that, I think, have a bad influence on young teens. Make them believe that it's okay to do drugs and drink, that it will make them more popular and cool. Overall, I think libraries just need to rearrange their books, movies, and magazines. Then all the right items will be placed in the right sections and there will be no accidents where someone accidentally picks up something that is not suitable for their age group. I don't think the music in the library is a problem. For me, music is something more to express your feelings. This is my take on censorship in libraries
@ CAPS6 are many books on @ CAPS6 which, if examined, contain something obsessive or vulgar. Despite the fact that children of certain ages probably shouldn't read this stuff, the book itself shouldn't be banned from library shelves. Authors write or type every word for a reason, be it happy, sad, or vulgar. @ CAPS6 is one reason the author wants the reader to read these "offensive" things. Everything you read in a book is @ CAPS6 because the author wanted you to read it, not just to put it @ CAPS6 to fill it out or to be mean. I agree that children shouldn't read these books with this kind of material, but that doesn't mean removing the books. The library I live in has sections for children, teens, and adults so that @ CAPS6 is not confusing or relevant to the content of the book. You must be of legal age to take certain readings home. Personally, I think this is a great idea and it will compromise both sides who don't want their kids to read these books and those who want to read the book without getting rid of anything. If the latter were applied, some of the classic and award-winning books would be taken off the shelves, such as To @ CAPS1 a @ CAPS2, The @ PERSON1, @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4's @ CAPS5, and much more. Such harsh actions are unnecessary when it comes to a much simpler and more efficient way to be accomplished. While offensive material is a concern for kids, @ CAPS6 are much better ways to have it so they can't read it until they're ready. No book should be removed from a shelf for its contents.
I think books, music, movies, and magazines shouldn't be taken off the shelves. Just because someone @ MONTH1 finds them offensive. They only become offensive when people think they are. I feel this because no one is forcing anyone to watch or read what they don't want. No one tells students what they can and cannot watch or read. Everyone has a choice. To choose what they want to read or watch. what a person @ MONTH1 finds offensive and assaulted. Someone else. @ MONTH1 finds it interesting and exciting. I've felt the same before, but it still doesn't give me any reason to take it off the shelf. The next person after me. Has as much the same right as me. The person has the right to watch or read what I have. Love or hate what is on the shelves. There are a lot of things in a @ CAPS5. Other than things the folks at @ MONTH1 find offensive. There are scary books like '@ CAPS1 @ CAPS2.' @ CAPS3 @ ORGANIZATION2 best-selling author, @ PERSON2. There are mysterious books like " The @ ORGANIZATION1 ". @ CAPS3 another top selling author from @ ORGANIZATION2, @ PERSON1. So for some my essay. Nothing should be removed from the shelves @ CAPS5. Just because I or someone else finds them offensive
I believe there are a lot of books in a library that shouldn't be available to everyone who goes to a public library. Yes, there are some very offensive articles in a library, like a book on racism against African Americans. No, that person who takes office in these articles doesn't need to be around or even go to the library at all. The library is open to everyone. Suppose you have a young child and take it to the public library with you. While searching for a book, the child reaches for the highest book he can reach, pulls it off the shelf, and it lands on the open floor. You look down to see what happened and you see the book laying there with an inappropriate image right in front of your child. It's your fault, not the libraries. While this is often not the fault of the libraries where certain books are located, you should be more responsible and check the area you are looking in. I think there should be a selected area where “ inappropriate material ” should be kept. And in order for a person to enter the selected area, they must show a member-type ID and sign a warning that the material they have viewed will not cause any problems and end anyone who is found. around the customer. And that's my take on this topic.
Books taken off the shelves? Certainly not! The @ CAPS1 is the place to go if you want books, movies, music, and more that are what you like and want. Are there any documents that should be taken off the shelves just because they offend someone else ? No, because libraries are for everyone for a reason. Everyone is different. Which means everyone comes to @ CAPS1 for different kinds of information. If the libraries removed all the material that offended people, there would be nothing left. What offends someone @ MONTH1 does not offend anyone else. For example, libraries have information about the history of @ ORGANIZATION1. While some people like this kind of information and want to keep learning more, the information also offends @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 they are talking about. But really, if you think about it, it's all selfish to take away material that someone else wants to learn. It would prevent future generations from learning everything they could or wanted. When people go to the @ CAPS1 they know, no matter what information they are looking for, they will find it. Isn't that what is so great about traveling to @ CAPS1 ? Seek out and find things you have never learned, even if it offends others. All that matters is that you have more knowledge on this topic in your head. It will never be acceptable to remove certain materials from shelves that offend other people, because libraries are for everyone for a reason.
Do certain documents, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., need to be removed from shelves if they are found to be offensive ? I don't think there are some materials that should be removed for a lot of reasons. Lots of different people have different ideas about what's offensive and what isn't like some people will find something funny that some people @ MONTH1 think is mean or inappropriate. If you were to remove things from the shelves that someone finds offensive, there probably wouldn't be much left on the shelves because everyone has their own opinion. I agree that there are some things that shouldn't be seen by young eyes, but it is the parents' decision, not everyone has the same view on the material. Some materials should not be removed from the shelves because of someone's opposition to them. Everyone has their own opinion, some people like what others don't, everyone is different in their own way
I strongly believe that removing books, music, movies, etc. from a shelf just because someone finds it offensive will not solve the problem. A person can find a lot of things in life offensive to their personal opinions, but they cannot simply suppress them. Taking books, music, movies, etc., from people who don't find them offensive could cause chaos. As Katherine Paterson put it, “ And then we're out of books. " If everyone had to choose books, music, movies, etc., they felt offensive and should not be placed in the library, the declaration would probably be true. Besides the fact that the library is divided into different genres, so if you have a different take on a certain genre of books, movies, music, etc., skip this section and go to the genre you prefer. In other words, things that @ MONTH1 offend one person @ MONTH1 do not offend another person. So to delete a particular thing would be unreasonable for the person who likes or is interested in a particular subject. So instead of having a problem with one person, there would be a problem with two dissatisfied people. I'm not saying it's fair, but the library has done particular things like segregating books for reasons like this. According to Katherine Paterson, " We can all think of a book that we hope none of our children or other children have taken off the shelves ." The library has a section reserved for children. Therefore, problem concerns like this have already been resolved. The books, music, movies, etc. in the children's section are suitable for a child's age. Books, music, movies, etc. are also reserved for teenagers and adults. In conclusion, removing books, music, movies, etc. which are deemed offensive by others @ MONTH1 should not be deemed offensive by anyone else. It's not like the library is deliberately offending anyone by having books, music, movies, etc., on the shelves. If you are mature enough to understand this and overlook something that @ MONTH1 offends you, you wouldn't be so offended. Also, if the library is divided into different genres, you can easily skip a particular genre that you want to avoid. Problems can be easily resolved if they are handled correctly.
I don't think so because if that's all the person likes to read. They could put all the books in different sections so that little children wouldn't learn words they shouldn't know by now. the librarian can also get to where it takes oath age to find a book. There are many ways to organize them into sections, like creating a kids section, a teen section, and even an adult section. But I don't think we should permanently remove the contents of the library, because there are a lot of good books with bad words. just because there are bad words in a book doesn't mean the book is bad
Keep it on the shelf ! What types of things do you go to the library for ? Some will pick up books and others will just relax in a quiet environment. Yes, the library is mainly used for books and studies, but there is a lot of other stuff that libraries have. Movies, magazines, music, etc. are all in a library. Now, suppose you have to listen to a specific song, read a certain book, or review an article in a certain magazine, and you cannot find it in the library because they were deleted because they are deemed offensive. Everyone has different views on what is offensive and what is not. Everything, like books, music, magazines, and movies, should all have their place in a library, regardless of the material. Books can be used for a lot of things. Some read just for fun and others read because they are assigned to do so or because they need to research. Books provide information and knowledge that some people desperately need. What if you can't find this book because someone said it was inappropriate ? What are you supposed to do with your research paper now? If a book is needed, it must be able to be found on the shelf of a library and not be removed due to the contents of its pages. Music is a great way to clear your mind and relax. Some music found in libraries may be somewhat offensive to some people. What if the only place you could find your favorite music was your public library? You walk in and they don't have it anymore because it's considered offensive. Now you can no longer listen to the sounds that calm you down or change you to start your day. Music should stay in libraries due to cultural and educational sounds that most cannot find in their local music store. Magazines are another great form of reading material found in a library. Magazines are a great way to stay up to date with the latest trends and delicious dessert recipes. Without magazines, our world wouldn't be able to keep up with the things that are happening in our world every day. The magazines show us the hottest trends, gossip from the celebrity world and some interesting facts from educational magazines. Without the library magizines, we probably wouldn't know anything about our changing world. You can find movies anywhere, but some think you can only find really good and old movies at the library. The library offers educational films for children which @ MONTH1 are not available anywhere else. They also have old classic movies that aren't even there anymore. The library contains many movies that you might not find in our advanced world today. Libraries contain many important books, films, music and magazines. Without most of that, regardless of the hardware, we probably wouldn't know as much as we know today. The library has always been a place you go to find exactly what you want and you know they will get it. Taking these things off the shelves can take some of the history out of our lives. All of these resources should stay on the shelves, regardless of their hardware.
Can literature, the foundation of civilization, be censored? Can you take these ideas away from those who wish to think them? I don't think so, for it would even be a futile attempt to attempt. To keep something as important as writing out of the culture of the people would be one of the most serious crimes against humanity and cannot be rightly tolerated in my mind. Not only would this attempt be futile (for people who know how to extract information), it would be downright silly of the "administration" to do so. I recognize that there is some explicit material that is not suitable for children or even teens, but this is where the parent should step in by setting guidelines and positive examples that their children feel the need to follow. Not to feel that they "must" do it, but to feel that they "must" do it. If parents cannot take control and decide what is appropriate for their children, then in my mind they are not doing their first and primary job as a parent which is to protect the child. Some @ MONTH1 say that culture censorship protects children, but I'm saying it doesn't. I think censorship is a lousy excuse for parents and senior government officials to do less work. If every written, filmed or recorded work that offends only one person was rejected on this basis, there would be none. There has never been a piece of literature, film, or music that has not offended someone in some way, whether spiritually, ethnically, or morally. The point is, people cannot exist without conflict and miseries, and whatever people can do to cause these conflicts and miseries, they will. People find all kinds of ways to do it, whether it is war, discrimination, the media, or just outright stubbornness, they will find a way to offend the party they have chosen. Personally, I am appalled by the aspect of censorship, because if a person cannot speak what they think, then is they more than a brainless homunculus? Created and controlled by the government around it. Made their slave out of ignorance. If in a society I can't say what I need to say, then I don't want to live in that society, because it's just a horrible picture of civilization. In short, I don't think libraries should be censored, but rather that parents should pay more attention to their children and dependents. If a person is offended by a certain thing then it is their absolute right not to participate in anything @ MONTH1, but these afflicted peoples have absolutely NO right to say what @ MONTH1 or @ MONTH1 is not reading. not ! If that offends anyone then I apologize, but at least you knew enough (thanks to your media education) to be offended and not just another stupid sheep
Do you think that some documents, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should be taken off the shelves if they are found to be offensive to people ? It's a question we've all thought about at one time or another. For some, it just depends on your age, your beliefs, and whether you really know if it's offensive in the first place. In my opinion, I think the offending material should be taken off the shelves. First of all, I think it depends a lot on your age. For example, most of the elderly think that most of the materials made today are just crazy and don't want anything to do with them. Although, for the younger ones, that's what's new and " cool " to do. I don't believe that anything bad or offensive should be shown to little children. We want to keep it away from them so that in the future they will know not to use it. In my own experience, my parents kept me away from all the bad things for the most part. I think it affected me a lot today about who I am today. Then I think for some people it depends on their beliefs. A great thing with this is the race and the culture. I often find books, movies, or magazines that offend another race. This is the most disturbing thing I find about certain materials. Anything that offends another race or culture should be taken off the shelves immediately in my opinion. There are countless numbers of these materials just as I saw them and I'm sure there are many more. It @ MONTH1 will be impossible to get all of them off the shelves. Finally, I think a lot of people don't know that what they're going to read, watch, or listen to is going to end up being offensive. I have seen countless movies and listened to countless offensive songs. The sad part is, I didn't know it before I did it. A lot of people go into their material as blindly as a bat, in terms of whether it is offensive. I think if the material isn't taken off the shelves it should at least be marked as offensive. Overall, I think the hardware should just be taken off the shelves. We've gotten to the point where there is so much going on out there that it's almost impossible to do. Even though there are factors like age, beliefs, and knowing what you're getting into, I think these materials are just bad for everyone. In my opinion, offensive materials should be removed from the shelves
Have you ever come across offensive material in a library ? Well, some people have done it and think there should be some sort of censorship in libraries to protect offended people. I don't agree with this idea because people should have the right to express themselves through art, literature and even music. After all, freedom of expression is enshrined in our rights. Many authors, artists and musicians have the freedom to express themselves through their work. If they saw their own work in a library being censored, it would be very offensive to them. I understand that the artist's material may be offensive to some people but it is their work, a form of self-expression. They don't publish their work to offend people, they do it for themselves and for others to benefit. The work of an artist is part of who he is. A censor would only put a negative aspect to the art and literature of the library. For many years, most libraries have developed and organized their media in a system called @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2. This system separates all books, magazines, music and movies into their own genres. For example, if you are looking for a mystery book, you will find it in the non-fiction section. This system helps people find exactly what they are looking for. If people are offended by a certain genre, they don't have to come into contact with it. This system is a better way to find exactly what you want instead of stumbling across a book or movie that you find offensive. Almost all libraries use this system so that they do not have to use a censor. Everywhere we go, someone somewhere is going to find something offensive. It is fundamentally part of our human nature. It is truly impossible to make every person happy with everything in the world. In a library, there will always be a book that someone disagrees with or someone finds it offensive. The author of this book and others who liked it need not be punished by having the book removed from the shelves. Just because the book offends someone doesn't mean it should be taken off the shelf or have a censor. If every time that happened, there would be no more books to read in our libraries. Most people wouldn't even call it a library. At the end of the day, a book is a book, music is music, and we're not going to create censors or take books off the shelves because it's offensive to people. Authors write what they want to write, musicians play what they want to play, and actors act as they want to play. After all , no matter what is offensive to people, they'll just have to face it. There is no reason for a censor in a library
'Everyone has @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2' @ CAPS3 is true that everyone has their own @ CAPS2 and their likes and dislikes. For example, books. I don't like books that deal with illegal substances, but I think removing some shocking material shouldn't be taken off the library shelves. @ CAPS3 is true that finding an inappropriate book or article @ MONTH1 bothers some people, but @ CAPS3 does not mean that everyone finds @ CAPS3 offensive. Once my class @ CAPS4 was assigned to a book project. The main goal was to find a non-fiction book and create a PowerPoint presentation on the main ideas of that book. One of the classmates read and gave a brief presentation of a book on illegal drugs. I know, in fact, that not many people are offended by words like “ drugs ” or “ alcohol ”, but I find those words abhorrent. While I have found @ CAPS3 disturbing and uncomfortable, others have found @ CAPS3 interesting. @ CAPS3 was a topic that caught their attention, but not very appealing to me. Another example would be the time I went to the library to write a research article on human body systems. My friend, @ LOCATION1, found @ CAPS3 disturbing looking at some photos because @ CAPS3 was showing blood. Strangely enough, I never thought the blood was anything disturbing. While @ PERSON1 found @ CAPS3 disgusting to watch, my head was in the book because @ CAPS3 was fascinating. I have always thought that the functioning of the human body was amazing. What @ PERSON1 did was instead of trying to deal with the image, she wondered and tried to find another book that didn't contain any grotesque images. The book had no benefit for @ LOCATION1, but because of this book I received an " A " on the research paper. I think @ CAPS3 is important that people accept that not everyone has the same opinion. Each individual is different in their own way. As I mentioned before, the book that bothered me was interesting to others and vice versa. This is normal and there is nothing we can do to change @ CAPS3. If permission was given to remove certain material offensive to everyone, I guarantee that there would be no more material on the shelves. I think the best way to fix this is for him / she to ignore the book which seems offensive and look for different material as others might need the resource
I believe that if something or someone offends you, you have the right to take a stand. You shouldn't have to worry about it. If something is offensive in your library, it is not allowed to be there. A library is supposed to be a useful place. Who would want to sit back and watch a racy movie? Who would want a little kid to watch something sexual in a movie? Magazines can even develop a lot of problems. Muisc can be directly offensive. If a young adult or child reads or watches a racy movie, it is teaching them bad things. Racism is a very hurtful thing. What you see or read can really affect you. You @ MONTH1 don't realize this is wrong. It might make you say hurtful things to a different race. If a person is not the most racy and sees something that is, it might offend them. They @ MONTH1 feel like they are “cool”. They go out and say the most racist things. It makes them happy. Later, they feel guilty. All because of a movie or a book. If a movie makes fun of your race, it hurts. Make fun of injuries. It's technical harassment. Bullying can lead to suicide. Who cares if someone is black or white? We are all the same deep down. Films like this should be banned from public libraries. Movies today can have pretty much anything they want. Sex, drugs, swearing, etc. Children can get by watching them without anyone saying anything. The librarian just swipes your card, then you have the movie. They @ MONTH1 don't know right from wrong. If they see someone doing drugs or having sex, they might think it's cool. They @ MONTH1 come out and do it. We don't need movies like this in our public library. We should make it a lot harder for kids to try to get movies like this. These films can also offend us. Make us feel uncool. Make us feel like we have to go out and try it. In today's magazines, they make everyone look so perfect. These people may offend you. Young teenage girls or even boys are the ones who watch magazines most often. If you see @ PERSON1 in a magazine, you start to want to look like him. You see how thin she is. She is tanned. She has perfect skin. It's okay for someone to be jealous. We are just humans. Sometimes these images reach us. We @ MONTH1 starve ourselves to try to be skinny. It can be very dangerous for your health. These girls make us lose confidence. In today's society, people aspire to popularity. They want to be perfect. They want all the guys to walk. We use the girls in the magazine to help us know what we want to look like. You have to love who you are and what you look like. You are unique. No one has to be skinny to look good. Magizines can be offensive. In today's society, music is horrible. Rap, country or rock music. Some words can really offend people. The words come to mind every time you hear the song. If you really take the time to research a song's lyrics, you'll find that they'll let you say it all. I can't name how many songs I know, being just a teenager, that make fun of something. For example, there is a song from the group @ ORGANIZATION1. It's called "I must be emo". He makes fun of people who are unique in their own way. Some lines of the song are : "@ CAPS1 I'm depressed I'm cutting my wrists all over the place." How can you make fun of someone who harms themselves. Depression and self-harm are big things in today's society. There is nothing funny about it. If someone hurting themselves hears this, think about what might happen. It would really offend them! They could go cut themselves even more. They could try to kill themselves. In the song, he also makes fun of homosexuals. It makes fun of how " emo " people look . “I look like I'm dead and I dress like a gay,” is another line in the song. I don't know about you but for me it would be terribly offensive! We need to get these types of songs out of our libraries. We should have a say in what is in our public library. The library is supposed to be a good place. Anyone can go. We are all unique in our own way. If something offends you, you have the right to defend yourself. We have to return books, movies, magazines, etc. shocking, more difficult to obtain.
Would you like to censor @ CAPS1 ? I @ CAPS2, I definitely wouldn't. The @ CAPS1 is a very powerful and religious part of our nation and our history, but this is just one example. There are thousands of books, newspapers, articles and media that play an important role in the history and future of human beings. Common sense or also called common knowledge is something that we do not grasp anywhere. We absolutely thought this what to do, see and read. An example is 'The @ CAPS4 @ CAPS5' this is a book from an @ CAPS5 who meets a young boy and the @ CAPS5 is just happy to be of use to the boy. Throughout the story, @ CAPS5 gives the boy his apple, his branches and even his trunk. but the @ CAPS5 is happy. at the very end of the story their old young boy is now an old man who just wants a place to rest so the @ CAPS5 straightens his stump and is just happy with @ CAPS4 the old man his happiness. Now would you like to censor that ?! This story shows that helping someone is the key to life. This happiness @ CAPS4 someone else is the true gift of life. Now religion is something that is censored a lot these days ... Why ?! The @ CAPS1 for example is just a book full of short stories that follow one another. Indivigle tha stories are just little reminders of good and bad, of kindness and jealousy. It doesn't say if you have to follow every word and every phrase day and night. it's just helpful advice, and really who hasn't asked someone else for advice ? @ CAPS8 relgion on TV, in schools and everywhere else tells us that we don't need religion to be productive and honest. I come from a Roman Catholic and Christian background, never really went to church or read @ CAPS1 I'm blown about religion. Thanks to a close friend. @ CAPS8 might also be good at its points though. For example, adult @ CAPS8 content from minors is useful because small children don't @ CAPS2 much. They just go with the flow. Another example is the @ CAPS8 mail sent to different countries. It helps keep our country safe from invasions and war. so i will say @ CAPS8 can be a good thing but too much can be bad. Such as religious content @ CAPS8 or the classic book @ CAPS8 which teach you common knowledge which will help you in the future. This stuff is something that should be @ CAPS10 by ages and ages to come !
Close libraries ? Yes, I do, because music, movies, etc. could not only contain unsightly clothing, but it could also contain oral language. Words could, and can, corrupt the minds of young people. All bookstores put them there because of customer needs. The things they do to make money here, do you agree with me? They should create separate libraries for each type of drive. Yet they put all of these things in one building. They should be selling films for children and not for adults, but librarians say " books are books ". I think I will write my own @ CAPS1 series, thank you very much. However, because some have a lackluster environment or a lack of clients, some libraries are closing. Use that thought I just told you. I wonder if there are some books on endangered fish species. But some children's series die off because of more popular ones, or are replaced by family stories. If a small child listened to profanity, his mind would be warped for life. What a chic swearing out loud in front of the baby. How about saying '@ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 that? ..' or '@ CAPS4 that ball, you mean !' ? Maybe that will give a little education. However, some older boys and girls teach young minds this bad language, maybe even before they learn the right language. These dilingual people don't care about their mind at all. Your honor, I have my proof here. I suggest re-educating those teen dilengues to take more action @ CAPS1.
With the world having a great variety of cultures, languages, beliefs and races, there is no doubt that different subjects will be offensive to some and not to others. Books, songs, magazines, and movies all explain why they were created. This @ MONTH1 is intended to entertain, inform or persuade. People use libraries as a source to view these works. Many people use libraries every day for research or just to learn knowledge for the fun of it. My opinion is that any type of material, no matter what is in it, should be able to be found on a library shelf. A library is a place where one should be able to find a book, CD, video, magazine or any other topic that interests them. If our libraries removed every item that was offensive to someone, there would simply be no library. Anything you read or listen to will have a word, phrase, or meaning that will offend someone in some way. This is because many of the articles you find will be somehow biased. The way an author tries to entertain @ MONTH1 offends you if they use a certain language with a certain tone. The persuasion is also biased towards one side and you @ MONTH1 disagree with the side chosen by the author. The same goes for information. You @ MONTH1 think the author needed to cover a certain point more than he did. All of these writing goals will be offensive to someone. Once I was in a library and read a magazine that spoke badly about teenage drivers. The article was clearly biased and had no teenage source to prove that not all teenage drivers are bad. This article offended me deeply, but I'm glad I read it and saw a different point of view. Not everyone wants to see the different points of a story, but if you come across one of those items that offends you, you can just put it back on the shelf. You don't have to read or listen to anything you don't want to see or hear. However, there will be someone who needs to use this item for personal knowledge or for research. That is why all the elements must be accessible to the public. If someone finds an offensive article, they should be able to request that a tag be placed on the article to further warn other readers. Likewise, if there is an item classified as " @ CAPS1 ", there must be an age limit to protect our young readers and listeners. With these changes, our libraries could make everyone happy. As libraries are present in most communities, there will be a discussion of the content of the items they carry. While you @ MONTH1 like a book, I @ MONTH1 find it offensive. Even if @ MONTH1 has a problem with an item, it should still be accessible to everyone. The purpose of a library is to transport items that will benefit the public. It is the right of every human being to be able to go to a library and be able to read on any subject he or she wants. Any item, whether biased or not, should be able to be found on the shelves of a library. Those who disagree or want to read an article should just steer clear of this section and choose a different article that interests them. We need to be able to go to a library and find what we need or want to see or hear. This is how a library serves a community
As a place used to acquire knowledge and wisdom, a library is a wonderful resource. Several varieties of @ MONTH1 books can be found in a local library, from sci-fi documentaries to just fiction. The most amazing part of a library is the fact that an @ MONTH1 chooses what it reads. Yet if a man objects to a book's point of view and believes that a certain book should be taken out of the library, then the freedom of choice is lost. Reading selection should be open to all readers, and although some @ MONTH1 would disagree, heavy library censorship is an unnecessary measure that restricts the ability to acquire knowledge. In today's society, many people differ in taste or gender. So much so that it is sometimes difficult to find common ground in a large group. The Library is a place where people @ MONTH1 can enjoy their differences, reading different types of books spread over many shelves. Still, if a person doesn't like a book, their opinion shouldn't influence the book's withdrawal because of their preference. Author Katherine Paterson made a wise point on the idea of censorship, saying, "If I have the right to take this book off the shelf - this work that I hate - then you have exactly the same right and everyone too. And then we have no books' (no pag.). If a person finds a work that is vulgar and thinks it should be removed from the library, then what is stopping another person from removing a book they don't like ? If severe censorship is allowed in libraries, then libraries will become diminished resources, containing only a few documents. Yet censorship of age-specific documents is necessary in libraries. Allowing a child to read or watch an inappropriate movie or book is inexcusable. However, the censorship of children's books does not mean the suppression of such books. Removing a book from the shelves of a library is just as bad as allowing a child to read a book that is too mature for his age. Katherine Paterson said, “ We can all think of a book that we hope none of our children or other children have taken off the shelves. But ... then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us. ' (no pag.). Censorship of books in a library cannot lead to the removal of the books that have shaped our society and our ideas, even if it is to protect a child. A middle ground must be found between true censorship and the stubborn suppression of books, for the sake of one's own life. This will help not only libraries but also society. There are many different opinions in modern society and due to the differences in beliefs and ideas, people will sometimes disagree. However, it is important that people agree to allow themselves the choice. A very important choice that every individual makes on a daily basis is what to read. Libraries allow people to make their choices and help expand their knowledge in the process. Literature, whether in a library or at home, should never be rejected because of someone else's opinion. Censorship of libraris should be considered, but not at the expense of knowledge. Libraries should not be censored.
I think this idea is not a good idea as some of the students would need this information to research ideas that they would need to write in a report or rectify in a final. The reason the library is there for students to have and take advantage of to take the time to research what they need for their lessons. knowing myself I put in the time I need to do my classwork so that I know what I need in the report so I know I'm doing it right and not just making it up something that I could just paste into the report. I see it is important to keep the materials in the library for the convenience of having what is needed to find a celebrity who is important to keep in touch with. If you're writing in the journal, you need the information you can get your hands on to keep all the college students up to date with how the celebrity lives there live. If students are ready to graduate and need to go online to research what kind of colleges they might attend before leaving @ ORGANIZATION1 so that they can be ready to be ready in the world in which they were supposed to live to start a life and accomplish something our parents couldn't do. The library's interest in inspiring some of the readers in the class to go out and read a book that can show the situation about the benefits to your health by searching the cancer book for information on how the sun is going and how it goes tanning bed can cause skin cancer and can injure your skin just by making you look older by becoming a self-tanner. I think the library situation should be used for our education and our benefits to learn more from the book and read it much more interesting than just watching a show or rerun of a tv show or even movies that show all of it. the action in a movie you can get from a book with more details
It really doesn't matter to me because I only go to the library to buy a book when my teacher at school does. But a library should be able to put whatever it wants on a shelf because the library is divided into sections for children, young adults, and adults. If a person doesn't like what they see on a shelf in a library, they don't need to look at it or check it out. Just because a person doesn't like them doesn't mean that someone doesn't like them. Libraries don't make people look or verify something they don't like. so why do people complain about it. They can buy books, movies, and music for free, unless they're late. So people stop complaining about what the library has on its shelves.
In @ LOCATION1 @ DATE1 there are many libraries which are available to the public with an endless amount of information. All of this information gives us many opportunities in life to discover new paths and paths to take. What if some of this information had a bad influence on our world? What if some of this information changes people's outlook on life, and who are people? Libraries contain offensive and provocative books, movies and other things that can potentially harm the behavior of all human beings. Censorship in libraries needs to be established and defined as the people of @ LOCATION1 come from many different places, which makes @ LOCATION1 very diverse. Something in a book @ MONTH1 should not be offensive to an individual, even if it could be offensive to someone else. Magazines, films, books, etc. need to be considered and determined if this is suitable for people at certain @ CAPS1, whether that is creating a children's section for books and movies, or having knowledgeable assistance to help what people are looking for. Sections in libraries organize the library by providing easier access to where things are. In libraries, there are search engines to help people find information in a particular place. The advantage of having sections split based on people's @ CAPS1 is that it separates the mature section from the immature section which is having the two in one. Children normally have a separate section for children's books while adults or older and more mature teens have a section to collect their important information. An example of a bad situation would be if it were a book located in the children's section that talks about drugs and alcohol. Children who have scrutinized this book would be confused because they do not understand what drugs and alcohol are. They might learn bad things about it and children tend to think that they are invisible which prompts them to try anything or everything that could possibly take their lives. It is common sense. Sections in libraries help to establish a sense of organization, although personal assistance is also helpful. Personal assistance and help with finding information in libraries is very helpful, although they need to be mature, understand and know that these are books in libraries that might relate to offensive material . Assistance can help us determine if the person looking for information about something and there is inappropriate material in the book, the assistant can notify the person. Because there is an endless amount of information, I think there will be books left on the shelves for many people to find out. Whenever I visit a library, there are always books on the shelves, and when I ask for help, they help me find what I'm looking for. They warn me against offensive or provocative images and the like and help me with the utmost respect. The assistance can help to avoid any sort of confusion with books, movies, etc. Helpers are ready to help people find what they are looking for and warn people and know the offensive things that are in every book, movie, etc. Personally, I believe that freedom of expression comes into play in libraries. Writers and authors write about information that is fact or also opinion, and generally people learn topics that people like or want to find out about. Censorship in libraries is necessary for people to know about it, although the audience has no right to not let anyone read a particular book because it is inappropriate or provocative. Everyone in @ LOCATION1 has the right to read what they want. Certain measures must take place eg towards minors because otherwise it could lead to problems or disasters, but there should not be a law prohibiting a child from reading anything. There is no book that should be thrown away because every word that comes out of people's mouths is useful, no matter how ridiculous it is. Even though it is the most ridiculous thing you have ever heard, this particular person who said something made you think and this thought process helped you make a decision in your life that was to come. It would be more about opinion-based writing. In setting the record straight, it is something that stays in people's heads and is recorded in the brain like a Word document. This document which is saved can be edited and saved again even if the knowledge is offensive. Offensive factual information is hurtful to some, even if it means it happened or is true. there is an endless amount of information in the world and that information, including opinions, would empty the shelves of books
What would you say if your library was censored? Would you believe it would be fair to have censorship in the library? Well I'm here to explain my belief on censorship in the library. My opinion is that some items should be censored, but we don't want to punish everyone just by taking books off the shelves altogether. If I were an adult, I wouldn't want my child to rent very graphic books, magazines, etc. but I wouldn't want to block his whole life. There may also be different censorship on individual people. One idea is to have a parent decide what type of censorship you can impose on a child by putting it on their library card. Censorship would be a great way to help parents watch what their children read and watch. A good suggestion for this is what I just mentioned, personal censorship. This would prevent the child from reading novels that are too graphic for his age and it would not offend the parents. Also for magazines, films, etc. rated X, I think they shouldn't be taken off the shelf and just moved to a different, secluded area. It can be offensive to parents when they bring their children, so move it to a location where children cannot access that area. Censorship on books can also be completely outrageous. Many books contain graphic elements, but are also great read and can have great moral to learn. The graphic parts of books are like the graphic parts of our lives, it's going to happen no matter what and we can't escape it. Let the child, adolescent, or anyone else read the book if they are mature enough to read it and do not remove it from the shelf. Just because it is offensive to some, others also want to read the book. You @ MONTH1 make some people happy with this idea, but you will irritate others with this action as well. Another point to be made clear is that the library is also somewhat censored. Libraries are organized into sections by categories of books. Some books are classified according to the age at which they are intended. Once you get into the actual novels it's not really like that, but for younger people it is, and people can see it working like a censor in a way. When you reach a higher level of reading, you'll probably be old and mature enough to choose what you think is right to read and what isn't. That being said, there really doesn't need a lot of censorship in libraries. Unless you have personal censorship on the younger ones. There is no need to punish those who have done absolutely nothing wrong with the community and others when all they want to do is just check the items in the library.
Wherever a person goes, there is always a media source. Media can range from newspapers and magazines, to radio and television. The media are used to inform citizens of events that are taking place and to provide entertainment. Many media outlets contain photos, languages, etc. which can be considered offensive to citizens. Media materials should not be removed from the shelves if they are found to be offensive. In @ ORGANIZATION1, citizens have freedom of expression. With censorship, authors, directors, singers and other producers are deprived of this right. If the government enforces the censorship law, people cannot say what they really want or think about a topic. Moreover, with censorship, citizens are deprived of their right to watch and listen to whatever they choose. Not everyone has the same opinion on what should and should not be blocked in the daily media. Parents and certain groups have a huge effect on the production of censorship. Parents and these groups complain that books, television and other media are offensive and otherwise " harmful " to their child, and that they should be removed from media sources. I believe if a parent is concerned about what their child is watching then they should take matters into their own hands by not letting the child see that material instead of censoring it so that the rest of the people cannot watch it. Parents and certain groups should not let the rest of the world be overlooked in their choice of watching certain programs and reading certain things. Censorship can include anything from photos to language to reporting. People who think offensive material should be blocked for young viewers and other people do not understand that at some point in a person's life they will come across this material. Sometimes, to understand a major world event, like the death of @ LOCATION2, you have to understand the violence and the forces that were used. If this material is taken offensively, no citizen will truly understand the real history and background of events on a global scale. Censorship effects everyone , from a small child to an adult adult. It can deprive people of certain knowledge and understanding of certain concepts. Censorship should not be allowed in @ LOCATION1 and other parts of the world due to the lack of citizens' freedom of speech and the rights we as citizens uphold.
I believe that some materials such as books, music, movies, magazines and others can be taken off the shelf. I think when we clean the shelf @ CAPS1 needs to be removed from the shelf. Other times I don't think they should be taken off the shelf unless you clean up. I am a @ CAPS2. I always try to do the right thing. And every day my parents have chores to do around the house and I believe these should be done first instead of doing other things. And I think it's crazy to take books and stuff off a shelf unless a shelf is full of books and stuff. And this is something that should be done. Taking anything off the shelf isn't bad. But it's not something that had to be done all the time. This is something that some people could do. It's not my thing. I always try to be obedient and behave well with others
Should a library be able to remove a book or movie from its shelves if someone finds it offensive ? I think the answer to this question should be no, because everyone in the world might find something in a library that might be considered obscene or offensive. However, if a library decides to remove every literary or artistic work in its possession that someone finds offensive, the walls and shelves of its core would be bare. I'm sure you've seen and heard a lot of people who have been offended by silly things like children's novels, pictures in magazines, and song lyrics. I know I have seen people who have turned livid because of the offense that a piece of literature or art has offended them. But seeing such reactions, I have come to the conclusion that what someone @ MONTH1 finds offensive another person might find beautiful. For example, paintings of naked men and women are seen as fake and disturbing by some, and are seen as masterpieces by others as well. Everyone has their own opinions on things, but it is not the library's job to worry about which opinions are wrong or right. There really is no way to avoid offending someone without completely cleaning the walls and shelves of a library. Quite simply anything could be considered offensive to anyone. I know that I have personally found some books on @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 disturbing because of their size. However, that doesn't mean that other people shouldn't be able to read something that a young woman finds offensive. Offensive literary and artistic works are often the best because they evoke emotions in people, although perhaps not intentional ones, and make people think. You learn a lot when you watch something that has given you strong emotions. With everything that is going on in our society and our culture today, in @ LOCATION1 and in the world, someone is bound to be offended by something every day. Religious groups @ MONTH1 are offended by the way a book cover is drawn or the pictures in a teen magazine and political leaders @ MONTH1 are offended by what journalists write about them. See, there's just no way to avoid offending people. To me, it's really surprising that libraries always worry about censorship when TV shows show sex, drugs, and violence. People are obviously offended by the TV shows that are broadcast, but, you see, that's it. TV shows are still being broadcast. Offensive or not, people still watch, just as people still read books, look at pictures, listen to music, which someone, at some point, found offensive. If a library decided to remove all offensive literary and artistic works, what would be left ? My friends, the answer is nothing. A beautiful creation of yours @ MONTH1 brings back horrible memories for someone else but that doesn't make it a bad creation. A novel that ties you in knots @ MONTH1 teaches you more than you ever learned in your whole life. I hope people realize that just because something is offensive to someone doesn't mean it's wrong. Just because someone has decided that they think a piece of literature or art is not what they want to see or read does not give them the right to deprive someone else of the chance to read it or see it. As you can clearly see, libraries shouldn't waste their time with censorship because no matter how hard you try, someone will find something that bothers them.
Everyone has their favorite music they listen to or their favorite book to read even if it offends a certain group or type of people. People are still reading it or listening to it. And the people who write the books or write the lyrics to a song are just expressing themselves. I believe that anything that is offensive should not be censored because it is a way for people to express themselves. I listen to music all the time as long as I love the way it sounds. What the lyrics say doesn't really matter to me and I'm sure it does to a lot of people. But there are certain songs that people feel they can relate to, so they actually listen to what the song says. I don't really read a lot because I'm picky about the books I read. This is not the case for everyone, however. A lot of people love to read because it makes them feel like the book is taking them to a different world. It is an escape for them from everyday life. Which I can understand why someone would want to escape. Movies are like books, but you get a visual of what's going on. Which makes it more entertaining than a book. So more people prefer to watch a movie. But the movies don't have all the details of the book, so the books are more fulfilling. And just because someone doesn't like a movie doesn't mean that there isn't someone who loves because there is. So my conclusion is that everyone is different, they like different things and they don't like different things. But just because someone doesn't like something doesn't mean someone else won't like it. Like I said, everyone is different. So why can't the documents they read or watch also be different?
As a teenager I try to grow up, find my way in life and find ways to express myself. I don't believe that some documents, such as books, music, movies, magazines etc. should be censored in libraries. Everyone has their own opinion about things like the music we listen to or the books we read. I believe young kids like middle school / preschoolers should be censored from violent songs and movies but for high school kids and older ones I think this should be our choice. I think if libraries genuinely believe that a book or magazine is genuinely offensive, they shouldn't allow it to be published. Not everyone will love every book or every type of music that exists. We should be able to get the books we love from libraries. As Katherine Paterson put it, “And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us.” If the libraries are able to remove the music books, etc. because they think they are offensive, there would be no books left for us to read or songs for us to listen to. I think high school kids and older people should be able to decide for themselves what kind of books they read or what music they listen to. If you don't like a certain type of music then don't listen to it, if you don't like the way a book is written then don't read it. No one is forcing you to read or listen to something you don't want. Books that @ MONTH1 are offensive to some @ MONTH1 are revealing to another. In the books we learn about war and things that I find horrible and unnecessary, but sometimes it is a fact of life and the things that we can find offensive in the books are usually things that happen in the real world. life. I think young children should be censored books and music that might be offensive because they are not old enough to know what is right or wrong, and they do not know what to do with violent information in books about war and music with swear words. In conclusion, I think libraries should only censor books that are deemed offensive to parents of younger children and in the younger sections of libraries.
I believe that some documents should not be taken off the shelves of a library. Libraries are supposed to provide people with the various media that they need. This action will result in three things: business loss, inconvenience, and a narrowing of people's book selection. The number one reason libraries shouldn't be censored is that they won't lose customers. Just like any other industry, libraries need people to use their multimedia material, such as: books, magazines, music, etc. in order to stay in business. The point that a lot of people go to the library is to get certain magazines, or movies, and so on, and to get rid of certain movies and / or magazines is to get rid of certain users. Another reason is that the loss of business will result in the loss of clients, and if there are no clients to view the multimedia documents, the library will be closed. No one wants their library closed, so libraries shouldn't be censored. In addition, parents, instead of having an entire library censored, censor what children receive from libraries. One way is to involve local libraries in placing restrictions on cards for young children. For example, if a thirteen-year-old wants to watch a movie rated @ CAPS1, he will not be able to do so. The restriction of his card could be films classified @ CAPS2 or @ NUM1. Another way is to have an adult monitor what the child receives from the library. For example, if a thirteen year old wants to get @ NUM1 movies, only allow him to get one at a time. This will reduce the risk of offending a parent or guardian. Finally, there would be nothing left in the libraries. One of the reasons is that out of all the books in the library I'm sure at least one person is offended by each one. Does this mean that every library should close its doors? No, of course not, that just means if something offends someone at their local library, stay away. Do not read this book, movie, magazine, etc. A second reason is not to go to this library if the material it contains is offensive to people's beliefs or religion. Libraries offer a lot of things to help people learn more about a certain belief, so they shouldn't be censored. Sometimes what is considered offensive to one person is essential to another. In every book in every library there is something that people most likely think should be censored. But they have to come to understand that these same books help people tremendously. These same books transform lives and are read to improve their understanding of something. So I will never think that the library should be censored.
The freedom to choose is something that each person can have, such as the type of clothes you wear. Censorship in libraries should not be allowed because everyone should have the right to choose. Additionally, there are other ways to prevent kids from getting inappropriate books besides removing books from the library altogether. Censorship in libraries shouldn't happen because if someone is eighteen they should have the right to choose what they want to watch anyway, parents can censor the books and movies they want. they want kids to read and see, and there are offensive and inappropriate things about television that everyone has access to as well. First of all, if a person is eighteen, they should be allowed to read any books they want because they are an adult. Eighteen year olds can go to @ CAPS1 rated movies that would probably be as bad as a book. In our society, people who are eighteen can do almost anything they want because they are free. For example, adults can search the Internet for whatever they choose, just like everyone else, regardless of their age. So if they wanted to read a book like this, they could probably get it from the internet, even though they can't in libraries. Therefore, with today's technologies, censorship would make no difference. Then there are ways to prevent kids from reading inappropriate books besides removing the books from the shelves altogether. For example, if parents are so worried that their children are reading inappropriate books, then they should take their children to the library themselves and tell their child what they can and cannot read. If parents don't censor what their child reads, then those parents @ MONTH1 want the child to read whatever he / she chooses. If their parents have chosen to let their child read the book, then it is their choice, not just anyone else. The choice of which book the child reads should be made between the parent and the child. Finally, there is so much in the world that could offend other people besides a book. For example, people offend others all the time with words they say. People hear about all the fights because the person was probably offended by something someone else said. There is also television. The television broadcasts inappropriate programs all the time, but anyone can access it if they wish. Additionally, there are shows on TV that might have to do with racism or an overweight person. These things offend people every day. Therefore, we should not take books off the shelves just because there is a possibility of offending someone, when a person could be offended by so many other things in the world rather than a book. . In conclusion, library books, magazines, and movies should not be taken from public shelves just because they are unsuitable for certain children. Eighteen year olds are adults who should be able to choose whatever they want. Additionally, if parents are concerned that their child is reading inappropriate books, they can monitor this on their own. Plus, people are offended by other people every day, so books, magazines, and movies aren't the only things in the world that might be offensive. If the person thinks a movie or book is offensive to them, then don't watch it! Everything in our lives should not be controlled by someone, so people should relax and allow some freedom of choice.
These days there are many types of shit in libraries alongside books. There are music, movies, magazines and many more. There are all kinds of things and resources that you can find in libraries. Do you think there are any materials that should be taken off the shelves if they are found to be offensive ? What do you think? I think it should not be removed. Even these are things you don't want kids to know, someday they will. Once we take it off the shelves, more stuff, information is going to be removed. After all, nothing is going to be flaky. There is a lot of information in this world. Growing children learn all kinds of things from parents, books and other media. Parents want to let their children learn as much as possible. However, there are some things parents don't want children to learn. You have to think of it this way. That the children will grow up and become adults, then they will know anyhow. Why would you leave the shelves, if they want to know somehow ? What's the point about this ? Doesn't taking it off the shelves help kids not to know it? I don't think there is any point in doing that. Katherine Paterson, the author, said, “We can all think of books that we hope none of our children or other children have pulled off the shelves. But if I have the right to take that book off the working shelf that I hate, then you have the exact same right and everyone else too. And then we don't have any books on the shelf for any of us ”. I agree with Catherine. Once books or other media are deleted for any reason, other items will be deleted for other reasons. I don't think it should be deleted, like Katherine said there will be nothing for the kids. If nothing is planned for children, what is the point of having libraries ? I think some materials like books, music, magazines and many more should be taken off the shelves if they are found to be offensive because children will know and need to know in order to be adults. In addition, there will be nothing for children in the libraries.
Should any offensive materials on the shelves be removed from the shelves ? I think that some material, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc. which are offensive to people should not be taken off the shelves. These materials are taken into perspective by all kinds of people. Offensive materials should not be removed from the shelves because something that is offensive to one person @ MONTH1 is not offensive to another. People take things differently from others. For example, a woman may find a book disturbing or offensive, while the man next to her may find the same book interesting and useful to him. No one person is the same, so not everyone will take offense at the same. I also believe that if someone doesn't like the object that offends them, they don't need to look at, buy or pay attention to that object that is there on the shelf. He doesn't have to buy, read, or watch what offends them. The material that offends that person is not meant to offend them, it is there for the people who care so that they can benefit from whatever they might be doing. Therefore, I don't think the offending materials should be taken off the shelves. People have a right to things they like. A document should not be taken off a shelf just because someone is offended by it. Different people have their own perspective on things and their own opinion on the way things are.
The thought that Katherine Paterson had in her quote is quite understandable. If we were to censor books, there would be nothing to read in libraries. If you really tried, in every book you might find something offensive. I agree with her somewhat; however, I believe there should be rules for the placement of books. Books are meant to be read and taking them out would be horrible for anyone who loves books in this world. There are some things about where the books are in the library that is up for debate. Personally, I think children's books should be on the opposite side of the building from adult books and other reading materials. By doing this, you are mostly preventing children from entering an area that is not suitable for their age. Reading material for adolescents should be kept separate from children's books and reading material for adults. That way, they're not around the material that's "over their heads", so to speak. If that was done, parents' spirits could be reassured for the time being. They wouldn't have to worry about their child or teen finding reading material inappropriate or offensive. Books that some people find offensive should be categorized, such as " @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 ". They should also be categorized as '@ CAPS3', '@ CAPS4' or 'Other'. By doing this, most of the time that someone would have been offended is prevented from happening. While there will be times when people will still find these books, and @ MONTH1 will be offended, @ CAPS5 is obligatory that we do our best to limit these times. All necessary precautions must be taken. At the same time, we should not take books from the shelves that might offend some. By removing a book from a shelf, we would be eliminating a @ CAPS2 room or even lifelong lessons that are difficult to teach without experiencing them yourself. Books offer so much to us as humans, from @ CAPS2 to entertainment to even a form of comfort. Books are important to everyone, whether or not they realize @ CAPS5. We have a lot to learn from books, and we have a lot to offer our future members of the human race through books. I support Katherine Paterson's belief that removing books from libraries destroys the purpose of having them at hand. At the same time, I think there are ways to limit the times when people would be offended by something. Deleting books would destroy countless years of @ CAPS2, past thoughts and experiences. Books should never be removed from libraries just because they @ MONTH1 are deemed inappropriate.
I don't think there are any documents that should be taken out of our libraries. If they take the books that people get a learning expression from, then what does that leave us. Everyone in life should have their own chocolates, we shouldn't limit them. It's about making chocolates in life, people should be allowed to read books, magazines, etc. the material they receive is not natural. What one person @ MONTH1 thinks is not good, read the next person might think otherwise. Music is a creative aspest in our world, the @ CAPS1 person you meet is not the same then @ CAPS3 should be. You can't have the same ideas when it comes to creating your creative look on your community's music, it won't turn out the same as everyone else. If it did, then the world would be a boring place to live. I think @ CAPS1 has musical tastes. If you're the right age and you're not hurting anyone, then what's the big deal about signing up for music that makes you get creative. There are a lot of movies that some parents might think are not good for their kids to watch. I think we shouldn't be so worried about what our kids are watching and more so about what they are doing. I think the movie @ CAPS1 you are watching has a secret point, in other words the lesson learned in the story. Some fixes that occur in real life may be on a movie that is likely rated @ CAPS2. I don't think we should focus on evaluating the movie, we have to focus on the lesson the movie teaches you. The kids of the world are going to have to make their own chocolates and what they find interesting, @ CAPS3 should we group anything that we think is not. We need you to let the children grow up on their own and also learn on their own. You cannot force someone to listen, read or watch what they want them to do. In conclusion, we need to let not only the kids but everyone get the chocolate they want. The world is changing everyday, so we have to change our ideas with it.
When they walk into the library, children find books, movies, and magazines that they shouldn't be looking at. It can be offensive. I believe it is not the authors' fault for the offensive language in their work. I can understand that parents can get upset if their child is reading a book that they shouldn't be looking at. My opinion is that students should be able to choose what they want to read and if that offends them they should stop reading the book. I think the student or the adult should know whether it is harmful to the student or not. Censorship at the library is about finding books that anyone can read. I think they shouldn't ban anything in the library as it can be used for something useful to the person. I find it hard to believe that libraries remove all offensive books, movies, or music from the shelves because the item rating can be horrendous. I don't think it should be a good idea for them to ban things in libraries if they need to use the information from the book. If this offends them, they shouldn't read the book and choose another book. Authors work too hard to write their book and go through the publishing process. My opinion is no because I think they shouldn't remove items from library shelves because the content of the article is not appropriate for someone. My opinions may vary when I am older and have children of my own. But at the moment I don't think they should take the items off the library shelves
Do you believe that certain documents, such as books, music, movies, magazines, should be taken off the shelves if they are found to be offensive? No, I don't believe there are any materials that should be removed if they are found to be offensive. Today, many kids are in gang activity because they see parents, older siblings, or even friends, so they decide to do the same because they feel cool. Teenagers these days really don't care about movies or music. Not all music or movies are offensive. So we can't blame that. We can only blame ourselves for allowing our kids to watch movies @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 listen to uncut music. We choose this lifestyle for our kids, so we can't really blame the music and movies. The people who make their uncut music or @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 movies don't care who watches it or what would affect them on the kids and parents either. They're just trying to make a living like everyone else. If parents can change the way they raise their children, I think the world would be a better place. Just because some say offensive movies, music, or even magazines should be removed doesn't mean it is to blame. These are the parents who chose to say it was okay if their child should listen to or watch offensive music and movies.
I certainly don't think that books, magazines, etc. should be removed from library shelves simply because they are offensive to a number of people. For one of the reasons, in @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 it says you have freedom of speech and when you write a book or magazine article you write a story about what you want and if it is. put on a shelf. at location @ CAPS1, it should stay there. Also, just because it's offensive to a certain group or person doesn't give anyone the right to take something from the library shelves because the author says whatever he wants. Moreover, in magazines today there are a lot of things offensive to certain people such as celebrities, sports stars etc. If you were one of those people who picked up a book or magazine from a shelf I think you should ask others what they think of this material because some people @ MOIS1 like it. Also, if you keep taking all the books off the shelves, what will we be reading and educating about today, and reading stories that have been told for generations ? If you see one of these reading materials and they offend you, just put it back on the shelf ; and pretend you've never picked it up.
I don't think certain books or anything should be taken off because people like different things. Someone might have wanted to get this book. I don't think it would be fair to take it off. When I was in sixth grade, I was with a foster family that I hated. They wouldn't let me listen to the music that I liked. They thought it was bad for children to listen to. All they wanted me to listen to was Christian music and I didn't like it. My former adoptive parents used to try to take away from me what they thought was the “devil” in me. They made me read the Bible every night. They tried to force religion down my throat. I think that's maybe one of the reasons I'm not religious. They didn't even let me listen to this band because they released a song about this girl's husband who was having an affair with her. Everyone should have their own opinion and be able to choose what they like or what they listen or watch. When parents are so strict, it usually makes kids want to do whatever they tell them not to do. If you don't let someone watch, listen, or read whatever they want, it might not be very easy for them to express themselves. They couldn't show what they really like. They would do something they don't even like and that's not fair. Everyone should be able to express themselves and what they like.
One of @ CAPS2's @ CAPS1 amendments is freedom of speech, this amendment gives freedom of speech to anyone who has something to say, as long as what they have to say does not interfere with the @ CAPS2 from others. It's been a long time since @ CAPS1 from @ CAPS2 was signed, but even today there are still questions on the subject; should people be allowed to censor books? This is an issue that has been contested throughout human history and has been the subject of great controversy for many years. Some say you should have the right to censor a book they find offensive. However, if we took the time to think about it, @ MONTH1 would see that if everyone had the right to censor a book they despise, there would be no more books in the world. In a population that contains so many different cultures and ethnicities, and reaches almost every corner of @ LOCATION1, writing a book that everyone could enjoy and not find offensive might be an impossible task. We at @ LOCATION1 live in a very diverse society, and literature has, over the decades and centuries, adapted to different types of customs, cultures and religions so that everyone can find a book they like. The lifestyle we live @ MONTH1 is different from that of others, but we must respect and accept the different ways of living, just like literature. It's like being in school, several times there was this student that the rest of the class considered to be really different. Our teachers taught us to be nice and to accept this student for who he is and that everyone is not the same. Even after this and many other articles have been written on the subject, it will still be a matter of debate. This is because everyone is different and has their own opinions. Some say it's a great idea, and others say everyone has a right to their own way of life. However, the problem will continue, because after all, we are all different and have our own opinions.
I think censorship in libraries is and is not a good idea because some people would not be able to read what they want. I have read world war books @ CAPS1 and a wide selection of others and if they remove them just because they are offensive I have nothing to read. If I find a book that I find offensive, I just put it back and I don't receive it. I think they should age books like this book is for ages @ NUM1, and especially movies and magazines because kids don't need to read or see certain things because books and movies sometimes refer to drugs, alcohol and murder. I don't think the music is a big deal because the music isn't very influential, but the music videos are sometimes bad. Movies sometimes go too far and I wouldn't want my kids to watch them, so I wouldn't mind if they took them off the shelves if they were offensive. I don't think books should be taken off the shelves because parents should know what the kids are reading. anyway. I would at least check the book or magazine before giving it to my kids, just like other parents. There will always be offensive books and movies, so it's the job of parents to make sure kids don't get those kinds of books or magazines.
I think other library materials such as music and art should remain active in public libraries or school libraries. They show symbolic meaning to the ever-changing world as we know it. People have different beliefs about everything, I don't care what you say, everyone always has a different opinion on anything and everything. So keep believing what you wanna believe is good, but don't spoil it for others, you've heard the saying before, 'if you don't have anything nice to say then don't say anything at all' , well, they should remember that saying and stick to it. During my school years, no one protested against some reading materials in public libraries because everyone read what they wanted because the library provided people with the materials they wanted to read. Let's say a person wanted to read a book about the fall of the wall from @ LOCATION1, the library says they don't have and will not carry such a reading history, the person will be angry even if they can find the book elsewhere but she should still be able to find this book in this library. This is the story of this world and they should know it. It compares to people who want to destroy the history made in this world, the people of history risk their lives there to be recognized in this world, it fully compares to the subject. I hope this essay will give the protesters a second thought on the subject they are bickering over. That's it
I believe that libraries should not censor their literature, all our media are a source of knowledge to be discovered. No one should be able to decide what is appropriate for the public to know. The right to decide what is right for us and what is not for us should not be decided by libraries. This right should remain with each person, so that they can decide what is right for them. Over the past thousands and thousands of years, media has grown at an incredible rate through books, music, movies and magazines. With all of this media we have learned a lot that we use today from past trials and failures. The media is always there and reminds us of our past mistakes, to make sure they don't happen again. The great thing about all the media we have today is that we haven't even learned all we can and want from them. Some of our @ MONTH1 media are not the most appropriate things, but there is still a lot we can learn. It @ MONTH1 makes some people angry and if it does, they should stay away from it. It is not fair to get rid of certain parts of the media because what one person @ MOIS1 finds immoral and wrongly someone else @ MOIS1 can somehow learn from it. If you are offended by any part of the material thing, you should avoid it, not get rid of it for everyone. Our media are very powerful and should not be censored. The media have an incredible impact on the world, so we shouldn't try to hide any part of it. We haven't even seen half of what the media can do
Do I think that some documents, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc. should be taken off the shelves if they are found to be offensive ? No, it should not be deleted. Katherine says, “I have the right to take this book off the shelf, this job that I hate. @ CAPS1 of all, she may have the right to do this, but there are people who have a say in it. There are people who can read, listen, watch and see what they like. Definitely I really think it shouldn't be deleted even though it doesn't have some positive things. While it may offend some people, they have a choice to see, watch, listen to, and read it. A lot of people might agree with the author on what she thinks about this. However, a lot of people might be against it. One of the reasons I think people should be allowed to see, watch, listen and read anything they would like to see is because it's their own choice. We make our own decisions whether people like it or not. Another reason would be that people would like to see the fun things that people make up and actually do the shows. Some people don't like to be bored of the same thing. The author, Katherine Paterson, is right in some ways. She wouldn't want her kids to see inappropriate things. I have a daughter and I wouldn't want her to see things that are awful. The last reason would be that children should not be allowed to see inappropriate things until they are eighteen or older. These things can influence children very intensely. Indeed, a lot of people in this world are influenced by bad things. The author said: “ So you have exactly the same right and everyone else too. " It's true, it means that we choose what our children would like to see. For example, there is a magazine full of negative words and awful stuff. Would you take it off the shelf so your child doesn't have a chance to see it ? You should do this if you love your child even if it is your own choice. You would like your child not to see, read, watch, or listen to inappropriate things. In conclusion, it would be your choice. There will always be things in the world that you don't like. You can't stop terrible things from happening. In libraries there shouldn't be anything negative anyway because you never know what your child might be doing. Simply, teach your child what is wrong and what is right. Finally, from what you've been through. Teach them the right things from the bad things you learned so they don't make the same mistake you do.
I think all types of books should be accessible to all types of people. A library should never be intended for a certain group of readers. As far as I'm concerned, books are creativity in the form of text. Creativity is an integral part of life and without it we would all be the same. There is at least one book for every person in the world, and it doesn't matter whether reading is a hobby or not, there is a book that will interest you. It is not fair for everyone to remove books from library shelves because of “ offensive ” content . With different personalities come different writers. With different writers come different books. With different books come different readers. There are a lot of people who love to read. What will the people who @ MONTH1 like about “ offensive ” content do when these books are taken off the shelves ? Books are written for two reasons: to allow authors to express themselves and to give readers the chance to explore and connect with the imaginations of authors. I think if a writer has the ability to put whatever he wants in a book, that book should be accessible to everyone.
Have you ever been to a library and found an offensive book? In my opinion, I think books, music, movies, magazines, etc. are in the library for a reason. The reason being to say if we wanted to watch a movie and everywhere else it was too expensive to get it, why wouldn't you just get it in the library if they had it. Most of the libraries I have been to have some sections for adults and children. This means that there would be some appropriate things for small children to read in the section given to them. If underage children were to stray into the adult section, it would be their fault if they saw anything inappropriate, not the libraries. If that was the case if every time a child or minor picked up an offensive book, I think libraries wouldn't have as many books in their buildings that adults would like to read. Of course, I'm not trying to say that there should be some extremely inappropriate books roaming the library that little children should see. I'm just saying that adults have the right to have books that interest them. When I went to the libraries I found books that I enjoyed reading and I'm not the type of person who just picks up a book and gets interested in it right away. There are books, movies, magazines, and music that have weird titles that might offend some people, but these are the ones that are read, listened to, or watched the most. I believe that no material should be taken off the shelves just because someone has found it offensive. If the person does not like the idea that the people in the library do not remove the material ; it is the personal problem of the person I think. For example, there's this book called '@ CAPS1' and it's about a teenage girl who really got into drugs and got pregnant at a young age. This book was one of the best-selling books in the world. If someone took this offensive and asked for the book to be taken down, then it's their downfall. I mean, if there was a book on how to kill someone, then yes I would ask that this material be taken off the shelf immediately. Except no library in this whole world would have that stuff, so why bother. If there were to be this kind of situation, it would be weird. But I highly doubt that it will happen at some point in time. So in conclusion this is my opinion on it
Offensive material should not be removed from the shelves at all. The books are written on a variety of topics, from love to science fiction. Everyone is offended by something; if we could all delete a book that we found to be offensive, the human race would stop reading. @ PERSON1 had to demonstrate this in a similar aspect to the congress regarding his musical lyrics. @ PERSON1 is the reason there is an '@ CAPS1' sticker on @ CAPS2 that contains offensive lyrics. Books SHOULD be censored by @ CAPS3. It hides the thoughts, ideas and meanings of the authors behind their writings. I have read hundreds of books from @ LOCATION2 to @ LOCATION1. The aspect that a parent is worried about what their children might read implies that parents need to intervene. Having a one-on-one discussion about the context of books with their child might resolve this discomfort that parents have about books. Pre- @ CAPS4 to @ CAPS5 to @ CAPS6 requires many stages of physical and menatal growth. Through these phases, children learn from a variety of sources, including negative ones. It is up to parents to ensure that the generation of tomorrow can portray what is true and what is false. My grandma shared a memory from when I was @ LOCATION1 learning to read. I was reading a magazine @ CAPS7 ; yes the magazine is for adults but i got the skill to read it. A skill that will propel me towards job opportunities and help me in everyday life.
Over the years, many events have taken place in our history. Throughout these periods, events were recorded, logged and filmed. These thoughts, opinions and facts @ MONTH1 are offensive to the privileged few of our @ CAPS2. The question is, " Should our libraries remove these ' offensive ' items from the shelves ?" " The simple answer to this controversial question is no. Censoring our libraries would be harmful and wrong for the general public to do. Censorship of our libraries creates the illusion of a perfect @ CAPS2. If libraries were filled with tacky items and perfect fairy books, the library would become a place where reality is not present. Libraries hold raw, true information without leaving the facts behind. People need to get a taste of reality to survive in the “ real @ CAPS2 ” and one of the best ways to gain this knowledge is through books. Being exposed to offensive content and different points of view helps us become who we are or will become. Removing this would harm our development and growth, creating an “ imperfect ” @ CAPS2 . Some points of the story are not something everyone can be proud of. The genocide of @ CAPS1, @ LOCATION1 and @ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4 are all devastating times that can be a touchy subject for one or a few people. However, history is an important factor in everyone's life; we know history so as not to repeat it. The loss of this information is a way for people not to be clearly informed, which is detrimental to the future of our society. Without a public record of these events, it can cause confusion and mistaken views on important matters. If we censor all media in libraries across the country, ordinary people like you would be living in the dark. As people develop their own opinions and points of view, they begin to differentiate between right and wrong. Your rights @ MONTH1 are someone else's wrong. Let @ MONTH1 be offensive to you, @ MONTH1 not be offensive to the person sitting next to you. Quoted by author Katherine Paterson, " ... if I have the right to take this book off the shelf ... you also have the exact same right and everyone else too." And then we don't have any more books on the shelf for any of us. In truth, by removing offensive material from our shelves, there would be no more media. Not everyone will have the same opinion on the issues that matter, but that's why @ CAPS2 is circulating. As a society we have the right to protect our ability to share our opinions, censorship destroys our ability to do so. Everyone is different. The @ CAPS2 is full of diversity and points of view that are full of interesting concepts. By censoring the archives of history, opinions, observations, our @ CAPS2 becomes an illusion. We need to make these facts available to the general public. By getting rid of “ offensive ” media , we cannot share our opinions with each other for a more successful @ CAPS2. Censorship should not be allowed in libraries as it hinders our growth as a society and is the wrong thing to do overall
There are books, music, movies, magazines, etc. which are not suitable for children. Getting them banned from the shelves shouldn't even be an issue, if kids shouldn't read it, watch it or listen to it then it's parents' responsibility to make sure they don't. I don't think they should take that kind of books, movies, or music off the shelves because what about teenagers who love them or adults too. He's just going to take them off for the kids but lose the things of the adults and teenagers. It doesn't make any sense at all. I think that either the child should know what he or she can read, watch or listen to, and if he or she cannot, then it is up to the parent or an adult around him to let him know what that he can choose. One way to solve the problem may be to separate offensive books, music, or movies from those that are suitable for children. It would make everything a lot easier for nothing to come off the shelves and lose your stuff.
I go to the library every @ DATE1 of every week. Even though I don't really read much. I usually receive movies or music. If I get a book to read, it's usually a magazine or something for school. I don't think the books should be cut. If you don't read them, that doesn't mean others aren't reading them. If you don't like the book, just ignore it and keep going. For now, if I found a book on @ CAPS1 or father @ CAPS2, I wouldn't read it for myself but I wouldn't take it off the shelf. Other people may want to read it. This is the choice to read it not mine. It's like the radio knows. The radio plays songs and cuts out curis. I don't think they should be doing this because it messes up the lyrics of the songs and goes against the artist's lyrics. The artist sings the song but people change his lyrics. For me, I don't think that's fair. It's also like television now. You see the movie in theaters or on @ CAPS3 and they have foul or frowned upon language. When you watch this same movie on TV, they take about @ NUM1 minutes out of the movie because of poor eyesight or they cut the tongue. For me, I think everything has to stay. I think if you don't want your kids to see it block it but don't cut parts of the movie it's not fair to other people. If people don't like music, just change the radio station to another area of the radio. It is not necessary to delete the words. Children will search for words at school or on the street anyway. I also think that since we have to pay so much tax, I think we should have the privilege to come home and watch movies on TV and relax
It is important to know what is going on or what has happened in the world. If @ CAPS1 is not aware, the issues can only be resolved to a short extent. There is a time when words can turn into harassment, but the limits before reaching that point can be fairly defended by free speech. @ CAPS1 must learn to teach. @ CAPS1 must teach for others to learn. Censorship in libraries is more offensive than material that is hidden. Censorship should be banned because knowledge and time are all we have and everyone should receive and give respect. If @ CAPS1 were to search the Internet for government information, this person would not find much useful information. It is a challenge to find out why same-sex marriage is illegal in some areas or if the words on the news are true. In this generation, our species depends on cell phones, websites with recent dates and news. It seems that the search time is running out. @ CAPS1 can only learn a lot from a world history textbook. It @ MONTH1 is not entirely correct. The passage of information from historian to historian over the centuries can potentially be described as the phone of the game. With such a high risk of being misled, the world needs so much information and thought. that he can get. Knowledge, whatever its content, is valuable. It can help @ CAPS1 learn from mistakes and solve problems. The world cannot afford to censor. Censorship does not change the existence of this censored author's thoughts or the reality of what happened. Hidden information could be useful. While this essay is being read, people are dying. It is easily counted: @ CAPS1, @ CAPS2, @ CAPS3. They left. Anytime, anyone and anyone can die. Time is mostly all we have. We need knowledge to get the most out of it. Everyone deserves to be heard. If @ CAPS1 were to refrain from listening when spoken to, that would be disrespectful and offensive to the speaker. Many people in underdeveloped countries do not hear their cries of hunger. Such cries make the most fortunate, well-fed and housed people like me uncomfortable. Despite such unease, this information should not be withheld from anyone. No matter how uncomfortable or offensive a @ MONTH1 material is, maybe the author is just thinking for himself. Maybe the author doesn't find this offensive and is just trying to make sense of the world because that's all @ CAPS1 can do with all the problems out there. Everyone has the right to be heard. People who think something should be censored or hidden might have completely different opinions from others. There is no absolute divine being who can accurately judge a material. People who censor could be mistaken about the content of the material. Due to the wide variety of opinions and the concept of respect, everyone should be heard. Censorship should not be allowed because time and knowledge are the precious building blocks that determine the future of mankind and no thought should go unnoticed. Censorship is a big obstacle to finding out what is going on and what has happened in the world. Truth is knowledge and knowledge is truth. It's up to the world to free it and do something with it.
People will always take offensive things. It is a fact of life. No one will ever be completely satisfied, no matter what. You can't try to please everyone, but it will never happen. We have freedom of expression even if these words are offensive to others. Things on the internet are offensive, and no one can demand the way they are seen either. The same should be true for a library. I understand a parent's concern when their child reads or listens to things that are inappropriate. Some of the things the authors write may be inappropriate or offensive. It is their freedom of expression. We can't take that away from them, but there should be some censorship at least when the books appear. For music and movies, they usually have a warning label if they are not intended for younger people. It might be a good idea for some libraries to do the same with books and magazines. To see a movie rated "@ CAPS1" you must have more than @ NUM1 and for good reason because of the mature content. The books being written are more and more mature. But if we get into the habit of being a certain age for books, we might infringe on the privacy of others. No one has the right to remove books from library shelves on the grounds that they are offensive. Who can judge if something is offensive? Libraries are publicly owned and therefore do not have a sole owner. The city owns it. If there is a problem as to whether a book should be in the library, that is the city's decision. Even if there is such an uproar around a book, unless the decision is unanimous, no book should be taken off the shelves. The book should simply be placed in a location either behind the counter or where it is available only on request. I believe taking books off the shelves robs the public of the ability to read. If a parent is concerned about what their child might read, they should confront their local librarian. Librarian @ MONTH1 will be able to help them collect appropriate and attractive books for their child.
There are a lot of things people think, do we really think things that are found to be offensive in libraries should be removed. I think if there is anything official in a library it should be removed immediately. Libraries should be a place of comfort, a place to relax, a place to read and enjoy our books, not a place where if we find something disturbing or offensive we shouldn't come. Some people may not care about the things they see and others do. Therefore, if I see anything that offends and bothers me, I will kindly ask if it could be removed from the list and book files. Now to recap, if any book or anything @ MONTH1 offends you in the library then I think it should be deleted from that library. If people find things less attractive and less shocking, it will soon do the trick and less people will come to this library. This is how I say it, making the library suitable for others, making them feel at home when they read a book, magazine, etc., not for you. It's how other people think about what's in these libraries, not what you think
It is a very difficult subject to debate. In my opinion, I think there should be certain types of censorship in libraries. Eventually everyone will be exposed to the type of material contained in some of these books etc. This material should be licensed in public libraries and high school libraries, but of course you wouldn't want to see a high school level of maturity in an elementary library. . High school students are more than likely to be exposed to inappropriate music and magazines than younger ones. If they wish to listen to music with inappropriate language, they should be allowed to do so. If there are young children doing this, it is obviously a bad thing because it teaches them bad things early in life. It's even better if they're not exposed to it at all. There are also certified books in this world that are unsuitable even for high school students, and they should be kept out of all libraries so that there is no exposure. Once they're old enough to make their own choices, it's up to them to decide whether or not they want to look at these books. There are some things that can and cannot be put into librarians. Even you should know what belongs and what not. As I come to my conclusion, there should be things like music, books, and magazines, but leave the graphics aside, kids don't need to see that stuff. It's all your own choice of things you want to read. Just make the right choice and understand what you read, watch, listen to or are around.
Teachers in schools do their best to ensure that the material that children and young adults read and see in school are appropriate for their age group. Parents also make the effort to censor what their children read, watch and listen to in order to keep them innocent. At some point in a young adult's life, that sense of censorship wears off and the teenager decides to read, watch, and listen to whatever he wants. It is like that in most cases, but is this strong sense of public censorship too old fashioned for today's society? In my opinion, yes. Censorship, to a certain extent, should not be present in libraries. There will always be something that one person finds appropriate while another finds it perfectly fine. When I was younger we would sometimes watch movies in the after-school program I attended. One movie, @ CAPS1 @ CAPS2 in particular, created a conflict. While my mom would allow me to watch the movie, some of the other kids weren't allowed to because their parents didn't find the movie appropriate. Because of this single parent family, all the kids in the program had to watch a different movie that all the parents agreed to. As @ PERSON1 finally said "we have no more books on the shelf for any of us". If libraries restricted material based on what people found offensive, there would be nothing left; people can find offensive material in almost any material this century. This is how our culture is. I'm not saying it's fair, but someone else might think so, and that person has a right to go to a library and get a book that they think is perfectly fine. In @ ORGANIZATION1, censorship was hardly ever present. This is part of what is great about this country. People can talk, believe and read whatever they want without government interference. This is not true in a lot of places and we should rate this as @ CAPS3, not to complain about it. The government does not have the constitutional right to censor material made public, there may be age restrictions, but removing material completely would be against this country's freedom policy. I agree that age restrictions are okay, but I think it's up to the parents of a child to decide what they want their child to watch or read. Overall, the issue of censorship is a bit of a gray area. In my opinion, our country is freedom driven and the censorship does not exactly follow the constitution. People can believe whatever they want, but the question will be difficult to decide. Everyone has a different take on something, which is what started this problem in the first place. When everyone learns to get along, maybe this problem can be solved then.
Today's books in libraries are sometimes offensive. Yes, I know these are things that happen in history. Other books are not, some more than others. It's about killing, shooting, taking drugs, etc. First, I don't want my kids to grow up thinking @ CAPS2 is okay with stealing, doing drugs, or anything like that. I've seen books that don't make sense and should be in libraries. Children might think these are good books to read, I think the opposite. Books that fourth graders read that contain swear words. Second, @ CAPS1 is fun to read, I know they are. You've got to look at it that way, I'm old enough to read those kinds of books, but letting little kids read these books isn't right for me or the rest of them. If it were up to me, I would remove some of the really bad books, music, movies, and magazines. @ CAPS2 is not up to me, it takes more than one person to do it. It wouldn't be fair if it all depended on me because the person next to me might not think like I am. Then @ CAPS2 is okay to take a movie and watch it or even ask for music to learn. As long as @ CAPS2 agrees to watch or take a lesson. I'm just saying what I think is right. Not everyone thinks the same. People @ CAPS3 @ CAPS1 kids watch and learn all kinds of music and movies. As long as @ CAPS2 agrees with the dying, you should be fine. Finally, children @ CAPS3 are children. Make them grow the way they want to grow. Yes, that might sound silly to the next person, but that's fine with me. At the end of the day, you still need to teach them not to lecture or do those kinds of things in the books.
Today in our society a lot can be done in different ways. Many sayings, quotes and even simple words are twisted, transformed and turned into something that they are not. Author Katherine Paterson once said that a person has the right to remove explicit harm to children from a shelf, and it is true. Even if this is true, the question really is, will it do you any good to remove these things ? In my opinion, offensive material should not be removed because a librarian might take material away from someone with no money, children - especially teens - will do almost anything for what they want, and things have a double meaning most of the time. If a librarian finds something offensive, he or she @ MONTH1 never puts that book on a shelf lest the children find the material. I think the action of the librarian is completely unnecessary. He or she @ MONTH1 may withdraw this privilege from his or her own library, but the material is still available worldwide. A child may simply go to another library, or even a store, to find the same thing. I also believe that a library should leave the book on the shelf because if an adult wants to read the book but does not have the opportunity to read it because it is found offensive. Being a teenager myself, I saw how far some people will go just to be able to get this material explicit. If a teenager goes to a library and can't find what they want there, they'll just move on to another location. Even in the most extreme cases, a teenager will take their parents' credit card and buy the item they want online. In this case, it would seem that the library having nothing because of something offensive could cause a great catastrophe. When a person listens to music or reads a book, that person may take on something different from what the writer wanted it to be. For example, a person might read a funny book that finds funny things in everyone, but the reader might end up thinking that the author was only making fun of one thing in particular ; something the reader might be involved in. Most songs these days have an excessive use of avian language, but even then that language is not meant to be taken in the same way that some people take it. Everything in life can have a double meaning, which makes it easier to find offensive material. These few chosen reasons explain why censorship in libraries is unnecessary. The responsibility should not be on the librarians, but on the parents if a librarian is concerned that a child finds material unacceptable. If the librarian does not like the material, he or she should not listen to or read it; however, that librarian should not have the privilege of listening to or reading other people's material. Katherine Paterson once said that you can hope a child can't find the material, and you can take it away, but there's nothing left for the rest of the people. With this it shows that a person cannot let a little thing spoil something for everyone
The idea of censoring books and music in our libraries has long been debated. Libraries are places where people can go to step outside of the norm and get lost in the works of other authors and musicians. I believe reading and the ability to express yourself through the powers of music is a very essential part of our lives. Censoring them would only shelter our lives and prevent the younger generations from discovering the effect words have on our emotions and day-to-day actions. Books are one of the oldest forms of information we have had over the years. I think if someone deleted information that they found offensive, it would only open the door for other people to find excuses to keep the hard work of the authors behind closed doors. Personally, I like to read. I think with every book I read, it opens the door to other beliefs and cultures that I would never have learned otherwise. Children need to be able to explore the world, to know how other civilizations are growing and functioning and how we in @ LOCATION1 function in our own little world which is becoming more and more critical every day. The only way to do that is to pick up a book from someone who has been lucky enough to experience it for themselves. I have always had a deep passion for music. When I want to relax, music helps me focus and open my mind. In my opinion, music censorship shouldn't even be something people consider. Removing music from libraries is hard for me to start trying and accepting. Freedom of speech was once a big part of our country. Now it seems everything we were taught from our big @ LOCATION2 was nothing more than a fake blanket to let the government control how we live, act and now how we choose to express ourselves. . Music is a liberating way to express yourself in a not-so-violent way. In the sixties and seventies, music was how many people protested against things like war and racism without being violent. Times have changed, however, and officials in our country no longer see it as an “ appropriate ” option . I believe that just because a company thinks something is wrong does not mean that it really is. We already care enough about what other people think, why try to judge the work of others if we cannot accept the fact that we are all different. If we all accepted the differences between the cultures of our world, there would be no debate about whether or not to censor an expressive and emotional work of art that is worth showing in our libraries.
Can you believe that some people think that books should be banned because they contain bad stuff? Well I can, kids today learn nothing but violence and curse these days. Forbidden books could be the way we fix them and make them recognize that things are bad. Nowadays only a handful of children choose to read books, the majority of them play video games and watch television. Children should not be allowed to swear or think violence is okay. Kids will read these bad books and think it's okay to shoot someone if they do something they don't like, but it's not right. Forbidden books are exactly what children need when they are younger. Banned books can have bad language and violence, but I think it's okay to let your teen or young adult read them if he's mature enough to handle it. Teens need to be mature enough to be able to read a book with a few swear words, or someone killing someone else. Some banned books don't even contain swear words; '@ CAPS1 @ CAPS2' doesn't have any swear words in any of the books, but it still remains on the banned book list to this day. Certain books, films, magazines, etc. must be removed for blasphemy and drugs. I believe someone is trying to tell the difference with the list of prohibited books. Censorship should only be used if a person is too young to understand why or what is happening when they say a bad word or do something confusing. In conclusion, I think censorship is a good thing that should be used in moderation. Children today don't need to learn about sex, drugs, swearing, violence, etc. I think if they put an age limit on what you can watch / read, that will be a more controlled topic of discussion.
I think censorship in libraries is unnecessary. There are ways you can get your child to be subjected to certain things that you don't want them to be subjected to. If you don't want your child to witness certain types of material that are on you, not on libraries. We have libraries for the sole purpose of variety what is the point of having a library if you cannot find what you want because it has offended someone. There are ways to completely remove some things from the shelf if they are this exlicet then they can be put in an adults only section. No, I don't think there are any materials that should be taken off the shelves if they are found to be offensive. One of the reasons you don't need to take certain things off the shelf is if you don't want your child to read or see certain things well, then look at them and see what they're trying to do. pick up and read or watch. Your child has nothing to do if you don't want to. Its like saying i don't like this tv show i never want my kid to see it well what are the chances the tv show will stop playing just because you are not happy with the violence , drug use, language, etc. The chances are extremely unlikely. When you don't want your kid to see this show what do you do, you watch it and prevent them from watching it, then why should there be a difference in what books they are subjected to in a library? . Another reason would be that the sole purpose of a library is to give people variety in a place where there is something for everyone. Just because you think something is horrible and no one should read, hear or see that someone else won't like it, it could be the book, magazine, cd or the someone else's favorite movie. However, a review shouldn't count. If you don't like a book, movie, magazine, CD, or disagree with the content, you are entitled to your own opinion, so don't check it, no one does. If they took something out of themselves every time they got a complaint about it, there would be nothing left. If they were about to try to accommodate everyone, they @ MOIS1 will give up and close all libraries around the world because there will be nothing left of them. Also, instead of removing them completely from the shelf if they are that exlicet, maybe create an eighteen plus section. It would solve a lot of problems. Yes, I agree that there are a few books, magazines, movies, etc. that younger people shouldn't be subjected to, but as an adult you should be able to read, watch, and hear whatever you want. This right should not be taken away just because there are children coming to libraries. Every library I've been to has certain sections in it and if your kid stays in the section where those type of books are, you should be fine. Other than that, a section of eighteen and over would solve a lot of conflict. No, I don't think there are any items that should be removed if they are found to be offensive. There are many ways to get rid of pounds completely. I don't want to go to a library someday and literally have nothing left because they take a book out every time someone has a problem with it. There is absolutely no reason why we couldn't come up with something to make everyone happy and I think having the section eighteen and over would be a good start. Overall I don't want my kid to be subjected to this stuff so keep your kid away from this stuff no one is forcing them to read anything you don't want them to read
Libraries @ CAPS1 are many libraries across the @ LOCATION1 that stock their shelves with materials such as books, magazines, music, and movies. Libraries have a purpose, I must say, having a library gives information that you cannot find elsewhere. Just think of @ CAPS1 a wide variety of everything you could possibly need in one place. Some documents such as magazines and films classified @ CAPS2 for example, should immediately be placed elsewhere on the shelves. If you want to hire them, @ MONTH1 ask for help and go from @ CAPS1. Children of all ages step into your library and are forced to find unnecessary information. In my own perspective, @ CAPS1 should be an adult section, where only adults above a certain age should be aloud or be able to verify. By keeping these materials displayed or displayed, @ MONTH1 gets children to engage in dangerous or dangerous actions. As for music, it can go both ways. Music is more of a way of life, some people can't live without it. Adults today "need music to survive" is what they commonly say. If your library decides to remove these materials from the shelves, people @ MONTH1 will be turned away and your library @ MONTH1 will lose their business. What is a library if you don't have music, books, magazines, and movies ? An empty room. Some materials that are not suitable for people of all ages should be placed high up or in their own area where not everyone is aloud. Taking such materials @ MONTH1 causes much grief. Just rearrange and make the libraries environmentally friendly so everyone is welcome and @ CAPS1 won't be a complication
Good? Wrong? Offensive or not? These are just a few of the questions asked when referring to the content of a book, magazine or even a song. Who are we to judge what is good, what is offensive, or even what is suitable for all beings? From things like books, music, movies, magazines, etc., the authors @ MONTH1 express how they feel about a given topic. While others may not like their opinion, there is nothing that can be done about it. In society, people will talk, write, sing, listen. Whether everyone is okay with that is another story. In society, no matter what the subject, there will always be at least one person who has a problem with it. The world will never be perfect! The only thing that can be done to alleviate the chaos is for people to self-censor what they @ MONTH1 ingest while reading or listening to these different books and lyrics. If someone shows so much hostility towards a given topic, then they can do whatever they want and choose not to listen / read. At the bottom of many CDs, explicit and not, there is a label, a warning which warns a person. He will briefly tell you that there is content that @ MONTH1 is not suitable for, that @ MONTH1 hurts feelings and just offends. It is then that one can choose to listen or not to the CD. Every human being has the right to freedom of expression. This does not necessarily mean that everything that is said by a being is correct; but everyone is entitled to their opinion. There are words spoken that will offend many! From @ PERSON1 using racial slurs in his speeches at @ LOCATION1 calling out women with derogatory words, to a white man calling his colored friend a nigger. People will always be offended. There are many ways of looking at life and there are many different opinions. Not everyone agrees with each other, because everyone is unique in their own way. From ethnicity to personalities, from talented athletes to smart students, and even from ancestors to religion. Everyone has something that defines them and makes them what they are. We are all special; and we all think differently. We find some slurs and words offensive, while others @ MONTH1 are not. @ NUM1 years old, when I was in @ NUM2, my class @ CAPS1 was reading a story on the '@ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4'. There were @ CAPS4 young black kids struggling to get a respected education in a white school. Times were tough then and there was still a lot of racism at @ LOCATION2. While my teacher read this book to us every day, we all sat down and listened taciturn. After the third day of reading this book, we all sat down as usual ready to finish the book. Five minutes after class started while the teacher was reading the book, she read and spoke every word in the book. In the middle of the sentence, it was written “nigger-lover”, and the professor didn't hesitate a bit as he said it. Within @ MONEY1, @ NUM3 black kids walked out of the room screaming curses at the top of their lungs. This teacher did not realize that she had offended these children by what she considered to be just reading in class. The book '@ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4' has not been censored in any way. Although many children watched it and thought some of the conditions were harsh, no one ever thought there would ever be a riot at school. Because the teacher was white and the kids didn't want her to say that word, everyone attacked her vocally. I started to realize that not everyone can be happy. There will always be at least @ NUM4 someone who will stand up and fight back against something they don't like. In '@ CAPS2 @ CAPS3 @ CAPS4' the book was not censored, but I still think it should stay on the library shelves. This book gave children a better understanding of how hard life was in the past. By keeping the language harsh, I feel like people realize how much more difficult times have been. Books, music, movies, and magazines will always have a statement that someone disagrees with, and deleting that I feel like you can't fully understand the message that the author is trying to convey. For all these reasons, I proudly say that I believe these different books, movies, lyrics and magazines should be kept on the shelves.
When deciding whether certain documents are allowed in the library, there are many different aspects that need to be taken into account. There is no particular audience that visits a library. Many types of people go to libraries looking for different things. Blocking content types will lose the audience's interest and they will go elsewhere. Now that doesn't mean offensive materials are okay and here's why. There should be an intensity level in which the element is offensive. Blasphemy and action are minor types of offense. However, intense violence and explicit materials such as blood and the like must have conditions. Categorization is an acceptable method of preventing some @ CAPS1 from viewing harmful material. Placing violent books in a blocked @ CAPS1 area of less than @ NUM1 is an effective way to restrict children. Adults would not want to enter this section and therefore would not be a problem. It is understandable that some people are offended by the material displayed in libraries because a library is a place for everyone. If the offensive items were only available to those who wanted them and hidden from the public, then this is something that might solve the problem. Many people should realize that a library is not a place for one type of person and should be shared by all types. When it comes to books, they can be placed in areas available for people who appreciate it. The same goes for magazines and movies. Cinema is a form of entertainment that receives heavy media coverage in magazines and books. Any advertising that shows explicit material or offensive images or text should be removed from public view. These advertisements should only be visible to the audience for which they are intended. If @ CAPS1 wants to use computers, rules must also be applied. @ CAPS1 under @ NUM1 should have safety precautions that prevent them from using the computer to scan for harmful material, @ CAPS1 over @ NUM1 knows how to avoid certain content and do so at their own risk. These computers should be kept separate to prevent children or anyone who finds the depleting material from peering. Listening to music on the computer or through a device should also require a few elements. If there is a song that is not preferable to a certain audience or that offends someone, headphones should be a requirement. The library is a place of peace and quiet, so headphones are still needed. This can potentially eliminate the problem as long as the headphones themselves are at an appropriate level. If @ CAPS1 wants to check out any material that is or may be offensive or explicit in some way, he must prove his age of maturity, as some articles with mild violence are available for @ CAPS1 under @ NUM1 . In conclusion, if the categorization of harmful or explicit content is placed correctly and out of sight of viewers or unwanted children, it can eliminate the problem. Music should be played through headphones only and should be at an appropriate volume. No item should be taken off the shelves if it offends people, but the conditions should be met. With rules and conditions, the library can be a safe and enjoyable place for everyone.
I think music and other things besides books should stay in the library. Honestly this is where a lot of people go and find other music, yes that might be offensive for some people but for others it is not. They have the right to say that they don't want to listen to that kind of thing, so they don't have to. The library contains more than @ NUM1 different types of music, movies, magazines, etc. So if there are so many, then why should other people limit themselves to what they read, hear, and watch ? The library is where people go to find new things and explore what others find interesting. Why would they put it there just to take it all off. I remember going to the library when I was young and looking around, saw all these other people looking at things that I had never even heard of, I was only @ NUM2, but what I mean is people become what they love, they weren't just born loving something and that's it. I think the library is perfect the way it is. I think if anything, we should put more different genres of music. I know not everyone likes the same music, so why would you want to force them to? I think the @ CAPS1.S is filling up more and more every day, that all we can do is just expand it in any way we can. Keeping in mind that not everyone likes to read books, they just find reading magazines and watching movies interesting. I know that I am a person who would much rather watch a movie or listen to music than read a book. Not everyone is the same, so why would you want to treat them that way. Being @ NUM3, and if I had to listen to Disney songs all the time, I think I would drive myself crazy. I listen to the things I listen to because I care, if someone took my music away from me, I wouldn't know what to do with myself. I guess I should just read the books I don't like and listen to the music I can't stand. Music should stay in libraries because that's where it belongs, you can't make everyone happy
In my opinion, I think we shouldn't have too offensive material on the shelves. These @ MONTH1 documents are not offensive to some people, but may be to others. They may be against the religion and the way of life of certain peoples. I have read books outside of my school library that I don't think should be found on a library shelf. Now they're putting those same books in the libraries. These books contain violence and inappropriate behavior. Are these books you want your kids to read? There are even movies that look like these books. A lot of shows are based on a book series, and this @ MONTH1 series is not good. The series may contain violence which can influence children and adolescents. Kids could see something they think is really cool on @ CAPS1, then go out and try it. They don't understand that what they are doing @ MONTH1 is not a good thing. They could have a lot more problems than they want. I know there are materials on the shelves that a lot of people say are offensive and really not offensive at all. In my opinion, the worst should be put away and only adults should be able to get them. After that, adults can choose whether or not their children should watch them. There are some who would agree with my opinion and others who would not. What do you think? Do you want your kids to watch or read something bad that could have a bad influence on the rest of their lives ? Would you like them to grow up believing that what they see in movies and read in books is all good? Or do you want them to know what they should and shouldn't do ?
I think many books in our local libraries @ MONTH1 seem rude or offensive to many readers, but I also think it has a lot to do with the maturity level of some people. For example, if you are an adult, you will probably search in the adult section. There are @ MONTH1 children browsing this same section, although their parents should watch what they check in their local libraries. While maturity has a lot to do with it, some young adult books are probably not intended for the people who read them. Some young adult books @ MONTH1 go too far, and kids reading those books probably shouldn't. I don't think everyone should have access to what they want when they want. Many parents have different rules for their children from others, and they @ MONTH1 disagree with what is displayed among these shelves for their child to check out. I remember times when I was little, my parents wouldn't always let me check out what I wanted, because I was too young to watch it in the first place. As for adults, they are free to make their own choices on what they want to check out. I don't think the adult section of the libraries needs to be so supervised, because as an adult you are free to make your own decisions. You know what's right and what isn't, and no one should have to tell you what you should or shouldn't read. The area that would concern me the most would be the young adult section. At this point, children are at a difficult growth stage where they are still learning what is right and wrong on their own. Certain books or films could significantly affect young viewers. Their parents @ MONTH1 let them watch horrible movies, and that might make them feel like what they are watching is really good. I think parents should be very involved in their children's lives and closely watch what their children read or watch. I think some books should be watched and removed from the shelves if they are deemed unsuitable for the intended age. Mainly in the sections for children and young adults, as they could take in information that they should not. I also believe that parents should be a part of their child's life and set limits on what their child watches out loud. Most importantly, I think everyone should check out books in their appropriate age section.
