Dear local paper, I think the influence of computers on people is a good skill/influence to learn because they give us time to chat with friends/new friends, help us understand the earth (astronomy) and keep us out of trouble! about things! Don't you think so? How would you feel if your child was always on the phone with friends! Do you have time to chat with your friends or business associates. Well now - there's a new way to chat with computers, and they do it with tons of sites on the internet: @ORGANIZATION1, @ORGANIZATION2, @CAPS1, facebook, myspace, and more. Now think about it, when you're in a meeting with your boss on the computer and your kid is playing with the phone, not rushing out of the car because you want to use it. How did you learn about countries other than yours? Well, I have a computer/internet and it's a new way to know what's going on in our time! You might think your kids spend a lot of time on the computer, but ask them questions about the economy, submarine expansion, or even @DATE1, and you'd be surprised how much he/she knows. Believe it or not, then reading a computer all day in class is fun. If your kids are using your computer at home or at the local library, it's better to go out with fresh friends or be forced to do things they know aren't right. You probably don't know where your kids are, @CAPS2 banned from hospital beds for driving by. Instead of your kids studying, chatting or just playing games on the computer, stay safe and sound in your home or community. Now I hope you have reached the point where you understand and agree with me, because a computer can make a big difference to you or your child, because it gives us time to chat with friends/new friends, helps us understand the planet, believe or not believe us Get out of trouble. Thanks for listening.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I believe that using a computer will benefit us in many ways, such as talking and being friends through sites like facebook and mysace. Using computers can help us find coordinates, locations, and give ourselves access to millions of pieces of information. Also, computers will help us with jobs like planning house plans and entering @NUM1 page reports for one of our jobs instead of writing it. Now let's enter the wonderful world of technology. Using a computer will help us in our lives by talking online or making friends. A lot of people have myspace, facebook, aim that benefit us through conversations with each other. A lot of people think computers are bad, but how can you make friends if you can never talk to them? I am lucky to have a computer that not only helps me with my studies but also my social life and how I make friends. Computers help us find our location, coordinates and millions of pieces of information online. If we don't go online often, we won't know how to access @MONTH1 sites that help us with location and coordinates, like @LOCATION1. Would you rather use a computer or be at @LOCATION3. When you should be on vacation at @LOCATION2. Millions of information can be found on the Internet. Almost every problem you can, a computer will have it. You'd rather easily draw a house plan on a computer than spend NUM1 hours hand-painting ugly eraser marks on it, and you'll be hard-pressed to find a job with such a drawing. Also, when applying for jobs, many workers have to write long essays like @NUM3 words explaining why the job is best for you, and many people I know don't like to keep writing @NUM3 words because it It may take a few hours for them I have a computer. That's why we sorely need computers right now. I hope this article has influenced your view of computers because they are good machines. I was teaching my mom how to use a computer the other day and she said it was the greatest invention of sliced bread! Go out and buy a computer now, help you chat online with friends, find locations and millions of messages at the click of a button, and help yourself find a job-ready print job your boss will love.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 More and more people are using computers, but not everyone agrees that it is good for society. Those who support technological progress believe that computers have a positive impact on people. Others have different ideas. There are many people in the world today using computers, some for work and some for fun. Computers are one of humanity's greatest achievements. Computers help in many ways, @CAPS4, news and live broadcasts. Don't get me wrong, a lot of people spend time on the computer and they should be out and interacting with others, but who are we to tell them what to do. When I grow up, I want to be a writer or a journalist, and I know both jobs require a lot of time on the computer, one @MONTH1 spends more time than the other, but you know exactly where @CAPS5 arrives . So what if some experts believe that people spend a lot of time on the computer instead of exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends? Because all experts know how people have to make a living, we don't know why people choose to use computers for so long, and honestly, that's not my concern, nor should it be the so-called expert concern. People interact with their computers a thousand times a day. Computers put a lot of kids on the streets instead of going out and getting into trouble. Computers helps @ORGANIZATION1 target most wanted criminals. As you can see, computers are more useful to society than you might think, and computers are good for society.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 I found many experts saying that computers will not benefit our society. In some cases this is true, but in most cases, research shows that computers can help people. While nothing beats a face-to-face conversation, a computer can be very close, like a webcam or email. @PERCENT1 Students with good grades refer to reliable websites for research or to help find good books. Online catalogs or advertisements also contribute to the economy of global stores. @CAPS2 People are not allowed to use computers that don't exist on most modern computers. @PERSON1 says that the best form of modern communication is a computer because it's a cheaper way to write, talk or reply! Almost every activity I attend is planned on a computer via communication such as email "@CAPS2 students need homework because they are sick or need help studying for an exam, then contact their teacher via the communication method that works best for them It's always email. Even the post office uses computers to send people letters and mailboxes. Post office president @PERSON2 said, "@CAPS3 can't send mail to our customers @CAPS2 @CAPS3 not where the computer tells us where the zip code is, or How much does a box weigh. "@CAPS4 is telling people that what's going on around the world doesn't exist soon. So search again. While @LOCATION2's country is using computers for any kind of search, @PERCENT2's country is using computers Any type of search where @PERCENT3 is a current student in of people @LOCATION1 @PERCENT5 who are using computers for some reason, And @PERCENT2 is a student with good grades @CAPS2 @CAPS3 I can't access documents online in @CAPS5 @CAPS6 I probably won't get an A+ on my @CAPS7 assignment! Can you imagine @CAPS2 suddenly your newspaper reporter is unavailable Does the internet handle their coverage? After the event, the articles could be @NUM1. Most businesses, including newspapers, use the internet to advertise, shop, or read. @ORGANIZATION1's association reported that @PERCENT1 of @ORGANIZATION1 used A site where @PERCENT5 is in a good position. The president of @CAPS8 @NUM2 imports says they use the online catalog because @CAPS3 is cheaper, but they can also advertise that @CAPS3 is for tree protection, or for casting convincing. Little @ORGANIZATION1 can make websites to promote themselves and explain their stars to potential clients. @PERSON3, owner of @ORGANIZATION2's says internet saved her restaurant. @CAPS2 @CAPS3 doesn't work for internet @NUM3 More will be at @LOCATION3 Unemployment. In short, computers help ordinary people, without them most persuasion would not exist. They help communicate around the world. Computers help people research topics for school reports, they make the current economy change every day Better yet. Modestly, the computer is the most useful tool out there.
Dear @LOCATION1, I know that owning a computer has a positive effect on people. Computers connect the home, contain information that is very useful for people's education, and are very convenient. Computers are a step into the future and we should take advantage of it. First, the internet or email will help family members connect. My family lives @NUM1 hours away and loves to chat with me via email. It helps me connect with my family and is another reason why we should have computers. Another reason to include family is that it's easier to find it online when the family is just sitting around and calling around just to find a board game. This makes finding a board game quick and easy. The last reason a computer can help a family is if a family wants to participate in any type of activity and they need a number with internet access. On the Internet, families can find figures about it, as well as some information. In this way, more and more families can do activities together. It can be seen that computers are bringing together more and more families. Another reason computers are good for society is education. With information at their fingertips, more and more people want to learn. Now one day people are trying to find out, but can all the tools on the computer allow people to be educated? Second, the computer is another way of collage. If you can't go to school/collage due to illness. You don't have to miss anything because with the click of a button you have the material you need for what you missed. Finally everyone knows @LOCATION2 Most classrooms can't afford a computer. Children desperately want computers. If they get one, it will change a lot. They will be able to learn more than before. Children can go to different countries far away. As a result, computers will improve the way we learn. The final reason computers are so useful is convenience. Now some people say the world is crazy, so if we don't have to go out or talk to someone, we won't. Computers will provide the ability to communicate with other people for communication between work partners. Being able to talk and work with others will make us an easier country. This is just one of the many reasons why computers are so convenient, in fact computers are so convenient because you can book flights, vacations, rentals, and more. Just click a button and you should be going to @CAPS1 or having a great vacation.
Dear @LOCATION1, I think computers have a negative effect on us! How many people have access to a campervan on a daily basis in the United States. @NUM1 and how many people stuck on @NUM2 for at least an hour. This means that @NUM3 people can't exercise is wasting a lot of people with physics @CAPS1 that might sound good to you? Think about everything you do when you write. I got up to get all the materials and sat down. When you're done, you have to put away all your materials, put the letter in the mailbox, and walk all the way back. Well, this is what I had to do. Now think about how you write an email and move your finger. Can you see the difference? @CAPS2 instead of walking to your friend's house and talking to him/uh. You know you can literally, but from your computer. Instead of this stuff that can add anything, your computer will leak their information causing information and then everything you have will be gone. All this allows you to get online. Believe it or not, you can suffer physical damage from prolonged computer use. @NUM4 thing is when you're in front of the computer @CAPS2 what happened to my grandpa is when you're sitting in a wooden chair all day you get arthritis in your muscles @CAPS3.
Did you know that more and more people today rely on computers for their safety, natural education and social life? In my opinion, increasing use of computers is not benefiting society. Initially, security when using a computer is at risk. First, when someone talks to another person on the computer, they @MONTH1 never know who is on the other end of the computer. For example @CAPS1 A little girl is playing a game on the computer and a guy starts talking to her, it could be a predator. She'll never know unless they meet us somewhere. At this point, it may be too late. Additionally, research shows that people's information @PERCENT1 has been more widely exposed over the past @NUM1 years due to new chat sites. Like my space and Facebook. In these sites, people share their information. As a result, their safety is at risk. Finally, people should stop using computers as they do now to keep them safe. Furthermore, in our world of beautiful scenery, vast waters, dense forests and lush valleys, enjoying nature is a must. @CAPS1 You rely on your computer to teach you the world, and you should stop using that. One has to actually be outside and experience the feel, smell, and even taste of nature. A recent study showed that people who have actually been to the Grand Canyon can write an @NUM1 page article about what they've learned. Those who do not simply read information from a computer cannot write so much. Finally, society needs to get away from their computers and stop entering. Third, a person's social life can be ruined by computer use for a variety of reasons. One reason for this may be that a person spends all their time on the computer instead of spending time with family and friends. Sure, you can chat with people online, but it's nothing like chatting face-to-face. No need to talk to friends or family online when you can do it in person. Finally, @CAPS1 someone took an embarrassing photo of you and put it on their computer and it's there forever. As a result, you may lose friends, whether you are the person in the photo or the addict who posted the photo. With this, you can easily ruin your home/social life by constantly using your computer. @CAPS1 Do you think it's your fault someone's safety is being threatened? Don't you want to enjoy nature in person, not on your computer, instead of getting the fall effect? Can't you talk to your friends and family in person instead of ignoring them using your computer? Increased computer usage is not good for society in many ways. I encourage you to agree with me that computers can compromise people's safety, reduce their education about nature and disrupt their social lives.
The folks at @PERCENT1 agree that computers make life less complicated. I also agree with this. Using computers can teach hand-eye coordination, enable people to understand distant places and people, and allow people to converse with others online. I think these are all very important. Why wouldn't you want to have great hand-eye coordination? I think this is a very important skill. Computers help teach hand-eye coordination and keep it strong. When you look at the screen, your hand is moving the mouse where you want it. Good hand-eye coordination is used for many things; most of them are. If you play sports like baseball, the hand-eye is one of the most important elements. Why not make the field stronger? Also, hand-eye can be used for @ORGANIZATION1 when taking notes. The hand-eye is about almost everything you do. You can't have poor hand-eye coordination, or you won't be able to function properly. @NUM1 of @NUM2 doctors agree that hand and eye are important for healthy living. I love to travel, but I want to know where I'm going before calling to go there. said @PERSON1, the science teacher at @ORGANIZATION1. I'm sure he feels it, a lot of people feel it. They want to know where they're going, they want it to be up to date. There's a lot on the computer about many different places in the world Some books don't provide as much information or they need to be updated. Computers are also great for learning about other cultures and traditions. No one wants to be ignorant, right? People want to quickly and easily understand what's going on in the world. Computers can do it This. I remember when I was about @NUM2 and our phone broke at home. We couldn't go out and get one right away either. The only way we were able to communicate with family and friends was through a computer. Computers let electronic - send everyone Email, tell them why we don't answer the phone at home. This happens more often than you think. People n need to communicate a lot through the computer. At work, if you need to talk to an employee or coworker and can't leave your desk, you Just email them the information. @NUM4 of @NUM2 employees say emailing is much faster and easier than talking on the phone or in person. Many agreed Computers make life easier. Computers teach hand-eye coordination, they allow you to communicate with other people. The most crucial reason is that computers allow people to understand distant places and people. You can change the way people think about computers. Write to the local newspaper Don't miss the opportunity, don't miss the opportunity!"
Dear reader, @ORGANIZATION1 has had a huge impact on human life. It changed the way we do almost everything today. The most widely known is the computer. The device allows people to buy things online, talk to people online, and also entertain some people. All the good qualities that make everyone's life easier. Imagine you check your refrigerator and find it's almost empty. Someone is using the car and you need to go grocery shopping and the store is too far away. What do you do? Well, you can use your computer to find food online. There are so many great deals, some companies even offer it for free! An amazing and easy way to get food without leaving your home. But food isn't all you can buy. Many products are sold through computers. Need to buy a new toy for your child? Or how about a new hat for your friend ? Maybe you need more curtains in your room? Well, with easy internet access on your computer, you can buy all these things and more. Computers also have methods of communication. Suppose someone wants to talk to a friend or relative who lives far away in another country. @CAPS1 someone doesn't own a phone or @CAPS1 they can't make a call, all on your computer. Just use your email address and you can communicate with anyone. Friends and family members can now easily talk to each other from a computer. Just type what you want to say in the chat and "boom" instantly. Let's face it. Be it a child or even a teenager. But now with computers, everything can change. With just one click, you can actually watch a movie from the comfort of your own home. But @CAPS1 don't you want to watch a movie? There is no entertainment like listening to music, watching fun and probably the most popular games. Everyone loves to play games every once in a while, and with thousands of online games to choose from, at least ours are fun. There are even many educational fun games that kids love. Have all the entertainment a computer can produce; who can hate it? All in all, the computer is a revolutionary device that has changed the way we shop, communicate and find exciting entertainment. So much can be done with just a few clicks; new, I find luxury. Seeing and thinking, "@CAPS1 We can do this now, and I wonder what we can accomplish in the future.
At @LOCATION1, we have computer technology. Some people say that computers are good for society. I disagree, I think it sucks for a few reasons. Some of these reasons are obesity, cramps, more sexual harassment and even cyberbullying. First, if people don't get out of their computers to exercise, it can lead to obesity. Think of it this way if you see a kid who doesn't have to go to school for the rest of his life and he starts at NUM1 pounds. The only thing the child wants to do is play on the computer and he will gain weight. Next, tip-top-tip-top, this is what you hear when the kids are on the computer, @CAPS1 Teens go straight to the computer when they get home from school, don't get off the bus at school night. These are @CAPS1 kids who can cramp badly. They make typing fast, difficult and cramping for too long. They can also go from just sitting down for a long time and then trying to stand up but not because the decision to move anywhere will be painful. There's more sexual harassment going on, some kids go to chat rooms to talk to their friends about some good news, but when they leave the chat rooms, they're all pissed off. The reason is that someone is making fun of them and they don't like it. This situation could be close to @PERCENT1 where teens or even parents enter online chat rooms. This is the third reason why computers have a huge impact on people. The final reason why computers have a huge impact on people is cyberbullying. Cyberbullying is when someone bullies you, but only online. Do you realize that kids get poor or sick because they don't want to be hurt or killed for something really stupid? Well I have, but not great, now god thing is if a kid goes to school online, he/she @MONTH1 will be cyberbullied because he/she is not smart enough or he/she doesn't have the money to go to school. Cyberbullying usually happens in online chat rooms. There, all families go bankrupt either without money or food. They @MONTH1 even lost their kids or the house they lived in because someone wanted to be big and bad at school. In conclusion, these are just a few of the ways in which computers affect humans. Obesity, cramps, sexual harassment, and cyberbullying are no joke, and it's no fun to finish you off. Now it's your turn to tell us what you think of computers. Do you think computers are good and good for society, or is it bad for them that the brains of rotten little kids make their lives horrible?
Dear @LOCATION1, @CAPS1 people acknowledge the great progress computers have brought us, but they also put us at a disadvantage @CAPS1. Computers are known to help with health problems. As people become more familiar with the online world, they tend to interact less with their families. Don't forget the dangers of online predators - they are deadly. @CAPS1 People who do nothing but watch TV are often called potatoes. Those glued to computer screens aren't much better either. Many of @LOCATION2's top doctors say spending too much time on a computer can damage your health. Physicians around the world place a high priority on exercise, and the only exercise a computer addict will do is hit a storm. They can drown themselves in obesity. This often leads to depression as it starts to sink. Addition itself is a serious health problem. I wouldn't be surprised if they add a computer wing to the rehab sometime in the near future. These problems are slowly spreading and we must unite to eliminate them! Family time is a precious value to the @CAPS2 folks, but lately, computers are disrupting that tradition. Family interactions are dwindling as people at @CAPS1 indulge in web dramas, friends and even video games. People are slowly withdrawing themselves from reality and entering another world of cyberspace. They @MONTH1 only come out of the room to use the toilet and eat, barely rest. This can cause great tension or sadness in the @CAPS1 family. Who can erase horrific kidnapping stories from their memories? Online predators are very dangerous and very smart. Your child may be talking to what they think is another teen who is looking for a friend to comfort them, when in reality they are a 40-year-old serial killer waiting to find the right time to attack. Research shows that one in four online users has encountered a dangerous person.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 I feel that computers do take away from people's lives, not as much as other factors in life. First, you know that the world is getting fat from lack of exercise. People also don't realize that @CAPS3 warming is becoming a big problem. Finally, families are not as close as they once were. These are the reasons why computers are not important to human society. First of all, the world is getting fat, and computers play an important role in it. Computers don't make people work out, they're basically just sitting on the couch using the computer, which doesn't help amarica get back in shape. Also, if a person uses the computer every day, then the computer becomes a habit, it becomes an addiction, and then they cannot stop. Finally, when people use computers, they don't realize the lack of exercise there. This is the number one reason why computers are bad. Next @CAPS3 warming is engulfing the polar ice caps. Computers play a role in @CAPS3 warming because they use electricity and electricity melts polar ice caps. If this continues, then they will all melt, we will have no coastlines, and half the world will be submerged. In the end, computers have played a big role in @CAPS3 warming because they are so popular. This is another reason why computers are bad. Finally, the last reason computers are bad is that they take away your home life. For example, now that more and more families are split, the time sientest sits at @PERCENT1 is because of technology. When one is on the computer, other people feel that they love the computer more than they love themselves. Then they parted forever. This is the last reason I feel like computers are bad. Finally, you can see that computers are a bad thing. First, you can see that amarica is getting fat because of the computer. Computers are also causing @CAPS3 to warm up and eventually flood the planet. Last but not least, computers rob people of their family lives, causing them to be divided and unhappy. These are all reasons why computers are not good.
Dear local paper, I published your arguments on the computer and I think they have had a positive impact on people. I think their first reaction is good effect because you can do a lot of things with them like if you live in Mane and your Cuzin lives in Califan you and he can chat at the wedding . The second thing you can do is look up any news in the world that you might be stuck on a plane, it gets boring when you can take your computer and get on your computer and get to work . When you say it eliminates going out nicely, some people also use computers to graph how fast they run or how many miles they want and sometimes what they eat. The third reason is that some people work on computers or make computers, for example, when you made this article, you didn't use a typewriter, you used a computer and printed it out, if we didn't have a computer, that would make your @ CAPS1 becomes more difficult. Thanks for reading, and if you're thinking about it, please consider my three questions.
My three details for this news article are your thoughts on the impact of computers. Second, give detailed reasons to convince the local newspaper to agree with your position. Here are my three thoughts on newspaper articles. My take on computer effects is a waste of time. Many people waste time running or exercising on the computer like fat people. Set up a computer for your girlfriend or family or family or friends to go out and have fun. So being on a computer for long periods of time sucks, and a lot of kids watch bad stuff like adults do. It's fine on a computer, but not for long. First of all you should agree with me because of my details and my reasons. A lot of my vibes are basic stuff like porn. Many kids think it's mostly ruining them and the future. They are addicted to watching. So people who use computers for good stuff are old for mid-range good stuff. Here are my detailed instructions for you and me. Organize my thoughts and present them clearly. It's fine on a computer, but not a long-term set-up for outings and exercises. abd yor can enjoy life on the computer. The bad stuff many kids see is bad stuff, and the computer staff are terrible. Nowadays, computers are used for evrye things. How this organizes my thoughts. Anyway, here are my thoughts on newspapers. Auls I give my opinion on computer effects. I gave detailed reasons to convince the local news paper to agree with me. Think I organize my thoughts to present them as clearly as possible. Here's my idea, so new paper can be used to make computer effects.
My dear, in this world we should let everyone use a computer. Computers have a positive effect on people. They teach hand-eye coordination, enable people to understand distant places and people, and even allow people to converse with other people online. Computers today are like the largest knowledge books in the world. Everything you need to know is in the computer. You can look up faraway places and have everything you need to know written right in front of you. Computers are fast and easy, and everyone can use them. Today, children are addicted to computers every day. There are many websites for kids and teens like @CAPS1 and facebook etc. On these sites, kids as young as 10 are chatting with friends and uploading pictures. Thers is also a web chat site that allows you to use your webcam to chat with people anywhere in the world. Computers are a great way to get in touch with people. Everyone should have a computer at home today.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, The computer flashed by and an image of a blonde girl filled the screen. Thanks to @CAPS1's actual girl explanation, it's easy to find out what life is like for @LOCATION2. A trip to the library will not be filled with this priceless information and human interaction. If society wants to grow and develop, computers are a necessity of life. They should be supported because they teach hand-eye coordination, allow people to see distant places, and allow people to talk to others online. First, computers help teach hand-eye coordination. Hand-eye coordination is a useful ability that can be used to perform well in sports. In a recent survey, @PERCENT1 kids felt their hand-eye coordination improved after using a computer. Even something as simple as lashing can build this skill. Famed neurologist @CAPS2 @PERSON1 stated in an article last week, "@CAPS3 and the power of computers is @CAPS2. On a computer, you automatically process what you see with your eyes into commands in your hand. .” @CAPS4 Hand-eye coordination can improve people’s performance in sports like baseball and basketball. If someone doesn't want to get better at these sports, all they need to do is turn on the computer. Once people get better at sports, they are more likely to play sports and get fitter. In fact, computers can help exercise rather than reduce it. Furthermore, computers allow people to access information about distant places and people. If someone wants to re-search @LOCATION1, all they need to do is type in their search and the results will be presented to them, which will link forever to search for countless things. Also, having the ability to understand culture allows people and their culture to understand something about others. People who increase tolerance. Computers are resourceful tools that help people in every aspect of their lives. Finally, computers and technology allow people to chat. Computer chat and video chat can help all different countries. In addition to helping us understand stories about what happened to @LOCATION3, good conditions are available where people can ask actual @LOCATION3 citizens on their computers what they think about the matter. Plus, video chats and online conversations can cut down on expensive phone bills. No one in this economy wants to pay more than they have to. Another benefit is that you can contact family members you are afraid to visit. It can help you create more connections in your own family. Clearly, computers are a useful aid in this day and age. Their progress pushes the world to a better place. Computers can help people because they can help teach hand-eye coordination, enable people to understand distant places and people, and allow people to converse with others online. Imagine a world without computers or technological advancement. The world will be divided and unified, and the connection between people becomes fearful, even informational. The internet is like thousands or libraries put together. No one will know much about other countries, and news will spread more slowly. Do you want people to live in that kind of place?
Dear local paper, I believe that computers have a negative impact on people's lives. I believe this because people who spend too much time on the computer don't get out as much, don't spend enough time with their family, and the computer can't do everything. My number one reason is that I believe people need to get out more. When they don't go out, they don't exercise, which is very unhealthy. They should go out and play games, not watch games or scores. I also believe they should enjoy nature because I feel like they are wasting the natural beauty around them. We don't want to waste our abilities and privileges, right? Another reason is that they don't have enough time to spend with their families. If you have family members nearby, then you should take advantage of this and communicate with each other. You can have fun with your family by playing games. You can also have fun by hanging out, which improves your social skills, which computers can't do all the time, which brings me to my next point. Computers can't do everything, so take advantage of what you have now. Some computer time is fine, but indulging in it can be very dangerous. Computer @MONTH1 has a lot of information, but nothing you won't find in a book. Your computer can't love your dog, so there's a reason we should leave the computer. There are many other things you can do that you can't do on a computer, including sports, taking care of your family, and any of your hobbies. Remember, the computer @MONTH1 can be great sometimes, but it can't live your life for you. That's why I believe we should spend less time on the computer and more time going out and playing with our family, computers can't do everything.
Dear local paper, I must admit that the experts are right because I know people are on the computer all day, and if you ask me, it's really not good. Instead of studying far away on the computer and talking to others, go exercise, relax, and interact with family and friends. Exercising is so much better than being on the computer, that's what I'm saying. When you're on your computer just sitting there playing online games and checking other things or whatever @MONTH1 is, you're going to eat and be hungry and I know you're going to have some snacks around when you're doing anything . Instead of spending @NUM1 or @NUM2 hours on the computer, maybe even getting fat all day. You can exercise in a variety of ways. You can take a walk, you can jog, you can exercise, I mean you can do a lot of things when you're not on the computer. I know some people who might be at work all day and still go back home to use their computer. Rest is also good. You don't have to always turn on the computer, you can just relax and watch a movie, have some popcorn, have fun, you can even take a nap or whatever, but you don't always have to. use it on your computer. I think it's home, the computer is always there, but at the same time which one is more important. Friends aren't always reliable, so you don't really need them to be just a handful, but that's not the point. Family has feelings for your true friends, and if you don't spend time with them, you'll leave with a computer and then come home with something wrong. There is no promise of tomorrow, we live for today. So, take the opportunity to enjoy life, spend time with family and friends doing positive things, and if you really like computers, try to balance your time.
I agree with evansmant ov tnachnolage. Evansmant ov tnachnolige will suspend penalty for kohar froi alnsas. Tnanchnolage waf ont ot We will not go to the moon. Tnachnologe evans, as we have learned. People are working hard for a better life. Famas invanyor ues tnacholage leki lena orde dvanse and his mashine. Tnachologe is the best
Then computers can be a good thing or a bad thing. I don't really see @CAPS1 that the @CAPS2 computer might be a bad thing for me. I also know that @CAPS2 computers can and will help people all over the world. I think computers have a positive impact on people like me. Computers teach hand-eye coordination. It helps if you need to do research on school projects. You can create a lot of things on your computer like music, designer @CAPS1 shirts, logos, banners and many other creative things. Using a computer, you can find available houses and apartments. You can even fill out a job application online and save a trip to the store @CAPS2 is awesome! Well, I'm an ordinary person, not rich or famous, but computers provide a lot of information that people use today. That's why I think computers have a positive effect on people, and you don't need to be '@CAPS1' to have to be very smart to use it.
Dear @CAPS1 of @CAPS2 @CAPS3, I am writing to you to solve computer problems in our society today. Every day new discoveries come from the people who use computers in our society, but many say computers are bad for the community. Today I want to convince you and society that computers are not as important as some people say. First, discoveries in our country have been advancing rapidly. Every day new discoveries benefit our society, but they are only possible with the help of computers. Without computers, some diseases would never be detected and many more people. will die. Second, computers have also added to healthcare, and have been a life-or-death cave. Finally, computers help speed up the production of cars, household essentials, and more. Are you bored at home on that dark, rainy, cold night and looking for something to do? Yes, exactly I think the new technological advancements in social networking can help even the most boring and lonely people by giving them something to do. Even if you just want to talk to someone, you can easily do it on the internet. So those of you out there looking for that special someone will always be able to look somewhere. With all social networks like twitter, myspace, facebook and youtube, you always have something to do. Finding a job seemed so tough during this recession, but the internet came to the rescue. The internet can help you find jobs twice or even three times faster. Many also speed things up by using a computer. With Microsoft, it's much easier to do what you need to make up for, and I hope everyone understands that computers help you, not hurt you. @CAPS1 of the newspaper, I hope you and the rest of the community see that computers are helping you more than they are hurting you. Thank you so much for the time and effort you put into listening to me.
Dear local paper @CAPS1, bring all your computers to people around the world so they can stay at home and chat with family and friends. Computers help people around the world connect with others Computers help kids with their homework and find employees happening around the world.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1, have you ever seen a kid play on the computer for hours and have nothing to keep them away? Well, I believe it's very harmful to kids because it doesn't allow them to exercise, interact with people face to face, or make the most of their minds @NUM1. The more we progress in society, the more we become lazy and forget these important things. I think taking a step back from using computers is better for society than using them. @LOCATION2 has the highest obesity rate. The kids of @LOCATION3 agreed that they would only exercise once a week and would rather spend time on the computer. Think about this, kids of @PERCENT1. That's more than @NUM2 of @CAPS2 children. I took it and compared it among @CAPS3 kids who didn't benefit from this technology. I learned that the kids at @PERCENT1 only exercise once a week. That's because these computers do less for @LOCATION3 @PERCENT2's overweight kids and @PERCENT3's heart and blood problems as adults. I use exercise to go play or ride a bike with friends, or go for a jog. Doesn't sound difficult, right? If we spend it on computers, I think we can reduce this amount of fat, I believe @CAPS2 runs across the country. On the computer, we have popular sites like @CAPS5, @CAPS6 and @CAPS7. More websites allow you to interact with the people on the island. There may be more than one. These computer sites allow anyone to chat with people who might be interested. Of the @NUM4 people at my school, more than @NUM3 said they had one of these accounts and posted personal information on it. With this personal information, crime rates go up @PERCENT4. Also, these sites make people aware of their social skills. People spend hours talking to people on these sites and forget how to talk face to face. @PERCENT2 of @LOCATION1 students say they say things online that they wouldn't say in person. This creates more problems at school and could allow someone to harm others or themselves. I've heard news about suicide, and because of computers, I believe that if there were fewer computers, people would spend more time with their families, or the country would be closer and safer. Computers don't allow you to explore nature and use your mind to the best of its ability. The computer makes it easy for me, and I think it makes me lazy because it allows me to read a book or read about other people there instead of going to the library to get a book. Computers take the time to actually use your ideas and solutions to problems in real life. Over the years, I've learned that I can play on my computer for hours without realizing it. Without them, it would make a difference. Children live through computers and we can change them.
Dear local paper, I have heard that not many people think that computers are good for society. I disagree with this. Computers benefit society by teaching hand-eye coordination, enabling people to understand unfamiliar places, and allowing people to communicate with others online. Some people are basically born with hand-eye coordination, but most are not, like me. But, thanks to the computer, my hand-eye coordination has improved! "On average, a computer can improve a person's hand-eye coordination to @PERCENT1," @PERSON2 said. Just think, just learn how to tie your hand-eye coordination @PERCENT1. Amazing! Hand Good - Eye coordination allows you to go further in life and helps with everyday chores like playing an instrument or doing housework. It also aids in movement. You need good hand-eye coordination for throwing, catching and aiming .If more people spend more time on the computer, the hand-eye coordination of the population will improve, who wouldn't want to. Have you heard of @LOCATION1? A country in @LOCATION2 that no one really understands. In Check it out on your computer and you can be an expert in this country! Computers expose us to a lot of knowledge and make us more people around the world. This can improve our travel. Instead of going to the same place every vacation A place where you can go to a place you see online that looks like it's exciting. Plus, by getting to know other countries and the people in them, we gain respect for them. We @MONTH1 also learn about their traditions and culture. "The internet has exposed us to the world," @PERSON1 said, "and we can learn a lot of new things that will allow us to learn more about people, countries and environments. " @CAPS1 is right, we can understand the environment too. Since global warming is a problem, we can learn how to protect foreign places by learning about them on the internet. With the click of a mouse, you can almost touch who's world Reachable! In a recent study, people at @PERCENT2 said they didn't have time to meet up with old friends. However, the internet has made it fast and easy to talk to people online. Sites like @CAPS2, @CAPS3 and @CAPS4 allow Your social life stays intact and even allows you to reunite with old friends. For example, @CAPS2 suggests family. You can keep in touch with many people through @CAPS2! Plus, you can make new friends. Most teens say they always Is willing to meet new people and the internet is a great way! Sites like @CAPS7 and @CAPS8 can help you find friends by connecting you with random people in chat rooms just to chat. I Used to talk to someone on @CAPS7 for over an hour! We found out we all have @CAPS4 accounts and keep in touch there! It also helps you gain confidence as you @MONTH1 have the guts to say from your computer that you are in real life Computers can really add to your social life. As you can see. Computers aren't just "your little brain", they improve hand-eye coordination, help you see far Improve your social life by talking to others. Computers are better than ever!
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 off, I believe computers are very helpful to many people by finding information or talking to friends. While many children should be spending their time outdoors, computers are a high-occupancy environment that can help children learn and interact with others. I believe children should have the right to be on the computer when they want. Although, they should always make time to go out, hang out with friends, etc. Computer @MONTH1 is fun, but it's always important to get outside and enjoy nature. Another reason students shouldn't spend all their time on the computer is their health. If a child is addicted to the computer it will affect the way he interacts with others and @MONTH1 can cause serious damage to their brain. Although, I believe that children should have access to computers, it is always important to spend time outdoors enjoying nature. Another reason I think kids should have access to computers is because of the information they learn and discover. Many children grow up into careers in computer manufacturing or programming. Some of @MONTH1's kids are educated or taught online. Computers are the basis for an ongoing generation of intelligence that helps people learn, play, and discover. Many people dream of one day building a computer or making new programs. All students should have the right to spend time on the computer, but also have the right to save time outdoors and with friends. Everyone has their own opinion on what they think and whether being on the computer all day is a good thing. I don't think kids should do this because it could affect their health and how others see them.
Do you think the computer is useless? Or do you think they can be useful in many ways? I remember @CAPS4 my sister had to do some research on @CAPS1 and the computer gave her all the information she needed. The problem that needs to be addressed is that more and more people are using computers, but not everyone agrees that this is good for society. I feel strongly that @CAPS2 has indeed benefited society in many ways! That's why computers allow you to connect with friends, research people, places or things, and relax and enjoy games on a fun, fun site! My first reason is that @CAPS2 allows you to talk to family or friends, so if your friend moves to a different state, you can all get back in touch, and then you can easily get back in touch directly from your computer. "@CAPS2 is great for sending emails or pictures to friends, but @CAPS2 does it faster if you do it on your computer!" @CAPS3 @PERSON1, one of my neighbors. My next reason is that you can research anything you want, such as people, places or things, and all the references will come up. @CAPS2 is great for researching any project or school assignment you @MONTH1 owns. I remember @CAPS4 my brother was working on his project. All the troubles he encountered, he found directly on the computer! My last reason is that there are so many fun and exciting sites where you can relax and have fun! These sites will keep you busy and never get bored while playing! "@CAPS4 I'm bored, I play games on my computer, I found it on @CAPS5.com," @CAPS3 my cousin, @PERSON2. Computers @MONTH1 make people addicted to them. Yes, but, you'll learn some interesting things about how the internet works. More and more people are using computers, but not everyone agrees that it is good for society. I am a firm believer that they do benefit society, which is why you can connect with people, research and play fun games! @CAPS2 now or never decides what you think! Call me and we'll discuss this.
Computers are good because you can get information, you can play games, you can get pictures, but when you're on a computer, you might find that something or someone is broken or a virus. If you have vris, you may need to shut down your computer before it gets worse. These are children's sites, such as games, there are games for teens, and there are games for adults. Pictures are also bad for kids because most of the time they lead to inappropriate pictures. You should only look for information that you don't need weapons or knives or the like. There are also different types of companies like @CAPS1&t @CAPS2. @CAPS2 is a great place to get computer @CAPS1, so is @CAPS1&t.
Dear Newspaper, Computers are high tech and have expanded in everyday life. They play an important role in society. Computers have been improved to do so many different things that we can hardly accomplish anything without them. While kids should start outdoors more, computers teach kids new things, and it's useful. With computers, children rarely go out. A lot of us @LOCATION1 are obese, including kids. Because of this, they stay inside and on their computers. Children need to get outside every now and then to get some fresh air and exercise. It's better for kids if they limit their time on the computer and do some active gaming. Because the computer is rapidly evolving and adapting, kids spend half a day on it just staring at the screen and playing some Flash games like running away. Instead of wasting time doing what they should be out doing, go for a walk and do something! Computers teach children new things. Googling something like a tree. You get a bunch of websites with tree information. Kids play games too, if they don't know, some of the games they play are teaching them something, for example, my little sister, on a site called Nickitoden.com I read it right, it's teaching her something She didn't know it before. From those types of games, she is ready for kindergarten. Now, more and more websites are adapting and becoming as well known as bing. Computers are really useful. Suppose you want to know what's going on at work. So click on Internet Explorer and get your email. Using a computer, you can visit social networking sites such as Facebook and connect with friends. You can also chat with friends on instant messaging sites to see what they're up to. For your entertainment, you can play games. Remember not to stay too long. Computers are important in our community. Without them, life would be hard. But remember not to stay too long! While kids should start going out, computers, teach kids new things, and are useful.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 People all over the world use or own computers. While there are @CAPS1 people who think computers are good for you, others may say otherwise. When you're on the computer, you can become more social by talking to friends or family. Also, @MONTH1 doesn't notice it when you're on the computer; however; your hand-eye coordination is improving, and finally, you can search with the click of a button instead of searching through dozens of books for your subject. Computers have very @CAPS1 benefits. One is chat, or chatting with friends and family online. You @MONTH1 have a distant friend who hasn't been in touch in a long time. Using a computer, you can reconnect with your friends. If you have a safe chat account, you @MONTH1 can make new friends. It's good for you, socialize. It's always good to have friends and keep in touch with family. Some people find it difficult to play the piano because they can't watch the music and let their hands do other things. On a computer, your hand-eye coordination improves over time as you search for topics and as your hands are typing. Plus, it's a great memory exercise for your fingers. You end up remembering where all the keys are. People without computers must search @CAPS1 books to find information on their subject. Others with computers, just type in their subject and all the information they need is right in front of them. You can see pictures and even videos of your subject! Not @CAPS1 the book I know, can use a resource to search the subject and show you pictures and videos! @CAPS1 People debate whether computers are good for you. Computers are great for people, if you ask me. It allows people to socialize, and talk to old friends; it also improves your hand-eye coordination, and finally; it allows you to choose a topic to search without having to search through dozens of books. So now the question is up to you; are computers good for people?
Dear Press People, I think there are several reasons why computers are really good for society. Computers make work easier, they can do things that people don't like to solve puzzles, and kids love to play games on them. Computers make work easier and cleaner. Typing is usually faster than writing and is always easier to read. Research also shows that people who use a computer to get work done get it done faster and have up to @PERCENT1 more free time to do whatever they want. Computers also have email, which allows you to send work done to your boss without printing and wasting paper. Computers can solve difficult problems that people can't solve or don't want to waste time doing. If you need to solve math problems, use a calculation or a computer. So you don't have to figure it out yourself. I have to do a lot of math problems for my homework and I think it's much easier to use a calculator. The last reason I think computers are good is because kids love to play games on them. Many people say that children should not play computer games, but some of them are educational. Even non-educational games can help kids have fun and look forward to something after work is done. Kids at @PERCENT2 say they're happier when they have something fun to look forward to, and happier kids do better. I hope that after reading this article, you will understand how much computers can contribute to society.
I agree that computers are definitely an advantage of our society. I think this is because they help us communicate and video chat with family and friends online, a great tool for school assignments or work purposes. Most importantly for children's enjoyment, fun computer games now help prepare them for real-life consequences, such as how webkinz games teach children to take care of pets. "@CAPS1 do you have @CAPS2?" @CAPS3 @CAPS4, my @CAPS5. "@CAPS6, please add me as a friend," I replied. Later that night, I got home to check my @CAPS2 and a new notification popped up and I'm now friends with my @CAPS5 @CAPS4. My whole family uses @CAPS2 and I find it very useful for a few reasons, like making plans and gatherings. I hate writing invitations, but now every year for my birthday party I just type them out in less than five minutes. Or, for an easier way to send invitations, you can even enter an email or @CAPS2 message. In fact, I was just invited to @CAPS2's party yesterday. It's as simple as creating an event and tagging all your friends in a note. Plus, it's easy to get @CAPS13 because you're automatically notified. Technology like this makes life much easier. For example, did you get something new that you can't wait to show your friends? Well, now you can in the comfort of your own home. All you need is a webcam and you can instantly connect with one of your friends who also has a webcam. "@CAPS14, @PERSON1! I love what you did with the room, the pink wallpaper is so cute!" I said. "@CAPS15 YOU! I love your hair today. So pretty," @PERSON1 said. I love doing webcams with my friends because you can see and hear them as if they were you. As you can see, a webcam is much easier than spending more time money, my mom's time and a ride on her house. Computers make life easier. Another simple example is now that computers can help you with schoolwork. Have you ever written a report? Well, a lot of times these days teachers especially like to type because many students have messy handwriting and most kids don't like to write anyway. Like myself, I type faster than I write, which is why I agree with @PERCENT1 that computers are good for society. Best of all, computers can help you find a good job online and even help you put in a great resume. How impressive would that be? If I'm applying for a professional position of work, I know I'll be entering my resume. In conclusion, this is why computers are so useful, beneficial, important and interesting to our society.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1's name is @PERSON1 and I am a citizen of @ORGANIZATION1. I believe that computers will not benefit everyone! In @CAPS1's opinion, they make our town worse. People spend too much time on the computer and little time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. All of these are the effects @CAPS3 computers are having on our society and it's time to stop it! First, people use computers in so many ways. Teens are on social networking sites, adults are in chat rooms, and kids are playing computer games. Instead, people should play outside, or go for a walk in the park. Did you know the adults at @PERCENT1 are overweight? If people spend less time indoors, we might lower that number. Also, who knew @CAPS3 teens were doing things on the computer. There are good things about computers, but they can also be bad things. For example, a chat room for someone who knows the type @CAPS3 is in a chat room. Kids need to be careful what they say or show on the internet @CAPS3. Instead of playing games or talking to their boyfriends and girlfriends, teens should get outside to exercise. Second, more citizens need to enjoy nature and the beautiful surrounding scenery. Everyone was so busy checking our emails that we didn't notice it was a beautiful day outside @CAPS3. On a good day @DATE1 or @DATE2, people should take these kids to the local park or pond. This reminds me of the last time @DATE2 I went to my cousin's house in @CAPS1. @CAPS1 Auntie only allows us to watch for an hour a day, including the computer. We are outside every day, even if we just stare at the clouds. This keeps us active and enjoying the environment. @CAPS1 The final reason computers have a serious impact on society is that computers take up time spent interacting with family and friends. I know @CAPS3 what you think, when you're talking to family and friends on your computer, but it's not the same. instead of IM calling them. Maybe even invite them to have a face-to-face conversation with us. This reminds me of @CAPS1 sister. When I get home, she's usually at @CAPS2. Now, instead of getting up and talking to me, she'll text me "@CAPS3 up?" or "@CAPS4 is your day?" Computers help people communicate, but they also take away communication. As you can see, I gave you three reasons why I firmly believe that computers suck @ORGANIZATION1. Not only @ORGANIZATION1, but everywhere! You need to keep your eyes open and understand that people spend so much time on their computers that they prevent people from enjoying nature or interacting with their families. Please I ask you to understand that if we don't fix this our society will collapse. So @CAPS3 are you going to do this?
Dear, @ORGANIZATION1 I think the impact of computers on people is very positive. Computers can be used for all kinds of things. Such as discovering things about history. People and other information that changed the world. Computers give children the power to learn. For example, they have plenty of sites that offer online tutoring or great ways to help you pass your studies. Other positive ways are online dating sites. You can meet new people and it's a great way to make life better. Popular sites like @CAPS1, @CAPS2, @CAPS3 are a great way to keep in touch with old friends and even make new ones. But in my opinion, I think the best is to go to school online. Once you've completed colloge and you're a nurse, for example, you can get an advanced degree like a RN and become @ORGANIZATION2. I think computers have a positive impact on people.
Dear @LOCATION1, @CAPS1 is a rumor that computers have a negative impact on children's lives. I disagree. Computers can help children in many ways. It can help students with homework, let students talk to friends, and help with school projects. Also, most kids don't spend much time on the computer anyway. Homework, which is an important role in school, and if you don't do it, or worse, don't do it, you'll be disappointed. That's why computers have websites that can help children learn if they don't know how to do a problem or a social research problem. If you visit the school webpage, there is a link that takes you to the math game. There's even a scientific website. This helps kids so they don't feel stressed with homework. Computers can also help students interact with friends. Social life is very important to @NUM1 grater. This is where computers can target, Facebook and even myspace to help kids make an impact with their friends. If a kid gets into a fight at school, go home and fix it instead of losing his seat. A computer is also a new friend from a foreign country. Teens need to make new friends that will help in life. If a teen helps, then they can seek help. Every student gets a take-home item at the social point while they run to the store to buy paper and pencils. You can stay home, have money, and type. Computers can help with social research or scientific projects. You can print pictures and find information. Drawing can be cumbersome and messy, so save time and confusion. If @CAPS1 are words you don't understand, then you can look them up. Computers are the best way to get projects done. Computers, everyone uses them, and they help our parents as much as we do. They help us with our homework, let us talk to our friends, and even help us with projects! Computers are one of the best technologies we have @DATE1.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I think computers have a positive impact on people. Where would we be without them? Computers teach hand-eye coordination, enable people to study any subject they want, and allow people to communicate with each other regardless of distance. Obviously, computers are beneficial. I think computers have a positive impact on people. As I said before, they teach hand-eye coordination. I know people say you spend less time exercising where you use a computer, but a computer can help you improve your throwing skills. Hand eye coordination also works if you want to be a surgeon/doctor. You need to have steady hands. We are ready to do what needs to be done. Look, they do have a positive effect. I think computers have a positive impact on people. They enable people to know anything they want on the Internet. Assuming you want to be an engineer when you grow up, you probably want to learn anything and everything in order to succeed in this paramedic later. And what about doctors, you'll want to know how many years of college and medical school it takes to get a medical degree. A computer can help you understand these things. It can also teach you a lot of other things. Again, how could they not be active. I think computers have a positive impact on people. Another thing they can do in a hundred is allow you to communicate with other people no matter how far away you are. Mail gets my place enough, yes, but @CAPS3-mail is free and gets there in less than a minute, mail can take weeks. For example, what if you are from another country. You don't want to lose touch with the people you grew up with. Using a computer, you can use Skype to see new people. Talking over the phone or email doesn't even compare to that. You can never lose touch! Computers help people do all kinds of things. My conclusion is that computers have a positive effect on people. They teach hand-eye coordination, allow people to learn about any subject they want, and allow people to communicate with each other no matter how far they are. There's no bad reason to surpass any of them. They make sense. So what do you think? Do you think they are good for us, or do we need fewer computers?
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, have you ever wondered what effect computers have on people? This is a very negative impact. Computers are one of the main reasons why kids don't exercise and get fat, it affects students' grades, with @CAPS6 you isolate yourself from your loved ones. First, more and more kids are using computers more than they should. This result, you @MONTH1 ask? Since computers are used on a daily basis, especially by teenagers, that child is likely to become obese. Research from leading universities like @ORGANIZATION2 and @LOCATION2 found that @PERCENT1 children who spend more than two hours on @CAPS6 are obese or get heavier as they grow up. After talking to @PERSON1 (graduated from @LOCATION1) he told me that when kids spend more time on @CAPS6 they are just staring at bright screens that hurt their eyes instead of having a beautiful time outside . weather. As a result, kids are starting to gain body fat by sitting on a trainer staring at @CAPS6 all day instead of exercising! The second reason computers can negatively affect kids is that it can hurt your grades! After I spoke to a current student at @ORGANIZATION1, she told me her grades dropped because she was too busy with @CAPS3, @CAPS4, @CAPS5, etc. She's not as focused on her @ORGANIZATION1 work as she should and because she's not, her grades range from @NUM1 to low @NUM2. This shows that even 'A' students have poor grades on @CAPS6. Also, with so much on @CAPS6 and not following @ORGANIZATION1's work, it will affect your best score on @ORGANIZATION3! This shows that always using @CAPS6 will hurt your academic skills. The last and final reason why computers negatively affect children is because it damages your social skills as an outgoing, talkative person! Every time you log into that deathtrap device, your self-esteem drops because you never talk to your friends or call them. You're just sitting on a hard chair and looking at an electronic device that will get you nowhere in life. Also, you push your loved ones away with @CAPS6 @NUM3. If you keep using @CAPS6, you'll end up never spending time with them and never calling your friends to see what they're up to. Also, if your mom or dad tells you not to use @CAPS6, you're going to be cranky and rude because you want to go back to your favorite electronic device. Do you really want to do that to your family? So, all in all, computers are a negative for many young people because you exercise less, it affects your grades, and you can't interact with people online. @CAPS6. The real question, though, is do you think computers have a negative or positive impact on people?
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 has brought to my attention that some people think computers are bad for us. Some say they interfere with our physical and mental health. While I can see what some people think, I believe that computers are good for society as a whole. I believe this is because computers help people learn, stay connected with distant friends or family, and stay organized. Sometimes people study on the computer and they don't even know @CAPS1. Just visit the @ORGANIZATION2 homepage and you'll automatically see a news feed of what's happening around the world. Other times, people deliberately go online to learn. If someone wants to go to @LOCATION1, they'll probably go online to learn about @CAPS1. Just search for equalore, and many options pop up, including climate, seasonal weather, hotel options, and more. But that's not the only way people learn on the Internet. Many college students now have the option of taking classes online. This is because some students prefer the quiet quiet or the distraction of sitting in class in their own house. Friends may be distracting in class, but how can you keep in touch with your friends if they move away? I remember my best friend @LOCATION2 moved away in second grade. I am very depressed. I used to talk to her, but one day our parents made us have a video chat! I think I'm right with her! It's great, I think how many people can use it to talk to relatives or friends. Another great way to keep in touch with friends and family is through email. Keeping in touch is so easy by writing messages and sending @CAPS1, your personal needs can be chatted, and emails can be easily sent anywhere in the world. Many people also like to type on the keyboard, but the many different files you entered can be lost. For me, I hate clutter and I have a lot of school binders for papers to get lost. That's why I make the most of every opportunity to type. My computer keeps me awake because I never lose my job. File saving, is a fool-proof way to keep all your files in a safe location. Then all you have to do is press print to get a hard copy. I'm sure many people like to use their computers for the same reason. Also, I myself type much faster than a writer, so my work is very demanding on a computer. As you can see, they have a lot of reasons why using a computer is stupid for our society, where you can study, keep in touch with friends and family, and stay organized. Many people can agree with me. isn't it?
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 We live in a society where more and more people use computers, including me. In my opinion, the computer has to be one of the best inventions ever made. Too bad these "exporters" think spending time on a computer is a bad idea because they don't see the benefits of it. Students can use a computer to get almost any information, you can use a computer to talk to friends and family, and if you can't find your way or get lost, you can confuse it with a navigator to find directions to a location. One of the best things about computers is that you can find various amounts of information. This option is useful for school-going children who want to find information on a project they need to complete. If your textbook is not doing you any good, you can also use the information on your computer to study. Also, if students are looking for jobs locally, they will look for jobs that need staff on the internet. Computers can also be used for communication. You may have a long-lost reality that you haven't spoken to in a while, and you can easily find him on the internet. Online communication is also good for chatting with classmates if you forget your homework or need help with homework. I'm not a huge fan of this, but if you're lazy to go out, online chat can be used for online dating. One of my favorite options on a computer is that you can use it to navigate somewhere you want to go. Suppose you forget where your relative's house is, you can easily enter your address and his address and get directions easily. You can use this method almost anywhere you want to go. If that doesn't convince you that computers are a great technology, then you're crazy. A computer is like a magic box that can be used for just about anything, so I suggest you get one.
Dear local newspaper More and more people use computers every day, but not everyone agrees that it benefits society. Those who support technological progress believe that computers have a positive impact on people, and I agree with some situations, but from the situation, I disagree because it is better not to spend too much time on computers. First because it's a better way to exercise, @CAPS1 to enjoy nature, and finally to interact with family. @CAPS2 Why I disagree that people should use computers more in their lives to do things better. First, because exercise is useful. Take a walk in the neighborhood with someone you know. It's better to go to the gym, it's a better way to spend your nights than sitting in front of a computer all day doing nothing and looking at a screen all day, plus exercise keeps you in perfect shape , healthy and strong, as long as you live. Computers don't actually kill you, you sit at your computer all day, eat only when you like, and no exercise kills you and makes you so lazy and do nothing. I know no one is going to want that for sure. @CAPS1, enjoy nature the way it needs to. God's creation of nature is something that must be beautiful in this world, don't let it all go to the waist. Jump off a waterfall or go to a park and let the wind blow in your face. Make your imagination a reality and enjoy all that nature has to offer. Third and last, interact with your family and friends. Spend time with them watching a movie or any sports channel. Go for ice cream with them. Don't make them feel left out or unloved. The mall is a great way to spend time with your friends or family and also go to water parks like Six Flags or Lakes in places like Nomads or Chucky Cheese, it's a great place to spend and interact with family and friends , it can also bring also closer. That's why I think sitting in front of a computer screen all day is first when you go to exercise or @CAPS1 enjoy nature or finally interact with family and friends, @CAPS2 why sit in front of a computer as a time and negative waist why Live your days. Technology keeps you away from the real things in life. Thank you for reading my letter and hope you will take it into consideration. Bye bye!
Dear local paper, my name is @PERSON1 I am @NUM1 and I attend Naylor School. I am writing to you to convince me that computers have a positive effect on people. Please read the reasons below. Computers have a positive effect on people. You can communicate with people all over the world. When my brother turns on his computer he can talk to my family at @LOCATION1 I love using skpye because when we talk to family at @CAPS1.R we use the webcam to keep in touch with my family. They taught hand-eye coordination and helped me play table tennis. It helps me watch football on my computer and I can do the same on my computer. You can access a lot of different information, my mom got a job on the computer. Everyone has access to weather or news, which some say is a lack of exercise. People are addicted to computers. Some can get fat and disrupt your love life. This is why I believe computers are good for society. This is why people should agree with the advancement of technology. Technology is constantly being upgraded.
I think computers are good because you can talk to your friends and family on the computer. People need computers to find work. Some people spend a lot of time on the computer and then people need to stop and do their homework.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3: Computers have a negative impact on people and their connections to others because they are always on the computer, never outside. My number one reason is that sitting in front of a computer for long periods of time can hurt your eyes. People I know complain about their eyes hurting after using a computer. Research shows that of all computer users, @PERCENT1 is more likely to lose sight than those who spend all day outside. My other reason is that people who spend all day on electronic devices are less likely to have good interpersonal skills. If you don't have good interpersonal skills, you probably won't have many friends, maybe through a computer if you need them. You never know what they will look like. Also, if you're in it all day, you won't get a proper workout, which can be very bad for you and others. My third and final reason is that if you sit in it all day and don't come out, people will make fun of you because you're on the computer. If you're on a computer, you're more likely to fail at school, where you don't do homework or projects, but play games on the computer. And you're more likely to get into an argument with your parent or guardian because you're on the computer and they'll never see you or hear from you. Plus, they won't be able to go online to pay their bills, which could be bad for everyone. So these are just some of the reasons why I think computers can be bad. thank you.
It's not a bad thing how well people use computers because you can learn a lot from them. In some ways, typing exercises your fingers when you use your computer and type. Your fingers will become muscular and will teach you to remember where to type without having to look down at the keyboard. Sometimes computer people are nice because if you don't have to use a pencil to write a letter, you can just type and print. Typing does all the work for you, so you don't need to spend hours writing to someone. Computers are helpful for people, for example, if you do research on @CAPS1 or @LOCATION1, you can find almost any information on your computer with just one click. Computers save time and get a lot of work done. Computers are useful technology, and one of the best.
People spend too much time on the computer. People who spend a lot of time on the computer don't have time to interact with family or friends. People spend a lot of time on the computer. Children who spend time on the computer get poor grades. They also get tired easily. First, people spend a lot of time on the computer. The kids of @PERCENT1 spend @NUM1 to @NUM2 hours on the computer. I once spent @NUM3 hours on my computer on @CAPS1. Many kids continue to use @CAPS1, @CAPS2 and iTunes. My friends spend @NUM4 hours on these sites. People spend a lot of time on the computer. Another reason is that children who spend time on the computer do not get good grades. @PERCENT2 Kids who spend a lot of time on the computer forget to study for exams. Once I was on the computer all night and I failed an exam the next day. The children forgot to do their homework. My friend had so much fun on the computer that he forgot to do his homework. Kids should get off the computer and worry about school. My last reason, kids get tired from long hours at the computer. @PERCENT3's kids are too tired to do anything once they're away from the computer. Playing on the computer is too tired and I slept for a long time. @PERCENT4 kids forget their after school plans. One kid was so tired he broke the plan he and his friends made. Children need to stay away from computers. In conclusion, children spend a lot of time on the computer. People spend a lot of time on the computer. Children end up with poor grades because they spend time on the computer. Also, kids get tired very quickly on the computer. Something must be done about this.
Dear @LOCATION1, @CAPS1, do you think computers can't help you with your research? Well, if you really think about it, the @CAPS1 computer will help you. You can't always wait by watching or staying on the computer. And you can still talk to your kids, friends, and family on your computer. @CAPS1 If the book contains all the information needed for a school project or your own family history, you don't know. Maybe books have a history of our wars and heroes. Try to see if you can find the ancestors of your family. Computers are the reason we don't know history and know about actors, slaves, sergeants, etc. Have you gained weight due to prolonged computer use. I haven't gained a pound or an ounce since I got on the computer. You can't just gain or lose weight by using a computer. @CAPS1 How do you know if the person on the computer is looking for diet food or something fat Or if the person eats on the computer. @CAPS1 Just two minutes of long distance calls and you get a big bill? Why @CAPS1 do you think we have entertainment sites like myspace, facebook, twitter, msn etc. Most of my family members live in @LOCATION3, @LOCATION4 and @LOCATION2, and it costs ten dollars a minute for a single phone call. Although you can go about day to night on the internet and still pay the same price. So you choose @CAPS1 to pay just over $30 for a long distance call or to stay on the computer. Or getting bad grades for doing bad research. It's your choice, choose now whether to talk to family and friends over the phone and pay your bill amount, or keep webchat for as long as you want and still get the same bill price.
Dear local newspaper @CAPS1 is here to let you know that we need time spent on the computer because it helps you get information, it helps you get smarter, and it helps you with hand-eye coordination. I will now explain to you why we need time spent on computers by stating these three reasons. The first reason I want to say will make you believe that the time we spend on the computer is necessary, it helps us get information, it can teach us things about places, people, cultures, etc., it teaches us useful information, which takes a while to learn, so we need the time we spend on the computer to learn new information. The second reason I want to say will convince you. The time we spend on the computer is necessary to help us become smarter. Assuming you need help with fractions, you can go to the math website and it can help you. Computers make you smarter. At the end of the day, it's about who is smarter, not who is exercising more. My third and last reason is why do we spend time on the computer because it teaches you good hand-eye coordination because it helps with typing and writing faster when you have good hand-eye coordination When you don't make a lot of typing mistakes. so i came to my conclusion why it takes a lot of computer time because it helps get information you get smarter and it teaches good hand eye coordination thats why it takes a lot of computer time maybe even more of computer time. It takes a lot of computer time because you get smarter and it benefits society.
Dear newspaper, I feel that the internet or computers are an advantage, not a problem, in socializing. They help with school work, such as projects or emails. You can even go to college online now! People also use the internet as a medium or simply to connect with friends. One of the most important reasons to own a computer is for school reasons. Like having a project that requires taking notes or doing a power point presentation. Another great reason is teachers. The computers there help them teach lessons in a way that is both fun and easy to understand. The new rise in computer use has brought new ways of earning a college degree. Now, you can even just go to bed, open your laptop, and take college classes right from your computer! I don't know about your situation, but I would prefer to go to college from the comfort of my own home and drive all the way to campus. Another great use of the internet is email to email, which is now being used by more and more people, making our lives easier. It can get us started in school just like the early dismiste or catching up with old high school friends. Another great reason for the internet is to mention or just for fun and relaxation. @PERCENT1 People who own a computer use it for media or entertainment reasons like gaming or accessing youtube. Please add this article to your newspaper so the computer can be added there as a help, not something to make the whole world obey because it's not just from the computer. It's the people who use the computer who feel they're not getting exercise, not the computer. So why knock them out in a bad way.
Do you ever have time that completely flies by when you're on your computer? You continue at @TIME1pm and suddenly it's 7pm. People should spend less time on the computer because they should be outside, which takes up time with your family, and there are other ways to find information. You should be outside, enjoying the fresh air and exercising, not staying inside all day staring at a screen. When you're at the computer all day, you're just sitting there. You don't move at all. 72% of kids who spend all their time on the computer are overweight. Being on a computer with a beauty is like blocking out the birds singing on the first day of @DATE1. Nature is amazing, and you should enjoy it outside, not locked in a stuffy room against a man-made machine. People should spend a lot less time on the computer. Time flies so fast when you're on the computer. You're going to waste a whole day on this, don't you want to do something more interesting? You can be alone on the computer in a dark room. You should be with your family and friends. Computers will be around for a long time, and when they die, it will only be because something better comes along. Your little brother won't be a baby forever, and your grandparents might not even be around tomorrow. Don't you want to spend as much time with them as possible? You are also changing so you @MONTH1 are going to college or have to move far away to do business. "They grow up so fast, they become adults in the blink of an eye," my grandmother said to my mother. Pretty much @PERCENT1's parents feel the same way. So, don't spend all your time on the machine with your loved ones, hosting every moment of the day. People should spend less time on the computer because there are other ways to find information and learn about new places. There are so many books in the world on any topic you can imagine. Using books to find information is better than typing words into google because it's important to learn how to use the index and find books on the shelf. Library tour @MONTH1 is not your cup of sunshine, so if you want to learn about a place, why don't you go to that place? If you're writing a report on @LOCATION2 for your school, it would be fun to visit @LOCATION2 for a few days to learn about it. And you can take pictures with your own camera, not just the ones you find online. This will be a very fun family trip. Even if you report in a boring place like @LOCATION1, hanging out with your family can be a lot of fun. In conclusion, people should spend less time on the computer and more time outdoors, with their families, and in really interesting places. Why stare at a screen all day when you can have so much fun?
Dear local paper, I am writing to you to illustrate how people are affected by computers. It affects people very well and can teach people a lot with just one technique. The role of computers affects many people. Computers have many advantages and people learn quickly. Many people love computers. It's one of the best inventions for everyone in the world. They teach people to learn positive things. Computers have even had a positive impact on people all over the world. They teach a lot for people to learn and have learned. For example, hand-eye coordination. It teaches you to see things better with your eyes as you type words. Computers also enable people to see, understand and provide information about people around the world. Celebrations are very popular on computers or other technologies. Computers help you learn things better than any other technology. Anything you can get on any other technology. Guaranteed you will find it on your computer. Computers are like other technologies, but in some categories they are much better than others. Computers are very important in life because without computers we would not be able to learn how to communicate with each other. If we don't have a phone we can use to call someone. On a computer, if you're online, you might be able to talk to someone at their email address. You can talk to people you haven't contacted in years. You can view images or videos that you haven't seen in years. On your computer, you can find information from the news of the week or even the day. In conclusion, what I'm saying is that there are no computers in this world. What will it look like? Most technologies that are not as good as computers would prevail without computers. I wonder what it will look like?
Computers are the greatest tools humans have. They give people access to more information than anything else in the world. They let us connect far away places with the click of a button, and without computers, people would never know, learn, or do as much as possible. Without computers, modern airplanes or cars would not exist. This test probably wouldn't exist without a computer, so there's no conclusion to spend a lot of time on a computer because there's more to do than something a person can do in a lifetime
Dear local paper, have you ever wondered how to get to a place and there is no map or @CAPS1 near you and the only thing near you is @CAPS3. Well, I mean you should go ahead and search where you want to go. Computers are very helpful in everyone's day-to-day life, they have a lot of facts and interesting stuff on them, @CAPS2 about trying to figure out if someone is having a really easy time again, just go google and type in someone's address. @CAPS3 is also very good because have you ever thought about one of your friends or someone special you haven't seen in a long time, you miss them, no problem, most computers have some kind of camera that is you Can video chat or just chat regularly on enternet. It's helpful because even if you can call them directly, it's better to do it online because if you haven't seen them and you want to see their photo, they can somehow send it to you on the chat page or just your email. It's much better than mailing a photo in the mail, which can take days to arrive if you can chat online and video in a faster way. @CAPS3 is also helpful because how about one day you want to go some and you don't know what the weather will be like, you can go and turn on the tv and see, but there are so many comms that you can't really see because they change the weather Fast day. On @CAPS3 you can enter the weather for a week and it will tell you how long you can watch it and it will stay there so you can see the whole week without the screen going away as fast as the image light, or if it's too dim. @CAPS3 was helpful. People do say it's good to leave @CAPS3 and go for a walk in nature, and I agree with that, but people and kids do get exercise by walking around the house and going out shopping. Computers are useful and good, another thing is to say one day you are online and you are looking at clothes or shoes and you want to buy them, but you don't want to go to a mall that's half an hour's drive from where you live, you can buy They're online, they'll be shipped to your home, and you don't even have to lift a finger. They are also good because they have a dictionary on them, if you don't know how to spell a word, you can type it in the best way and it will correct your spelling and tell you what the word is, and the computer also has pictures of everything, if You want to see what something looks like, you can type it and it will be displayed to you. Based on all the facts I gave you, I hope you agree with me that computers are very useful and safe.
Dear Society @CAPS1 I am writing to you to explain the many benefits of computers. My first reason will explain the many ways in which computers help you @CAPS2, it's a very good idea to believe that people use computers. They believe this because the computer allows you to really focus. This gives you very good vision and an amazing hand-eye cordon. An important function that computers have is their ability to teach you about distant places based on where you live. Most likely the reason people want to visit one of these places on the site is for vacation purposes. The third reason I think we should keep computers is. There are many websites you can join so that you can chat with your friends as long as you are online. IAM, except @CAPS3, @CAPS4. These are great uses for computers. There are also people who have high-paying email systems on these computers that tell them who wants to sell a piece of machinery, or anything that involves business ethics. Now you know my three very important reasons why computers are a good way to get the hand-eye cordon. Great way to learn about other states. So you can chat with friends and send emails for business purposes. I hope you enjoyed reading this article and hope to see you on my side on this topic.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, First of all, I know people don't like computers because they are overused. If computers are this bad, they shouldn't be used, but I think they do more good than bad. These points of computer welfare are that they bring resources, they are human-to-human interactions, and computers will evolve more over time. Even though these people think they are overused, they still use them. So, even though I use the computer a lot, it works just fine. First, these computers have online access to resources not found in books. They are search engines where you can find your topic. Then, when you find your source, it has information that may be skipped. They can show another side of the story they don't tell in the book. Projects that you used to have to go to the library can now be done at home, which in itself is a step you didn't consider. For example, if people are researching a lot of the time @PERCENT1. In addition, people can interact with friends through computers. They can talk, send pictures or play games. For example, I play xbox and I often chat with my friends. It's also fun to play video games with them, quote from @CAPS1 @CAPS2 "I have a computer not for friends but for work". This shows that even large and important jobs still use it. People say using a computer is like learning to ride a bike. My mom told me a story that she met my dad because he fixed her computer at her job. So, my parents and I are here because there is a computer. Still, computers are still in their infancy, and they will improve further. So people use computers for a reason. This progress will advance again and again, so there is no way to stop it, people will just pay more and more attention to it, so there is no chance to stop the computer explosion. Then you try to stop them with "computer eating your brain". We all know it's garbage. Finally, I implore you not to try to change other people's habits. I @CAPS3, if people want to use a computer, they can. I speak with sources, friends and progress.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1! I'm @NUM1 grader from @PERSON1. I'm reading your paper and I noticed that you have an article about how people spend too much time on the computer and not enough time to go out, exercise, enjoy nature, and it's not good for society. I totally disagree with these comments. Let me explain... having a computer definitely benefits all students. Sometimes children forget their textbooks at school. But if they have a computer, they can google the information. This way they can do their homework without having to take zeros. Another thing is, I'm sure you've heard of a website called Learning Island. If you don't have one, here's a website for all students in @LOCATION1 to take online classes in math, reading, and science. They are time-consuming, but they make up a large part of our grades. So if we get @CAPS2 on Learning Island, we get @CAPS2 in one of our courses. Computers not only help students, but help me in a personal way. I like piano. However, there is no description for my region. However, there is a program called synewnisia on the computer. It can help you learn various songs on keyboard or piano. The piano helps with my hand-eye coordination while also teaching me discipline and dedication. Now, synewnesia isn't the only free instrument learning program. There are many others! This can help those who cannot afford lessons, while learning an instrument can help you achieve success later in life. Now, one of the things you said in your article is that people don't get enough exercise because they sit in front of the computer all day. This is not entirely true. In fact, most people research meal plans or local gyms on a computer. How do I know this? When I googled the other day, the top search of the day was "weight watcher diet plan." Also, my mom uses online video workout sites because she has a bad back. So computers can help not only with diet, but also with physical therapy. So, through this letter, I hope you realize that computers do benefit our society, and yes, we shouldn't spend too much time on it. However, taking courses online can be time-consuming. It can help many people figure out the right way and exercise so they can stay happy and healthy.
Are you @CAPS1? Computers are great, they are great for these @NUM1 reasons. Kids can do their homework on the computer, and you can video chat with friends and family because you can look up anything you want on the computer. Computers are great because kids can do their homework on the computer, which is great because if they forget a book at school or something like that, then they can get the computer's answer. It is also good for business people as they rely on computers for all their documents. Computers are also great because you can video chat with friends and family. Video chat is great because if a friend or relative is out of town, they can bring a webcam and you can talk to them anytime. Video chat is also good for companies, if buyers are in different countries, they can video chat all the information. Finally, computers are great because they are resourceful. There are hundreds of websites, you just type what you want to know and there are thousands of links for you to search and get the answer. They are also very resourceful with pictures and even slideshows! All in all, the computer is great because the kids can do their homework there, and finally it's great for video chatting because the internet is so resourceful.
The percentage of people using computers has increased by about @PERCENT1 over the past decade. Suddenly, the world and its people became dependent on information provided by computers. Various databases and resources, increased communication and computers allow you to picture and demonstrate that they are vital to this generation. Communication through computers now allows societies to communicate with each other. Personally, I have been able to talk and meet my family living overseas through advanced technology on my computer. Different communication programs include @CAPS1 @CAPS2 and email, the most commonly used references. Without access to computers and their content, residents will find it difficult to integrate into the rest of society. Use for school events, sports schedules, and keeping in touch with family and friends far away. Computers have made all these necessities part of society and the way this generation has decided to start our lives. Parents and teens these days are getting pretty lazy compared to the way they used to behave. They have no interest in going to the library to research information about people, places and family heritage. Computers have brought great convenience to people's lives by allowing all the information that was once in a book to be included in the entire internet. For example, if you are working on a project for a school. The Internet will provide you with any information you need. It's amazing how a single electronic instrument can have such a big impact and impact on life. As a student, I'm usually curious about the references that teachers provide and other information that isn't. The internet allows anyone with a computer to research what they want to know and respond to that topic almost immediately. The benefits of a computer can actually cover a handful of negatives because it's a way for people to discover all kinds of information in any way they want. on the theme. In addition to searching for information, computers can also be used to record your own data. Microsoft has created several apps that allow you to draw information design presentations and neatly record writing drafts. No one is perfect and can't make mistakes. Microsoft helps you eliminate and hide them by doing things like making a cleaner copy of your paper, or making a list of your data in graphical form to make it more viewer-friendly. Society has become dependent on data sources scattered across computers, and by looking directly at the negative effects a computer can have on a person, imposing restrictions on this source of information would allow society to reap the positive contributions of today's computers to our way of life.
Has become more advanced in @DATE1. Computers are one of the most futuristic objects. This computer is perfect for connecting with people all over the world. However, computers have had a bad effect on people's lives. Children take time from their homework to use the computer, citizens gain weight, children are kidnapped. School is very important and valuable if you want to be successful in life. However, computers make it difficult for students to concentrate on homework. It's a horrible habit that has bad effects on students everywhere. If this issue is not addressed, the student's grade will be affected and course credit will not be awarded. Obesity is a huge problem for @LOCATION1, with 5 out of 10 @CAPS1 being overweight or obese. This can lead to death. The problem is that people spend hours on a computer every day. Most of the time can be used for exercise. Exercise can be an important benefit to a person's life. Millions of Americans will be overweight if this problem is not addressed, @CAPS2 is a very serious and dangerous topic. Dozens of children are kidnapped every month. Since the invention of the internet, the rate of missing children has increased by 20%. Paedophiles use the internet to trick children into giving their addresses. This issue needs to be stopped and resolved by the police. Every day, more and more people use computers. Computers have good and bad effects on people's lives. The adverse effects are very serious and dangerous. How would you feel if your child dropped out of school because of a computer, gained weight, or was kidnapped?
Dear newspaper, I am writing to you about the debate you are asking about whether people should use computers. "More and more people are using computers, but not everyone agrees that it's good for society," the article said. I don't think people should use computers. Technology also needs to slow down, it's getting advanced. The number one reason people need to stop spending time on the computer is that you don't want to always say to you on your honeymoon "we can get from our computer to @LOCATION1. Your life will go by so fast and you want to notice it" , you're fat and old. Plus @PERCENT1 people who use computers are overweight because they don't exercise. Second, the more tech we get, the less we'll be. Plus, it feels better when you're working, not just sitting On your computer, get a huge cheat. In short, you live a happier life when you explore. People who use computers at @PERCENT2 commit suicide. Plus, if it were or for me, I would use a computer. Beads all about computers you would think, but like me. I used to be a computer geek.
You @MONTH1 find this hard to believe, but a lot of people think that computers have a negative attitude towards people. Now you @MONTH1 say it's not true, everyone has computers, but the truth is they don't, and they think it's giving people a negative attitude. People have a computer for many reasons, one of which is a friend. You @CAPS5 Do some people have computers because they want to keep in touch with friends who live far away from different states. For example, many people use @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 to connect with friends. I can connect because I have a @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 to keep in touch with family and friends from all over the world. Some, like myself, even have friends from different countries! I @CAPS5 a lot of people want to get to know people from different countries, this is the way to go at the moment. I'm learning something new about @LOCATION1 because I'm friends with people who live in @LOCATION2. In this fantastic learning adventure, @MONTH1 even puts herself into a holiday adventure. A recent test showed that @NUM1 out of @NUM2 like to travel, but @CAPS5 doesn't like where to go. Some people say that people spend a lot of time on the computer, but not enough time to enjoy nature. These people are wrong there. For example, they will be able to access internet types where they want to visit and get photos and information about that place. As a result, people can still enjoy nature. Sometimes using a computer can be educational. Many @MONTH1 disagree with this statement, but it's true. For example, many high school seniors use a computer when they use it to take online college courses to earn a degree because attending regular college @MONTH1 affects their work schedule. This can also help students at any grade level learn more about the subject they are studying. This will also help with their reporting. For example, they can get pictures and other information at any time. In this way, students' grades will improve. I hope many of you agree with me and help spread the word that computers can have a positive effect on the brain. So for those who disagree with the statement that they are positive and not negative, I hope you will reconsider your opinion.
Dear @CAPS1, I agree that computers are good for society. Computers have a positive impact on hand-eye coordination and others. I help you understand religion and other things in other countries. You can communicate, meet other people, and chat with tru computers. Another positive fact about computers is that you can quickly find all the information you need. In other words, computers help a lot of people.
Do you spend all or most of your free time in front of your computer? People spend too much time on the computer. Obesity is a growing problem in today's society, people need to communicate with each other and we need to breathe fresh air. Computers are destroying these things for people. Unplug yourself from the computer. More and more people are becoming obese. This is to spend too much time sitting in front of the computer. There is absolutely no exercise involved on your computer. People need to get outside to jog, play games or ride their bikes. Reducing computer time will reduce obesity in our society. Leading scientists and researchers say it's important for people to interact with others face-to-face. Throughout our lives, we will have to interact and socialize with others. If you don't develop these skills, you won't be happy with the end result. Talking to a person via a computer is nowhere near as good as talking face-to-face. Get out for some fresh air. to experience nature. Bringing it to the beach, hiking in the woods, or even just sitting on the swing in the backyard is the best. Fresh air clears your mind. Time says kids who spend time outside get better grades than kids who spend time at the computer. People need to release stress, so go outside. Click Turn off computer and get out of the chair. Go get some exercise, interact with friends and family, or even just get out for some fresh air while relaxing. People waste too much time on their computers and it flushes our society down the toilet, so turn off your computer.
I think people can use computers because they can learn new things and meet new people. I don't think using a computer is a bad idea because some people who have jobs work on a computer all day. @NUM1 each Sometimes computers can be distracting, but computers can help you a lot. I think using a computer helps you learn new things and meet new people. Slick, slack, slick, it's the sound of people typing on their computers, meeting new people, and having fun. When you learn new things, mice are as big as houses. You will be excited and feel like you are the smartest person in the world. I don't think using a computer is a bad idea because some people who have jobs work on computers all day. I think people who use computers all day at work don't necessarily have to be classy or hip or trendy, they just work to help themselves and their families. Yes, sometimes computers can be distracting, but computers can help you a lot. They can help you learn new things, meet new people, and give you something to do when you're bored. I remember being bored once, I searched on my computer who @PERSON1 was and I found out she was a famous sinner, someone I didn't know but heard about. Chantrail @CAPS1 A @NUM2 student said: “Only people who want to learn or meet new people use computers. If you want to learn something new or meet new people, then I suggest you stop eating those crisps and get off the couch and use a computer.
Dear local paper, I think computers have a good influence on people. They are good because you can learn something educational. You can hear the latest stories on everything, and you can keep information for yourself. Having a computer is a good thing because you can learn information. @CAPS1 You have a question or don't know what it means, you can find it online. These are some of the internet resources @NUM1 used to answer the question. @CAPS1 We don't have computers, then @CAPS1 you have a problem, and then you have to find a book to read, which is a lot more work. Another reason computers are a good thing is that you can catch up on all the recent stories. You can learn about what's going on in the rest of the world, you can learn about celebrities, you can check the weather. You can find all these clips on TV, but you never know when it's going to show up. Using a computer, you can search for all the latest stories and find clips when you want to know about them. Using a computer, you can also save information. You can use @ORGANIZATION1 and save everything you need to know in a beautiful and stylish way. You can also make diagrams on your computer. This way, your graphs will have enough time, @CAPS1 you'll get information that you don't have a computer in @CAPS1, then your information won't be like yours. I believe having a computer is a good thing because you can hear the latest stories and you can keep your information tidy. I believe in the positive impact of computers on people.
Dear newspaper I think computers are good for you because you can use the internet and my space and videos and some school assignments like math and papers so yes i do think computers are good for you because you can Do all kinds of things on the computer. A computer can help you learn a lot, you can print a lot, why a computer can help you with your math writing spelling, most notably science and ants and literature. The reason I chose those @NUM1s is because you can view those @NUM1 stuff. Computers and get correct math and spelling answers like reading @NUM3 helps you with writing and spelling, that's one of the reasons I love computers because I can keep reading @NUM3, I love reading @NUM3, I love reading @NUM3 Lessons also because of the computer Sometimes I like to read on the computer, but not all the time, but I have to read, and that's how I learned how to read by forcing myself to read in the first place. This was the first time I learned how to read with a computer and stick to it. That's why computers are more important to me and look up words.
Dear newspaper, it is not right that people spend too much time on the computer. They should exercise and interact with friends and family. Having a computer can also distract them. Computers often have a similar effect on the people who use them. All @DATE1 people should go out and work out, not sit in front of the computer. @LOCATION1 is one of the countries with the highest number of overweight people. Many teens are in @DATE1 in front of their computers waiting for their friends' screen names to pop up so they can talk to them. They don't need to leave completely, but they may be exercising while they wait for their friends. All they need to do is play some fun music and start dancing, which will give them the practice @DATE1 needs. They can also do ten push-ups and twenty curls, or even more if they want. Instead of sitting in front of the computer all @DATE1 workouts. Owning a computer affects owners because they don't have much face-to-face interaction with friends and family. You can call your friends and have them come to your house. If they can use a computer at home for a few hours, they might be able to hang out in real life. Instead of video chatting with your cousins in another state, have them come visit you @DATE1. That way you can actually talk to them and see what they're up to. You can also play board games, hide and seek, etc. It's more fun to be with someone in real life and then talk to them online. The last but not least the computer's impact on people's lives is that it distracts them from school. Once you start talking to one of your friends, it's hard to stop. Many people don't know how to stop, so they don't do the homework they should, or they don't study for @DATE1's big exam, so they end up failing. Some children will do homework and the computer at the same time, and the homework may be wrong because they are not paying enough attention. Owning a computer affects your life in many different ways, some positive and some negative. It "stops" you from exercising in some ways, it doesn't allow you to have face-to-face interactions with friends and family, and it distracts many kids.
Wouldn't it be nice to use a computer in everyday life? In this country, we can. You can use it to talk to people you never thought you'd see again. Looking into the distance is always an option. You can even simply use it to help with homework. Orientation and research, even going to different countries or even different continents can be done on the computer. You can buy program tickets. With just a few clicks, you can book a room or even book a table in restaurants in different countries. Another thing is that you can Google countries, towns and cities without having to go out and buy a book. Reading and talking to people from different countries is always an option. able to speak. It's amazing to read about people and travel to countries with the click of a button. Computers also allow us to talk and communicate with people when there is no other way. Computers enabled people to talk and see people they would never communicate with again. An example of this is my dad hasn't seen his dad since he was two years old, but he started communicating with him and we were able to see him and chat with him via web chat. So these web chat sites; ooVoo, facebook, myspce, skype, etc. allow people to reconnect. This advantage is to keep friendships and relationships going, is it really that bad? Computers help people with homework and papers. For intuition, they can type and print papers without having to write them on paper. This is helpful because it makes them in the first place, it can also be changed faster and easier. They can also get information about what they're learning more quickly and efficiently. Instead of searching for a word in a large dictionary, they can use an online dictionary and just type the word. Online dictionaries also have pronunciation help and different languages. It's helpful so they can get work done and exercise, enjoy nature or interact with family and friends. I hope you take my opinion seriously and think is it really that bad to use a computer for everyday needs?
Do you think computers will affect people's society? Computers help seniors first, computers let you chat with friends and family. Also, computers can teach you a lot about history. Finally, a computer is a great way to stay busy. A first computer is a great way to chat with friends you haven't seen in a long time. Also, it can help you meet new people and keep in touch with them for a long time. Lastly, computer technology is great because it allows you to chat with family members across state lines via video chat and even sites like myspace, facebook, and twitter. Second, @ORGANIZATION1 is a great way to learn about history. You can find the history of almost everything from the past to the present. You can learn about the history of famous places and events. That's why I think computer technology is so good, what do you think would happen if we didn't have today? Finally, a computer is a great way to keep busy as you spend time looking up information on school projects. Also, you can play games in your spare time to help you study and even book vacation tickets. In the end, technology is there for a reason, so we should use it for waking up with friends or continuing to find information about whatever you need to look for. Anyway, I just told you why having computer skills is a good thing. First, it lets your friends and family. Also, computers can teach you a lot about history. Finally, a computer is a great way to stay busy. Now I just told you why having @ORGANIZATION1 technology is a good thing. I hope to agree with my point of view.
Dear local paper @CAPS1, I am writing to you about my views on the impact of computers on people. I believe there are good and bad effects. Computers make things easier for people, but they are also too dependent. Humans should use books for research, not just computers. Computers are very helpful to people. For example, if you really want to see a certain movie, but don't want to stand in line, people can go to Movie Tickets and buy their tickets. Then, once you get to the cinema, all that's left to do is walk to the kiosk to redeem your tickets. Another example is that computers allow people to pay taxes. There is special software that can be downloaded to your computer. Once the software is installed, it usually walks you step-by-step through the process of paying your bills. This is much faster and easier than paying "manually". These are some very good effects of computers on people. Computers are also flawed. Over time, computers have made most people lazy. Some people become too dependent on their computers. Business owners, or businessmen and women in general, are @CAPS2 on their laptops or blackberries. No matter where you see another adult on the internet or email. Not only adults do this. Students are increasingly dependent on the Internet. In fact, for every assignment, students use Google or Bing. Sometimes they use or Wikipedia. Students should take the time to use their textbooks. Students would rather watch @CAPS3, play video games or text than do homework. This is understandable because homework can be boring, but it all pays off in the end. Spending extra @NUM1 minutes using textbooks won't kill anyone. No one dies using a book instead of Google. Also, while using the textbook, you will learn how to do whatever you are doing. It's not that bad, is it? As you can see, there are good and bad computers. Using the internet to do homework is easy, but it doesn't really help you. Shopping is fun though. It saves gas money and time. I hope you and the readers of this article can see my point of view.
Some people think it's a good idea, but again it's not. My point is that I think people spend a lot of time for a good reason. Here are three reasons for @NUM1. Adult work, @NUM2. Students and @NUM3 learning how to type. communicate with others. My number one reason is that my parents do a lot of work on the computer. For example, they are responsible for taxes, paperwork, airline tickets and banking. These are usually done on a computer, so it's easier if people don't drive. My second reason is that students need to learn how to type so they can email or even write on paper. It helps them build their learning skills and also lets them know how to sing @ORGANIZATION1 songs. Computers should be fun for anyone of any age. My last reason is that it's a great skill to communicate with others so you can talk in person. Computers help because if you screw up what you want to say, then you can erase what you want to say. Personally, you can't. You can also make a plan with one of your friends if they live very far away or something like that. in my opinion. I think people should be able to work on a computer, play games, have no websites and a lot more, provided you have a computer at home.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3 life without a computer. There will be no quick access to information, no way to socialize, and no way to keep your health records or other personal information secure. Where would we be without this technology? I believe the world is benefiting from the advancement of technology today. As a student, the computer was a key element in getting my work done. Without guidance from @ORGANIZATION2 @CAPS7, @CAPS4 @CAPS5 or other applications, @CAPS6 would not have allowed me to reach my full potential. How can a student be so sure their grammar is perfect in their work without asking the teacher? There is a way. It's called the @ORGANIZATION2 tool. However, the only way to access it is through a computer or the @ORGANIZATION2 @CAPS7 @ORGANIZATION2 tool, where you can check spelling, grammar and punctuation with a single mouse click. Computers are an essential learning tool in today's school system. Computers are not only used for education, but are also helpful in the real world. Many businesses rely entirely on computers for work. In fact, @CAPS8 to @PERSON1 @CAPS9 @ORGANIZATION1, a local business "@LOCATION1" that we continually collaborate with in our work. This would not have been possible without the hard work of our typists on the computer. "@CAPS6 Businesses and companies all over the country depend on the advancement of technology, why change anything? We should continue to make progress in the growth of business @LOCATION1 @PERCENT1 said they will have to close dawn @CAPS6 not computer many businesses Doing this and our economy will go down. It doesn't help. We all know that computers and other technologies are a great source of entertainment. But what you @MONTH1 don't know right now is that they provide a lot of knowledge to the average person. For example, let's say you are in Watched a special about @LOCATION2 on the Discovery Channel. You want more information, so you pull out your iPod touch. You just log into the internet and search for "@CAPS11 of @LOCATION3, @LOCATION2" @CAPS12 seconds and you'll get Your information. People @MONTH1 don't believe it, but you do learn a lot from technology in all its forms. You can have all the resources you would ever have at your fingertips. Computers provide more than entertainment. All Reasonable people would agree that technological progress is very helpful to the public. There is a lot of guidance on our daily routes through computers.
In the past few years, computers have greatly helped people. The job just got easier thanks to computer scientists finding a cure for depression. I believe computers have a baseline impact on people. Because they use their work to educate people and give people the opportunity to talk to people who have to pay for anything. If someone goes to a country they own, they might learn more about that country and its culture on their computer. Another thing they might do @CAPS1 go to a site that can help them find affordable. If a kid @CAPS1 does a report on a country in @LOCATION1, they can find the facts for that country on the computer. Computers educate people about what's going on around the world, and you can visit a website with videos and written snippets about what's going on around the world, and keep up with current events. My grandmother would tell me stories about @CAPS3 @CAPS4 before they had computers, and now my dad works at @CAPS3 @CAPS4 and he would tell me stories about his day. When you compare two different decades, it says computers helped a lot in @CAPS3 @CAPS4. Where computer stores used to have to do math on their laptops when they gave people change, now people save money by typing numbers on their computers. I think computers help people get their jobs done. When you talk to someone on the phone, you spend money. I'll pay you to answer the phone when you just want to meet someone. You can use your computer, or send people any fee at any time. If you want to meet friends for her @CAPS9 but don't have the money to fly halfway around the world to see her, you can video chat with her. Computers help people save money by talking on a computer with friends, family, and even colleagues. Computers have been very useful since their invention. They help people learn about the world and anything you want to know. They also make work and work easier and also help people save a lot of money by talking to the person on the computer over the phone. Computers have improved tremendously over the years, the screen used to be so small you had to press all these buttons to turn it on, now computers can be as big as a tablet @CAPS10, just press them to turn them on in one button, who knows what computers will look like in @NUM1 years from now?
Hi, I've decided to write a dissertation on the subject of computers and how they can benefit society. Commuters are powerful machines that can be used to accomplish other mundane and boring tasks. They benefit people in many ways, such as they are very useful in business, helpful in education, and bring friends and family together. Computers are very useful in business and are extremely important tools in the average workplace today and get work done more efficiently than without a computer. One reason computers are so useful in the workplace is because computers can store more data than can fit on paper. Also, they can complete jobs and processes very quickly, which is important in the workplace. They can also be used to send important information quickly and without much hassle. These are all valid reasons why commuters are good for business and help get work done. Computers are very important in today's schools and educational programs because they help students work in a more efficient manner. "Among all the students surveyed, @PERCENT1 indicated that they would rather write essays for school than handwriting, indicating that they value essays in education." said @PERSON2, a professor at @ORGANIZATION1. This shows that computers are important to students and are being used. In addition to students writing essays, teachers and school systems use computers for grading, attendance records, and more. The teachers at my school are using @CAPS1 @CAPS2, the hardware that connects directly to the computer, can be used in place of the white @CAPS2, and I see students getting more engaged and focused in class because this computer is using technology . All of these @CAPS3 are reasons why computers aid the educational process and should continue to be used. Many people want to be able to talk to their friends and family there when they are bored, and thanks to computers and social networking sites and instant messengers, this has become easier. "Adolescents in @PERCENT2 have at least one social networking site that they visit regularly," says @PERSON1, a phycologist who specializes in adolescents, suggesting that people use these sites, and they love them. Families separated because @MONTH1 recently moved out of the house may want to communicate with each other, and thanks to computers, they can. They can use the computer in a number of ways to keep in touch, such as the aforementioned instant messaging system. Being able to communicate with each other makes these people happy and benefits society. Overall, being able to communicate via a computer is a joy for many people, and it's important in today's society. All in all, computers contribute to society in ways that make everyone better. Whether it's helping businesses be more efficient, enabling students to work faster the way they like, or helping people stay connected, computers are always good for society. These machines slow people down hardly more than manual work, and the positive effects they do far outweigh the bad things they do.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, "@CAPS1, @CAPS1, @CAPS1" please speak. "@CAPS4 Oh, here comes Pete." "@CAPS5, is he getting fat". "All he does is play on the computer all day." The number of @CAPS6 is increasing, or the teens via @LOCATION1 are playing too much on the computer. This needs to stop. "@CAPS7 playing on a computer is one of the worst things they do with their time." @CAPS8 @PERSON1 International Health Commission. @CAPS6 will always be obese around the world, but over the past @NUM1 years @LOCATION2 has doubled in all @LOCATION3. "@CAPS9 shows that more Americans than @PERCENT1 are fat and very so. The future of Americans is fat lazy @CAPS7 who just want to sit in front of a screen all day. @PERCENT2 of @CAPS7 never grew up without experiencing nature Totally appreciate it. Because they play on the computer all day they never use nature, they don't care about it, littering and polluting more. Just @CAPS7 Playing on a computer can be very bad for the environment, just as bad for yourself. It's not just the computer that hurts @CAPS7 and the environment it hurts family and friends, @CAPS7 People who are on the computer all day are not spending enough time with family and friends, family should be close, they can't if someone is on the computer all day Just a few weeks ago @PERSON2 ray field @CAPS8, he was banned because he played too much on the computer and didn't speak to a lot of his people in two weeks. @PERCENT3 The reason for the divorce was about being on the computer The debate on time spent.” @CAPS8 @PERSON3 from Yale Center for Marriage Studies. If @CAPS7 knew they might be causing their parents to diversify, they might stop playing so much on the computer. So @CAPS7 shouldn't be spending that much time on their computers because of health, the environment and their families. So it's really up to the people, do you want a country of good health where every home is within easy reach or a shabby fat hole in the wall to be "called" @LOCATION4
I believe that computers have a good influence on people. Computers enable people to stay in touch with distant friends or family members. Computers have games for kids to help them learn, and people can learn new things too. My first reason is that computers keep people connected. If someone in the family lives far away, they can always chat using email. That way they don't lose each other. Also, sometimes, friends leave and you always want to stay in touch. Another thing is that if they want to send photos to each other, they can use email. Plus, because, it takes forever to get through the mail. Please keep people connected! My second reason is that computers have games for kids to play. Games that children play can help them learn more. Sometimes watching TV doesn't help. If they actually play the game and see what they're doing, they're going to get smarter. That's what we want for our kids, right? Also, kids have a lot of fun playing these games. Do you really want to take away the learning experience? My third reason is that computers help people learn new things. Like, they can understand what's going on in the world on a computer. People can learn new words they never knew. Also, pictures on your computer can help. For example, if someone is traveling somewhere and they don't know what the price is. They can check it out on the computer, right? So, all in all, I believe the computer is good to use. They help people stay connected, help children learn through play, help people learn about new things in the world, and more. So, I mean, please keep the computer. They are not wasting our time. turn me!
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, Over the past decade, advances in technology have revolutionized the world. Technology makes people's lives easier and helps more and more people around the world stay connected. Created more jobs and helped speed up mundane activities like taxation, messaging, journalism and teaching. However, many have proven that excessive use of technology can make teens and adults addicted to the internet. In this addiction, many people lose time with family, exercise, and enjoyment of nature. As a generation growing up in the age of new technology, I have experienced first-hand the benefits of new technology. I believe this technology is of great help in today's society. Thanks to this technology, more jobs are being created. For example, think about how many people could be employed if a new computer system was created. There will be thousands of people doing many things like founders, managers, creators of new ideas, or just working in retail stores for new companies. Running a business or company is a very difficult job. But thanks to advancements in technology, running a business can become easier without wasting too much time. Instead of running around the office with memos, people can send emails in seconds thanks to new technology. Also for businesses, their company stock can be updated every minute. These advancements will make them easier to run and more efficient. With the advancement of technology, people are updating new things all over the world every minute on average. Also, when tax is required, fill it out and pay online. Still, there is more entertainment for everyone. With today's new technologies, people's lives have become easier. They can work faster, complete more tasks, learn more, connect with people around the world, and stay up-to-date with local and international news. Technology is benefiting society and is expected to continue to make life easier.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1's best friend, @LOCATION2, used to be a nerd with no hand-eye coordination, @CAPS2, he started using computers and now his hand-eye coordination is better than mine. Computers not only teach hand-eye coordination, but @CAPS3 enables people to understand distant places and people, as well as the ability to converse with others online. @CAPS1 Friends aren't the only ones learning hand-eye coordination. People on @PERCENT1 use computers to learn hand-eye coordination. @CAPS3 can take months to learn, but once kids know about @CAPS3, they'll be outside for hours. Who doesn't want to learn hand-eye coordination? In addition, computers enable people to learn about distant places and people. Computer engineer @PERSON1 said, "@NUM1 out of every @NUM2 people know about places and people threw the internet." @CAPS3 It will take hours, but you'll get an education. If we're getting an education, why would anyone think we spend too much time on the internet? Also, don't you have friends who live more than @NUM3 miles from you? If you do, @CAPS2 a computer will solve your communication problems. @CAPS1 friend @LOCATION1 lives NUM4 miles from me. We use hotmail, yahoo and facebook to communicate. The best part is that it's not free like a phone call. Also, computer expert @PERSON2 said: "I learned hand-eye coordination using a computer. Most importantly, thanks to the information provided by the computer, I was able to submit the @CAPS1 paper on time, and I was able to communicate with the @CAPS1 family." I don't want to tell You this, but I'm also a nerd with no hand-eye coordination and I'm learning as @LOCATION2 learned. We didn't spend much time, we were just getting an education.
Dear newspaper, in @DATE1's world, we rely on computers. @DATE1 Computers have become the most useful source of technology. We need computers to do many things, and they benefit society. They help people converse online, are educational, and can improve hand-eye coordination. It's amazing how much computers have helped us. We need computers as much as we need water. How will we survive if we don't? Computers have become the glue of friendship. They help maintain friendships when you don't see them often. I have a friend who moved to @LOCATION1 last year. Just calling and texting her is too expensive. So, I kept in touch with her through the computer. Every day we @CAPS1 and use Skype to stay connected. These fees are @MONEY1 per year. If I call her, it will cost @MONEY2 per call. If it weren't for the internet, I really know our friendship would crumble. Computers are very helpful to many people who have the same problem. Computers have become the number one source for finding information. They are more popular than libraries and textbooks combined. There are many important resources on the computer. Textbooks, calculators, and even homework are all online. Many people say computers are not educational, but scientists say it can improve students' grades from @CAPS2- to A+. Teachers say the same. A classmate of mine said the computer changed his life. He used to forget to do his homework, but he looked online and found it all. Now he knew which pages to read from the science book. If you don't think computers have changed students' lives, think again. There are also games that improve hand-eye coordination. It is used by many sports teams like @CAPS3. @PERCENT1 Added hand-eye coordination. The team said they would never have won @CAPS4 @CAPS5 if it wasn't for the hand-eye coordination competition. This game is also free online for anyone to use. Everyone who has used it says it does improve reaction times. The game is also fun and non-violent. They have games like baseball, hockey, and hurdles. This game has greatly improved people's lives. If we don't have a computer, then our hand-eye coordination will decrease @PERCENT2. Do you want to be the one who takes away the computer? In conclusion, computers have had a huge impact on society at @DATE1. Computers are educational, you can chat with friends, and improve your hand-eye coordination. Computers have greatly improved our way of life, and for the better. If we didn't have computers, friendships would break down, grades would drop, and hand-eye coordination would plummet. We need computers that are so beneficial to billions of people around the world. Many people rely on computers. So if we take away the computer, you're going to let a lot of people down. No sane person would want to take away the computer. Computers benefit society in many ways.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 considers the use of "too much" computer time an outrage. I think people should have more ideas. Such as exercising, socializing with family and friends, and finally "your time" which means doing whatever you want indoors, but @CAPS2 computers. For excersice, you can do any sport you like outdoors. For @CAPS3 and spending time with family and friends, you can have a nice family gathering @CAPS5 at their home, just "gather with your friends. Four" you can draw, @CAPS5 read a book. They think a lot more than "Computer time @CAPS6 time!" With a workout to go out and play basketball, football @CAPS5 baseball and more. You can even play hide and seek with your friends @CAPS5 or even the hashtag. Anything that takes you out of the house requires a computer! If you exercise every day, like "exercise" to keep fit, you're definitely managing it, not using "computer time". Exercise is a great idea to use "computer time"! @CAPS3 is a great use to be with family and friends instead of "computer time, because you finally have time to spend time chatting with them, playing games @CAPS5 and having dinner together. It's called "@CAPS3" your Family @CAPS5 friends will love to have dinner together and chat. You can also play any board game like Monopoly. Run to the movies with your friends and spend the night outside @CAPS5 playing. Lots with family and friends Great idea to do it together instead of using "computer time". Instead of using "computer time" the last idea is "your indoor time". Warning! But @CAPS2 computer time! You can do something a lot like painting a pretty picture Picture thing. It's a good thing compared to using "computer time". @CAPS5 You can even read a book. Maybe you have to catch up on your language arts night reading and you want to start reading yours Goal book. If you choose to do "your time, you're sure to manage to undo those useless "computer time!" @CAPS6 It's easy to not use a computer in these "ideas". Sitting at the computer is unhealthy @CAPS6 days! Instead, you can exercise. You can also socialize with family and friends. Finally, do "your time". But don't use a computer! ! ! If you want to achieve a goal, you can manage it! ! !
Computers have brought money, friends and time to many people. In fact, since the advent of computers this year, many people have been spending a lot of time online. This causes people to lose time and friends. Today's computers and technology have had a great impact on many people. Spending too much time on the computer results in wasted time and money. For example, my eldest brother was very old at @NUM1 or @NUM2 because our computers started working, but it had a positive effect on him, he started playing sports like basketball and lacrosse and was very good at those sports and passed high school Follow hockey. While doing so, he also saved my parents money. That's why @CAPS1 computers have a negative impact on people. New technologies cost people a lot of time because they could have been doing other things they would have been doing in their lives. For example, many people in @LOCATION1 spend half their time playing on the computer and not getting exercise is the video game they play on the computer that day. This is the effect @CAPS1 computers can have on people losing or making friends. Like I used to be a friend of a guy, but then he didn't talk to me for almost the entire @DATE1 because he was always on the computer, which made me think he didn't want to be friends, but in fact he just deleted almost all @DATE1 DATE1 to the computer. I've been to his house about @NUM3 times every @DATE2 this year since this helped me. This is how @CAPS1 computers can change your life. Now is the time to decide whether to own a computer or not. In my opinion, it's best for everyone if we don't have a computer, but if you do, we should have a computer instead of waiting on a computer for a while. So you and your family don't waste time, workout time or friends. Overall, I think it's best for everyone if we have time to play on the computer all day.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2's name is @PERSON1, I don't think computers are very beneficial to our society. Computers are not good for us because they prevent many @CAPS3 from exercising and living healthy, playing sports and enjoying the outdoors. Computers are preventing many people, especially the younger generation, @CAPS3 from exercising. Instead of going to the gym, many people now talk to friends or play computer games at home. As a result, many people are not as healthy as they should be. It has also been recorded that anyone using a computer for extended periods of time can damage their eyes, leading to an increase in the number of people wearing glasses. If people start doing things other than computers, they will live happier, healthier, better lives. Unfortunately, many young people do not participate in sports. During this decade, many sports games appeared on the computer. Now, instead of forcing themselves to work for space, kids don't have the heart to play, or don't play at all. The reason for this is so that they can put a ton of effort into their custom @CAPS4 or @ORGANIZATION1 teams in @PERSON2 or @NUM1. Also, computers are not the only electronically preventing kids @CAPS3 from playing sports, xbox, playstation, xbox @NUM2, psp, @NUM3, gamecube and gameboy are the few console systems where playing games distract kids. Myself, caught thinking more about xbox games then @CAPS2's own hacky game! It's no surprise that these electronic devices attract kids like magnets, but parents are warning their kids to play video games or stay on the computer for hours on end. Many of us don't know what it's really like to go out camping. Don't spend time with your family. I come to @CAPS3 in the @CAPS5 family, many @CAPS5 families are very close, so it's only natural to do things with @CAPS2's dad or brother or whole or cousin. However, not many families are as close as they are, so they don't do something together. If some fathers take their sons fishing or camping, which gets them off the @CAPS3 computer, the father-son band gets stronger. These are the reasons Mr. @CAPS2 and should be considered for a long time. Remember that many people need to exercise, many people need to play sports, and many families need to experience the outdoors.
Dear local paper, I think using a computer is a good thing, it doesn't interfere with exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. Here are three reasons that support my point, people are learning more on the internet, kids in school can go online to find homework content, and how the internet affects everyday life. I think the number one reason computers are good is because people learn more on the internet, you know what people say, you learn something new every day. Well, if you want to know something or are thinking about something, the internet can help you find what you are looking for, @ORGANIZATION1 is a great site to find what you are looking for. It also has its own image if your project requires a picture. The second main reason why I use the internet is good, because if you're @CAPS1, you can go online and see what's on every topic. If you're @CAPS1 and you don't want to do your homework on your break after being sick the next day. No, you can go to your school website online and click on your teacher's name to view your homework. That way, you still have time to go out, play with friends, and interact with your family. The third and final reason why I use the internet is good is that it affects everyday life in a good way. If you don't have a TV and don't know what the weather is like, you can go online to see if it's snowing or raining. This can tell you if you need a jacket or rain jack, if you need to use a shovel or an umbrella. The internet can play a role in everyday life. All in all, I think using the internet is great and doesn't affect your workouts or interactions with your family. To support this, I say, people are now learning more about the internet, kids can access homework if you miss a day, and how the internet can affect your daily life in a good way.
Do you remember the last time you locked something on your computer? Many people use computers, but not all agree that it is good for society. Those who support technological trance believe that computers have a positive impact on people. I support computers because they help with writing, locking information, and providing communication. One of the reasons I support computers is because they help with writing. You could say I don't have the best handwriting. In order to solve this problem, I type almost all papers. Computers can also help people with spelling and grammar. There are even systems now allowing you to say something and @CAPS1 will appear on the screen. This is just one of the reasons I support computers. Second, computers are beneficial because they provide information. "Before using a computer, you would need to go to the library to find about ten books that might not even have what you were looking for. Now you can find hundreds of articles on any topic in minutes. The amount of information out there is Unimaginable. I think computers are a great technology because they provide information. In the end, I believe computers are good for us because of communication. A communication term that has come up recently is @CAPS2. @CAPS1 is one that lets us send Websites to message friends, share pictures, videos, etc. Email lets you send letters to people instantly over the internet. I can talk forever about forms of communication on the internet. This is the last reason I support computers. Computers are great for society Big benefits. They help with writing, communication, and everyone can benefit from computers.
Dear newspaper computers have been a great learning resource and I think it's time to give them some criticism for worrying about them. I'll tell you how awesome I think computers are. One reason they are useful is that books don't always contain all the information. So if you need to know a fact or a project needs more information, you can do it on your computer, it's there, and you'll know more facts at the beginning. The second reason is that you can use your computer almost anywhere, and you may not have a phone, but you can talk or send messages. Not everyone has a phone, but a computer is a secondary way to talk to someone. Another reason is that it's not always sunny outside, and on a rainy day, you can play and study without going out. When you don't have a chance to be outside, the computer won't replace the outdoors or exercising it's just a pastime. I hope you like and understand my reasons and take them into consideration when discussing this topic.
I think computers help people because you can learn about things like @CAPS1 here, you want a job, you can look in a computer. Also @CAPS1 if you have questions they will help you. @CAPS1 where you can go, you can see what it's like on your computer, @CAPS1 you like it, you can go to @CAPS1 instead of seeing where you're going. I think it's a great thing @CAPS1 that you can look for people in your computer because you can talk to them and see them really cool. You can find what you want to study on your computer. Like @CAPS1, you have a favorite and you can look it up on your computer and her videos, or you can look up other sites, which is really cool. You can play games online, there are a lot of games and fun learning games out there. Math games science games different games for you what. You can also use other people who are planning the game as you. Really cool. I think computers are not bad for people, computers help them a lot.
Dear local paper, are computers good or bad for society? What do you think you would enjoy doing on your computer all the time? I don't, so that's why I think computers will have a negative impact on society. The first reason I think computers are negative is because you can get addicted to having to use a computer all the time. Addiction to the computer can have serious consequences. For example, you spend less time exercising, which is not healthy for your body. Inactivity can lead to many things like being overweight, health problems, diseases like diabetes and many other things, but usually these are the main problems. You can avoid this by turning on your computer and going for a walk, but people want to do that because of what computers have to offer these days. This is one of the reasons why computers have a negative impact on society. Another reason why computers have a negative impact on society is that you don't spend as much time with friends and family. Even if you don't know this, if you spend more time on your computer than you do with your family and friends, it can affect them in many ways. They will be disappointed, or even worried, for worrying about you. When you're always on the computer, you ignore your family and it hurts them emotionally. Think about how you would feel if you had a good friend who was with you all the time. You two do anything together and suddenly your best friend suddenly stops calling you; or visiting you and hanging out with you. You'll be disappointed that the computer lost your best friend. These things happen when you overuse your computer. That's why, in my personal opinion, think computers are bad, they do more harm. The last reason I say computers are bad is security. In those days computers had all the websites like @CAPS1, @CAPS2, twitter etc. There are a lot of kids chatting with people they don't even know. They also post pictures of themselves and don't even think it's a dangerous thing to do. Once you post these images, they will persist regardless of whether you try to delete them or not. Another thing when you're on a computer, people don't even think about their safety, that's what happens. For example, you may think you are talking to a friend, but it turns out that you are talking to a stranger. Then you go to meet your friend and it's not. So you can see that the security of these computers is a really big concern. That's why I believe computers can have a real negative impact on society. So do you still think computers are good or bad for society? My opinion is still the same, and I'm sure there are others who feel the same. So that's why I think computers are bad for society, and computers are doing more harm to the people who use them than any good.
Dear newspaper, @CAPS1 Computers are becoming more and more part of everyday life and people are starting to question whether they have a positive impact on people. Computers are technological marvels that have had a positive impact on humanity. The World Wide Web, infinite socialization, and simulation are just a few of the benefits of computers. The Internet provides us with access to the world. An unlimited amount of information can be found on your computer. "@CAPS2 Schools rely on the internet for information almost every day," said Education Minister @PERSON1. In addition, search engines provide access to thousands of pages loaded with information. In addition to unlimited information, the web hosts thousands of different Web pages. With these people can learn what other people think or spend time playing games. The web is just one of hundreds of great things about computers. Socializing is a huge part of the modern way of life. The web came to computers @CAPS1 allows people to talk to friends who live thousands of miles away. People no longer need to fly on a plane to talk to their friends on the other side of the world. Also, instant messaging and email are the primary communication systems for thousands of people. It's the most efficient The way I talk to friends. In fact, by getting emails, I reconnect with a lot of people I haven't been in touch with in a long time. Everyone loves traveling with their friends and family, using computers. Simulation is a huge advantage of computers. Many simulation programs are used to help people live. Many professions use computer simulations to help learn heat to do their jobs. Nine out of ten medical schools use surgical simulation @CAPS1 in their training courses. In addition, simulations on computers and Games show a lot of interest. After playing a lot of historical computer games, I am now more interested in history myself. Many games and computer simulations have also helped many people learn new things, @CAPS3 is a myriad of computers Accessible learning games and simulations. Simulations bring huge benefits to owning a computer. @CAPS1 Technological advances have opened up many possibilities for people to absorb @CAPS1 information through the web's unlimited socialization and simulations. More benefits, fewer problems with computers .So, if you deny the benefits of computers, how can you keep up in a world where computer users have an edge? Computers impact people in positive ways.
computer. One of the most popular technologies. But it's also one of many distractions. Many people wonder if computers are really beneficial. I am one of those thinkers. I don't think computers are always good for society. They have lots and lots of distractions like Facebook, online games, and even inappropriate images and videos. If you really think so, are computers really as useful as we think? My friend @PERSON2 was just told facebook and got a membership. It just started out as a "big thing" or something. She goes online a lot just to check her status and if she has any messages in her inbox, that's @CAPS2. But later, she became completely addicted. She applied to @CAPS2 clubs and groups and started falling behind in school. After not studying, she gets too much @CAPS1 on most of the tests because she's doing it for nearly six hours a day. @PERSON2 will go home and don't even bother to do homework, but go online right away. A month after becoming a member, she failed a class at @CAPS2 and her mom stripped her of her computer privileges. See, she was distracted by one little thing and her whole life was almost ruined. "But Mom, I'm playing a game! I won!" @PERSON1 exaggerated. @PERSON1 loves online games, he almost won @PERCENT1. However, that's not the point. He plays @CAPS2 games at the time. @PERSON1's games get in the way of his interactions with his family. He @CAPS3 didn't play with his four year old sister @PERSON3 because she was two. His mother often eats dinner alone. Sometimes, he even looks at inappropriate photos while his mom is out shopping. When he was playing a game, a girl @CAPS4 he, "@CAPS5 on my pic. They're hot! He looks at them. He thinks they're harmless, but that's not what his mom thinks. His game Already got into the way of his family and social life. Most people think computers are beneficial because you can find cool information. However, you can get @CAPS2 kinds of information from books. Instead of typing '@ORGANIZATION1' , you can just type @CAPS5 in the library. It takes less time and you won't get the carpal tunnel as easily. See? Computers aren't as beneficial as most people think. There are @CAPS2 points hearts, and these are just a few.
Dear newspaper, "@CAPS1 NO!" I forgot the definition of this homework question and I don't have my notes. Now, in this case, the computer would be very helpful, just type the word and get a whole bunch of results. That's why I believe having access to a computer anytime is very helpful because you can find the information you've always needed. You can get in touch with friends if you need to, or if you're just sitting there with nothing to do, you can get lost talking and discover things on your computer that you @MONTH1 didn't know. Access to a computer is a real and very helpful thing because if you're just talking to someone and you forget the name of an important fact you want to tell them, you can always look it up. For me, many times I just need information about an athlete in a famous event. Since our technology is so advanced, computers are out there and there are a lot of people sitting there with useful facts that we want to know. Friends are an important part of my life and I love talking to them and seeing how they are doing. Then again, our technology is so advanced now that there are a lot of websites that allow us to talk and learn about our work. One big reason it's helpful to be able to talk to friends and family is that it's possible to bring people who are far away and who you wouldn't normally see. On your computer, you can not only talk to people all over @CAPS2.SA, you can even talk to people in other countries! In the end, I found that having a computer by my side was most helpful when I was bored and had nothing to do! I have access to a ton of educational sites about what I @MONTH1 learned or wanted to learn in school. On the Internet, there are many things to keep you busy, such as gaming, or you can even watch a movie from your computer at home! If you have a computer at home, you shouldn't get bored because you can do a lot of things, even study! Having a computer near your house is very helpful, you can have fun, but you can even learn how to be good at technology at the same time. Computers are the future, and it's a good future. So I suggest you pick up one and enjoy it, you won't regret it.
Computers do benefit society. They changed the world a lot. You can do a lot of things on the Internet. On your computer, you can chat with anyone anywhere. Computers help the world. These are the ways in which computers can benefit our society. You can do a lot of things on the Internet. You can play games with people. You can talk to people on certain websites. You can find places to relax. If you're tired of being at home, go online. These are the things you can do on the Internet. On a computer, there are many settings. Of all these, chat is the best. You can chat while playing games. If you chat with someone, you can still chat with the other person. You can chat with people from all over the world. That's why chat is the best setup. Computers help the world in many ways. If the kids need to research something, it will help them. It helps police catch bad guys. Computers help parents get information from their children through holiday ads. This is a computer-assisted world. Computers really benefit our society. It changed the world. You can do a lot of things on it. On your computer, you can chat with people from anywhere. Computers help the world every day. This is how computers can benefit our society.
Dear @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 @CAPS3 of @LOCATION1 I think computers are a good thing to use. I know some people do use a computer for enjoyment or exercise, but not everyone does and computers are a great resource for investing time. The impact of computers on people is good (in most cases). The saying is true, people who use computers can talk to people online and get information faster than in a library. I believe that the impact of computers on people is good. When people use a computer, they can get information (words) for research and work. That's because, when you're on a computer, you can simply relax, but get a lot of work done. You can also do things on the computer, hold your dog, hold your cat, eat, drink, text, call. This is very much advice (use). But some computers are a bad thing because not very expensive and likewise no money to buy a computer, but if you have, you are cheated because they are human or for example @CAPS4 not a computer he can have good so rich and rumors because Computers are what he needs to be successful at Microsoft, so computers are useful and their impact on people is positive.
Dear newspaper, I think computers are great. Really helpful there. They can teach us something. They also have fun games and websites, which is always a plus. Computers are helpful in many ways, for example, if you need to look up something for school, you can easily find it on the computer, and some teachers now have websites that ask to bring home a large social studies book that you can Keep going online and use online books. Did you know that @PERCENT1 of the @CAPS1 students would rather use an internet book and take the actual one home. Also, if you forget to write down your homework, you can find all your homework on the website. Computers can also teach us things. Some sites have math games and school related stuff. You can also easily google things and they can give you thousands of pieces of information. Finally, the internet is a great source of entertainment, they have millions of games on the internet, and interesting sites like facebook. Did you know that @PERCENT2 of @CAPS1 students use computers for games and online chats. It also gives the kids a lot to do on rainy days. So whether you use the internet for useful resources or just for fun games and websites. Computers are really helpful.
Dear local paper; @CAPS1 Did you know that computers teach you a lot of things? you probably will! I know you want to know my opinion on whether computers have a positive or negative effect on people. Well, I think it has a positive effect. Computers teach you how to type and learn installation keys. It can also help you find people, states, and more. Finally, it can also help you interact with other students when you are not in school. I encourage you to read on for my wonderful and strategic thoughts. First of all, I think computers have a positive effect on people because it allows you to learn how to type I remember last year in @NUM1 grade, the technology education teacher, ma @LOCATION4, was told to go to a website that was to learn how to type. It tells us that the primary key is. A. @CAPS2, @CAPS3, @CAPS4 and @CAPS5, @CAPS6, @CAPS7 and colon (;). This is very helpful. I've typed like this ever since. I think learning how to type is a great thing. If you want to be a secretary or even a newspaper editor, typing can help you. My mother is a secretary down town with the name: @ORGANIZATION1. She worked in three houses, so she learned to type fast. Typing is an important part of your life. You can use it for projects that you must complete in class, or essays that you must enter in order to apply for scholarships. Typing is everywhere, even in math class, my teacher types and puts them on @CAPS8 @CAPS9. Also, computers have a positive impact on people as they help in finding celebrities, states, countries, etc. I remember a project on @CAPS10 on @NUM2 grade I @CAPS1 and a powerpoint on @NUM3 grade I @CAPS1 I also did a project on @LOCATION1 in @NUM1 grade and this year I did it on @PERSON1 A music project for @CAPS1 and I'm starting a project on @LOCATION2 and @LOCATION3. As you know, I've been using computers, basically my whole life, except when I was a baby, but now that I think about it, I got a fake computer when @CAPS11 was a baby. I know computers are @LOCATION1, but they do have a positive effect on people. When was the last time you needed a computer to help you find something or someone? Priority not so long ago. Computers are real daels. They can help you with anything. They have helped me all my life. Going on, computers have a positive effect on people. They help interact with other students and family members when they are not in touch. I remember when my cousin moved out. I am very depressed. I didn't let her go. Then she gave me her email and asked me to contact her on the computer so I could talk to her. There are many websites on the computer that people can interact with, such as: @CAPS12, @CAPS14, @CAPS13, aol, msn, yahoo, g-mail, twitter, etc. I love talking to people from all over the country. I chat with my friends when I'm at home. I talk to my family. My favorite site is @CAPS14. I am a fan of it. It's interesting @CAPS2. Do you have a favorite interactive website? @CAPS1 Do you have an interactive website? If you don't, you should get one. This is why computers have a positive impact on people. In conclusion, I think computers have a positive effect on people. One is because they can interact with others. Two: They can look up things to help them. Third, they can develop a sense of typing. Thank you for reading my letter, which I believe has persuaded you to agree with me on how computers can positively affect people.
Readers of "@LOCATION2 @CAPS1" should fully understand the benefits of computers to society. Not only do they teach hand-eye coordination, but they enable people to understand distant places and provide an easy way to communicate online. In this day and age, good coordination is essential for a society to thrive. Using a computer provides a way to build and improve hand-eye coordination from the comfort of your home or workplace. Dr. @DR1 from @ORGANIZATION1 Medical Center said a recent study showed that, out of every @NUM2 computer, @NUM1 users had better hand-eye coordination than people who didn't use computers regularly. At a local elementary school, students have started "@CAPS2 to learn," a program that promotes fast typing. Since the program was launched on @DATE1, school officials have seen a marked increase in children's typing speed. In this way, computers provide a safe route to better hand-eye coordination. What's more, the hand-eye coordination skills gained from using a computer can increase the chances of getting a job involving computer hand-eye coordination in adulthood, such as a secretary or graphic designer position. While hand-eye coordination is a factor in computers that has a very positive effect on humans, the ability to understand distant places through keyboard touch is even more beneficial for all users. If you search for the name of a city or country, sites like Google and Yahoo can find millions of results in seconds. It's also handy when working on school projects; instead of dragging dozens of books home to complete an article about @LOCATION1, you can just look up the information on your home computer. When summer rolls around and the last class bell rings, you can instead research far-flung places that might turn into vacation spots instead of homework. All travel information, from airline tickets to the correct currency, is at your fingertips on your computer. If "@LOCATION2 @CAPS1" readers realized this, a lot of trouble could be saved, and a lot of time could be saved. One of the computer components that is used more than research is online communication. State officials, governors, and even the president can post information on websites for citizens to check when they check the weather or email. It's an easier way to hear government announcements than waiting for a speech on @CAPS4 with endless ads. Social networking sites are also very popular, with pages like facebook and twitter where you can reconnect with people you don't get a chance to see every day, or don't lie. If your cousin goes to school abroad and doesn't have international calls, you can communicate with them via email on your computer as if they never left. It's absurd to think that someone will discover that computers - portals to far-flung places, good hand-eye coordination, and connecting ten far-flung friends and family members - have social concerns. They help towns in countless ways, and "@CAPS5 @CAPS1" readers should be aware of that.
Dear newspaper people, I am here to tell you that computers have a bad effect on people. Computer @MONTH1 holds a lot of information, but does it always hold the correct information? You can do a lot of other things besides lying on your computer. Also, computers are very distracting. Computer @MONTH1 is giving you wrong information. Rather than going through the process of turning on the computer, searching for information and closing it takes more time than finding a book, opening it, finding the information, closing it, and putting it back. Books are more often correct. A computer takes more time than a book. Computers give you more information than books. Besides playing computer, there are many other things to do. You can read a book or draw a picture. You can also play basketball or ride a bike outdoors. You can call your friends and play with them. If you're really bored and don't know what to do, make up a game. Sometimes, the computer can distract you. If you want to get homework done and you have a computer, it will get you off topic. It's tempting if you're working on a computer. Even other people on the computer can be distracted. If you're on a computer, just change what you want to search for (eg @ORGANIZATION1) to what you want to search for (eg @ORGANIZATION1 company). See what I mean by negative impact? It doesn't always give you the right information, you can do better things in life and be very distracting. This is what makes workers fit for procrastinators and for lazy people. Computers have entered our world and changed all of our lives! Computers have brought huge changes to everyday life. Please agree with me.
Although some people think that computers have turned our children into zombies, I believe they affect us in positive ways. Computers can help us explore far-flung places our @MONTH1 has never been. Maybe help us connect with old friends, or just a little help with homework. I think one reason computers can only help us is because they help us explore other places. I know for a fact that every child dreams of a place they want to go. But not all of us can afford to travel far. However, most households have computers. With these computers, children can use the Internet to learn a ton of interesting facts about their location with their parents' permission. "I've always wanted to go to @LOCATION1 but my parents just don't have the right income" said @PERSON1 of @CAPS4 @CAPS1-@CAPS2 @CAPS3 school I found out with my @CAPS6 and the internet. Hundreds of amazing facts. "@CAPS4 As you can see, computers help people achieve their dreams. Another reason I think computers are great is that they help you connect with your friends. If you're like me, you love talking to your friends. A @CAPS4 CAPS5! But sometimes they're too far, if you don't want to pay, just call it. A solution, a new fantastic machine called. @CAPS6! You can chat long distances without it. This is especially good for me , because a while back, one of my best friends moved to @LOCATION2. I thought I'd never talk to him again. Then I learned about @CAPS7 @CAPS8. It lets you talk wherever you want! Now , my friends and I can keep in touch, @CAPS4 can you! The last reason I think computers are good is that they help you with your homework too. There's even a tricky math problem you can't think of out there? That time How about visiting state capitals, leaking your mine? Well @CAPS6 can fix both ladies and more! Today @PERCENT1's computers come with soft wear with calculators. For another @PERCENT1, You can download and install software to your @CAPS6 for a low price. And every @CAPS6 made in this world is internet enabled. All you need to do is turn it on and get ready to ride! @CAPS4 no worries @CAPS6 Too much use because computers can only help us, not hurt us. @CAPS4 Remember, computers help us fully realize our dreams. They also help us connect with others and help us excel in school. @CAPS4 keep going. Did you use @CAPS6 today?
Using a computer is absolutely right. It's helpful, you can discover new things and more. Computers have made people's lives so much easier. Computers can help people by finding what you desperately need. Like if you were a student, you had to write a paper on @PERSON1. Computers have internet, like billions of facts @PERSON1 and more information about everything. It will also help by finding what's happening around the world, the weather, new things and even things, and even answer your questions. Discovering things on a computer is something that happens every day. For example, the next day I read an article about @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 @CAPS3 and my teacher gave us a quiz about it and I got @NUM1. If a computer gets some bad @NUM1 in their tests, think about what else it can do for the world. It might even help save lives. Of course, a computer will help. Like getting points from yesterday's game, see what's going on in your community, watch videos, listen to music, talk to your friends, relatives get information about places, medical stuff. A computer can basically do everything from finding game scores to saving lives. Using a computer is obviously the best option.
Dear local @CAPS1, I think computers are very beneficial to society. Most of the things we do today would not happen without computers. The biggest use of a computer is communication. If you are on a business trip at @LOCATION1 but need to send a letter to your company, you can send a cheaper emil than @CAPS1. Experts worry that people are not spending enough time with family and friends as a focus. Many people use computers to communicate with family and friends. If I can't be on Facebook, I hardly ever talk to my cousin. If I don't follow her on @CAPS2, I'll have to wait another month to find out that my other cousin is engaged. If face-to-face contact is the concern, computers can solve that too, a video messaging site called ooVoo. Another way in which computers allow communication is through information sharing. Many of the facts that schools need are scattered across hundreds of books. At @CAPS3, I've done research on a project and was able to get facts about crime statistics from @ORGANIZATION1 and @ORGANIZATION2. A lot of times, researching animals will take you online as more modern books document sites for travel to get more information. A simple research project could take months without @CAPS3. Some scientists believe that people spend too much time on the computer. This is right and wrong. Sitting in front of a computer watching YouTube for hours isn't the best thing to do. However, @CAPS4 also works on computers. @CAPS4 has designed a game that allows you to have fun while exercising. Computers are like chocolate. They can be good, but too much is a bad thing.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, In this new digital age, computers are getting more and more advanced. You can now do anything with a computer, from talking to people to learning about far-flung places. Even though people's lives have been ruined because of the internet, it's not as good as it seems. It is for this reason that computers are not good for our society. With computers, we can learn anything, go shopping, and connect with friends. For many, this takes away the purpose of going out. You can spend your whole life indoors. This lack of exercise can lead to obesity. Furthermore, living this secluded lifestyle can cut off contact with friends and family. In order to use computers wisely, we must learn how to balance computer time with an active lifestyle. The problem is, not many people do it. Also, it is well known that too much internet access can give birth to a second life. With sites like @CAPS1, @CAPS2, and @CAPS3, you can have a completely different online life and friends you've never met. Sometimes people even think their online lives are better and get sucked into it. Take @CAPS4 from @CAPS5 for example. It's very popular, but also very addictive. Some people play until their whole life. Same as @CAPS6 from @CAPS7. This obsession with online gaming or @CAPS8 is not what the internet is for. Also, people's lives and reputations have been destroyed by computers. Cyberbullying is spreading like wildfire. It is anonymous and may harm the lives of others. Internet videos of people acting like idiots will never go away. There is a video of a college student playing with a golf course retriever like asword called @CAPS9 Kid. This video has been viewed over @NUM1 million times. The man in the video was teased for years, sued the person who put the tape online, and was forced into depression. Moving on, people can also take their lives with computers. Identity and credit card theft is becoming more common. Even my dad's credit card account was stolen last year. Computers have to help, but they can do more damage. In conclusion, computers are bad for society. Can hurt people, lead to addiction, and isolate your life. Of course, this is not a reason to help society. It is indeed a good thing to use.
Dear @CAPS1: Have you ever received a photo of a @NUM1 year old with no clothes on? Well, if you have this is called sexting. It can be placed on a computer or any type of device. People should stop using computers more because it can lead to bad things like teen texting, which is bad for younger kids, and teens may talk to people they don't know. Lexi @NUM1 said, "She got Facebook text messages from other teens on her phone, that's an excuse". @PERCENT1 in the @LOCATION1 population has @CAPS2, @CAPS3 and @CAPS4 chats. Any of these sites can forward photos to their mobile device. This has gotten out of hand, and what's on the computer now will be there forever. More @NUM kids under 3 know on the computer. There are chat rooms where you can interact with others. For example, @PERSON1 is a kids game with chat interaction, who you can talk to. However, we created this @PERSON1, your child must give parents an email address if they must read the terms below to choose for their child. However, most parents don't even read it. @PERCENT2 These parents just agree to the terms without even reading them. @PERSON2 when a man about @NUM4 and about @NUM5 said "@PERSON2 come get some candy" after coming home from football practice @PERSON2 said "how did you know my name?" @CAPS5 said 'Cause I've been playing with you" @PERSON2 ran home quickly, @CAPS5 told his parents. @PERSON2 played another game on @CAPS6 and told this stranger that @CAPS5 lives in @LOCATION2 realm, @CAPS5 goes to @LOCATION2 @CAPS7. Strangers your info, they can track you and find the street you live in. We need to keep our kids safe, away from computers, texting more, keep younger kids away, so kidnappings stop. Help@ LOCATION1, @CAPS8 became a safe place for our children.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1, do you know how long you have been using your computer? Well, get up and go for a walk. That's one of the reasons I think people spend a lot of time on it, my other reason is that your eyes can go bad. It's a nice sunny day, don't waste your time on the computer! go out! All, the kids of @CAPS1 sit in front of the computer all day without exercising. Did you know that @NUM1 of the @NUM2 kids who sit at the computer all day get at least @NUM3? @PERSON1 tell me. I mean I trust him because real kids don't get up. Miss a good day, do you want to miss a good sunny day? My last reason is that the child's eyesight will deteriorate. I mean keep them staring at the screen all day, that sucks. @PERSON1 told me that if you use your computer for @NUM4 hours straight, your eyes will get worse. I remember when I was on the computer for @NUM4 1/@NUM4 hours my eyes were killing me with the blink of an eye. I know computer games and chatting with friends are fun, but you should take a break, @CAPS1 something. Anyway, just go out and have fun! @CAPS1 Do you want to waste a sunny day by hurting your eyes by staying in the door? I know I @CAPS1!
Dear local newspaper, have you ever traveled somewhere, took a picture and posted it on your computer? If you have, you will remember where you have been. But at least you went to @ORGANIZATION1, @LOCATION1 or somewhere else. Some people face the computer all day. Instead of experiencing nature and accepting what the @CAPS1 life brings to them, they are on Facebook or youtube all day. It disgusts me because there are so many fun, beautiful and interesting things to do. In @CAPS2's opinion, I think computers have a negative impact on people. People miss out on opportunities to enjoy nature or interact with friends and family. Some people stop exercising and it hurts to see fat people just sitting there and doing nothing about life there. First I want to talk about obesity. Did you know that @PERCENT1 kids are obese at a young age? Computers replace exercise for young boys or girls. They should go out and play sports like basketball or football. Another thing is those gaming sites. Children are so addicted to computer games that everything around them disappears. All they worry about is winning the game. While playing this game, they may eat Doritos. Sooner or later you will gain five pounds. Then they will regret not exercising, unable to move. Later in life, when things go against them, they realize how many wonderful things they've missed. Then they'll say "@CAPS1 what did I do to @CAPS2's life?" @CAPS2 The next point is that people are not enjoying nature. Have you ever had a nice walk in the park? I know I have. Well, people sit inside all day just peeking out the window, but don't think about going outside. Nature is beautiful, smells good, and sometimes even refreshing. but not. People sit there all day. Nothing works on the computer. Why can't they go out for a walk or jog? One can see animals such as squirrels climbing the trees. So cute. But instead, they play a virtual game where you shoot squirrels with a paintball gun. A lot is missed because of the computer. Although not enjoying nature upsets me, some people just brag about their family members just to watch replays on youtube. @CAPS1 Are we here yet? Some kids hit their parents because they turned off the computer. I'd rather have a meal with the @CAPS2 family and then sit back, relax and chat. Still others couldn't sleep because they were "doing something important" and missed family trips or even school. In conclusion, I think computers are bad because of obesity, lack of nature, and dislike of the company of family and friends.
Dear local paper, experts shouldn't worry about other people staying on the computer for a while. Maybe people know what they're doing and have to stay on the computer for long periods of time. They may also enjoy learning things they never thought they would learn. Most people try not to be overweight. Experts should not try to reduce the number of people using computers. One reason is that people can chat with each other. It can be friends, family, etc. About @PERCENT1 are chatting online with family or friends. Chat can also help you if there is an emergency. You can tell someone what happened and call the police. There is no doubt that chatting online is a great way to use your computer while you are using it. Another reason is that you can search for anything you need to know. Maybe if you have to search something for school, the computer can help you. This can have a positive impact on people. It can make someone a better person. You can't agree that searching for anything is a great way to use your computer for a while. The third reason is that it can teach you hand-eye coordination, giving people the ability to understand distant places and people. Learn things you never dreamed of learning. There are so many people and places in the world that you need to know about. Is it surprising to you that almost everyone and any famous place is on the internet? Using a computer this way is another brilliant idea. These are all great ways to use your computer. Holding on for a while is not a waste of time. People can spend their time wisely on the computer. Surprisingly, all the reasons are good on the computer for now. So you should try to minimize how often people use computers.
Dear local paper, have you ever been late to a party only to find yourself without directions to the other person's house? Have you ever had to write a paper without any books or encyclopedias available? Or have you ever just wanted to catch up with an old friend? @CAPS1 You answered yes to at least one of these questions, there's a good chance you've used a computer in your lifetime. Computers have positives because they give you fast and reliable @CAPS2, and they're fun too. First, let's go back to the example from the previous paragraph. Have you ever been late to a party and realized you didn't have directions to the other person's house? @CAPS1 You have, in this case you can do two things. You can call someone you may not want to answer because they are having fun @CAPS4 at the party, or you can enter that person's address on your computer and you'll get your directions in seconds. Call me crazy, but this way seems to be faster, more efficient and more reliable. My mom always says to me, "@CAPS1 you're @CAPS4 hard to find @CAPS2, go to the computer," because she knows there are all @CAPS2 in @CAPS3 books, etc. With just one click, @CAPS4 sells and the computer has a positive effect on you because it gives you fast and reliable @CAPS2 Plus, the computer has a positive effect on you when you're trying to have fun. For example, @CAPS5. @CAPS5 is used by teens and adults alike, and for just one reason, to socialize with friends over a computer. @CAPS1 you go on another date and wait to see how your last friend is doing the best thing to do is go on @CAPS5 and ask a @ORGANIZATION1 to show that in a family of five, four of them use @CAPS3 to communicate and communicate with Friendship. Clearly, this is how computers have a positive impact. In short, whether you're bored at home and it's raining, or @CAPS1 you have to read a research paper you saved to the last minute, a computer will serve you. The positive effects of computers are that they are fast, reliable, and fun to use.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 has been a debate about whether computers have a positive impact on people. Some believe that computers have negative effects on people, such as spending too much time, not exercising, and not interacting with family and friends. However, I believe that computers have a positive impact on people because it can teach hand-eye coordination, let people know far away places, and let people talk online. All in all, computers have a positive impact on people. Did you know that hand-eye coordination can sometimes help? Well it's true because if you're having a hard time and your phone is broken and you don't have one then send an emergency email to one of your friends telling them to call everyone and since you have hand eye coordination ability, so you can type without looking down. Also, if you're in college and have an important paper due tomorrow, hand-eye coordination can really help you jot down notes without having to look back at the writing paper. Finally, with hand-eye coordination, it can help you join the army because if you spot a threat, you can quickly aim and shoot without having to take out your gun after the threat has attacked. All in all, computers teach hand-eye coordination. Have you ever wanted to go to a fake place? With a computer you can do that, you can search this place and see what's in this place. Fethermore, if you want to learn to speak a foreign language, all you have to do is type in the language with the question and search for it, babies can do that easily. Finally, if you want to learn how to cook, enter a food type or its name and search. All in all, computers let people know where fakes are. Do you ever feel like you want to talk to someone? I know I have that's why computers can help you talk to people online, just tree the person's email address and type a message. Plus, you don't have to waste money on paper and envelopes. Lastly, having an email is free so you can say whatever you want. All in all, computers help people converse online. In conclusion, computers have a positive impact on people. It can help them with hand-eye coordination, learn new places and let them talk.
Computers are used around the world every day, and most of the time @CAPS2 is used for good reason. Computers help @CAPS2 get all the information you want, like travel. @CAPS1 you want to go to a closed but upscale restaurant and you @MONTH1 use a computer so you know how far. Computers can also help, allowing @CAPS2 to chat with friends he hasn't seen in years. @CAPS2 is also a great way to meet new people. Assuming you're so stressed at work or school that you forget to read, you can usually take @CAPS2 to your computer and do @CAPS2 there. First, computers help with travel, sightseeing, and more. Don't you want to know everything when you travel? The biggest detail you want to know is cost, and a computer can usually give you a near-accurate price. Now, when you travel the world, this will go a long way. And, when your website sees that you generally want to find the most amazing or romantic places. @CAPS1 You type "most romantic place in somers" @CAPS2 should come up with a bunch of places. So instead of driving for miles just to get a map or brochure, use your computer and print a copy. 2. @CAPS1 I have a friend I haven't seen for many years. If I want to chat, I can go to the computer. Computers are helpful in many ways, @CAPS2 can even tell you the person is alive and you can visit him/her as a surprise. You can even meet new people and chat with them while you're on the computer. Maybe even see them one day. @CAPS1 You get on well with that new friend, and then you and that person might become best friends. So @CAPS1, it's been a while since you've seen or talked to someone you know uses a computer to chat. Third, say your teacher or boss yelled at you today, no one was nice to you all day, and you forgot your workbook or paperwork. did you go? Computer, @CAPS2 can bring most of the paperwork or workbook needed to get the job done. @CAPS1 You forgot your workbook and you don't want to get a falling grade. on this assignment. So you go from there to your computer. @CAPS1 you forgot your paperwork, @CAPS1 you will be fired for not finishing this project tonight, you can stay on the computer, get a job and finish @CAPS2. Also keep your job. That's why computers can help so much in this life. In the end, this is why you need a computer in this life. They helped us with our holiday travel. They helped talk to old friends we never met. They also help you with school and work. At least @PERCENT1 in our population use computers every day, without them our society would crumble / @DATE1. So think about the decisions you are making, @CAPS1 @CAPS2 will benefit our society or bring our society @DATE1 to its knees.
Dear newspaper @CAPS1, I firmly believe that computers are good for today's society. Computers not only help us connect with people, but also consider their efficiency. You can't ignore the fact that computers provide rich entertainment. So before you say "computers are destroying our society", read my reasons why computers are essential. What is the first thing that comes to mind when I hear "computer". A lot of people will think of chat rooms and @CAPS2. Here are two examples of how computers can bring people together. Imagine you're doing a report on @LOCATION1's life. However, you can only find those generic articles from older books. A simple solution is to chat online with real people who live in @LOCATION1. Computers can even help connect family members who are far apart. I know I'd be ecstatic if an aunt or uncle reached out to me via "@CAPS3" or email. In addition to connecting with people, computers are very efficient. Homework is taken seriously as students mature. For example, a friend of mine handed in a paper and our teacher didn't accept it. Her handwriting is illegible. Typing assignments are an easy alternative to messy, easy work. The efficiency of computers is also recognized when trying to accomplish seemingly simple tasks. Imagine how long you would be lost without your directions. Or how much you screw up if you don't print dinner recipes. Most importantly, computers are virtual portals to all kinds of entertainment. Whether you enjoy playing computer games or buying the best deal is your game; the computer will be for you. have. Thousands of websites are available to visit, and many more games are waiting to be played. A computer is anyone's passport to leisure and enjoyment. So you make a choice. Will computers benefit society or have disastrous consequences. I urge you to remember; computers are a way of connecting with people, and they are very efficient. Most importantly, remember how much you can achieve with a computer.
Dear @LOCATION1, @CAPS1 Your computer ever crashed, do you need a demo? Well, if so, that means you probably have to do the presentation on paper the old-fashioned way. Recently, there was a debate about computers among @CAPS1 experts. Some people think they make your life more productive, while others think they make you spend too much time with them instead of being outdoors. I believe that computers have made our lives easier and the advancement of technology has had a positive impact on people. I think it's because it teaches you skills and updates your information. All over the world, it works efficiently and helps the environment, and finally, it keeps people connected. Computers have a positive effect on people because it keeps families connected. Email is an example. You are not mailing the letter, you are sending it electronically. The person receives it faster and can answer in a more timely manner. Additionally, social networking sites help families stay connected. Facebook is an example. You can use Facebook Chat to see what the person is up to and chat with them. I am related to this. My cousin lives at @LOCATION2 so I rarely see him. Through facebook, we can talk to each other and update our lives. Finally, you can see photos of your family. Many families have accounts on photo-sharing sites. This enables them to view pictures or recent holidays or sporting events. They can comment and every family member can see how everyone looks/changes throughout the year. This is how computers keep people connected. Another reason computers have a positive impact on people is because it teaches you skills and updates your information. Computers teach you hand-eye coordination. When you type on a keyboard, you have to know where each letter is. This allows viewing the screen to identify my mistakes. Hand-eye coordination is a good skill that everyone knows. Your computer updates world news for you. Many homepages on the Internet have news engines built into them. These news engines keep people informed about major news events. For example, the war in @LOCATION5, or the recent earthquake in @LOCATION3 and @LOCATION4. Without the internet, we would be very behind important news updates around the world. The last reason computers have a positive impact on people is because they are efficient at work, and they help the environment. Computers help the environment because you don't use much paper. Throughout the year, @CAPS2 uses billions of sheets of paper to write letters. As the number of computers dropped to thousands. Why are you @MONTH1 asking? Email does not require paper. They are electronic, which means no paper. They are also environmentally friendly because newsprint companies are going out of business. Due to the growing popularity of online newspaper news. Computers are great for work because it's easy to give presentations. There are so many programs to use that it can take several minutes to create a large presentation. That's why computers make work easier but also help the environment. As you can see, computers have many positive effects on people. They keep families connected, they teach you skills, and they work efficiently while being eco-friendly. This is why I believe that computers have a positive impact on people. Let me ask you this question again. @CAPS1 Has your computer ever crashed when you needed to do a big project? Now you know that computers make life more efficient. What would you do without them? So now it's your turn, go out and buy a computer because you'll appreciate what you do.
I saw in a news paper I got in the mail that people were speaking out about children's computer usage overnight. I accepted the idea of waiting for this letter. Multiple people do have to use computers for multiple things. Such as: homework such as composition, sometimes people's family is away from home but can't use mobile phones, and online job search. First of all, kids have homework, right? Most of the time, one has to write a dissertation. I asked my mom many times if I could write a paper for school and she said, "Why don't you stay and do it?" @CAPS1 has lives so they can't stay, and at school, computers won't let you Go to most websites, not like at home. This is mainly one of the main reasons why kids use computers so often. Next, some family members went to war. Usually for security and privacy, they don't let soldiers play with their phones, but they can use their computers for other reasons. Often, your family knows you have a computer and wants to contact you so they know what's going on so they don't have to have two years. So the bases they are good at can talk to them via video mail. I have a @CAPS2 that went to @ORGANIZATION1 and is now @LOCATION2 and when he is at @LOCATION1 we sometimes talk to him over chat. Lastly is the job application. Most of the time, people stay at home but need a job. Plenty of @CAPS3 commercials showcasing online job ads. This is good for all types of people, home people, the elderly, etc. But mostly because they sometimes let you own your own business and you can still get paid handsomely. All in all, some people don't just go online for the sake of it, they're actually doing things like talking to loved ones they haven't seen in a while, and school assignments. Also, if people don't know people well, how do they know if they're active? Kids and adults should still be able to use the computer when they want.
Dear Editor, @CAPS1's name is @PERSON1 and I believe that computers are good for the world and good for humanity. I say this because a lot of people can talk to friends and family from a distance. Computers can also teach you a lot. Finally, it makes you more social. In @CAPS1, there is a strong belief that computers are better for the world. First, many people can make long-distance calls with friends' family members. You have webcams that allow you to chat and see this person. @CAPS2 is also another site where you can talk to your friends and then you can have a lot of photos and put your own photos or even videos even if you can talk on the phone and do all those things but on the phone it takes Money to buy a plan. It's completely free when you use your computer. Second, the computer will teach you something that will help you later in life, and it will also let you know something. Computer people make programs that make computers cooler. These programs teach you how to type, it's called learning to type or typing for fun. They also have programs that let you know how to read. It's great for kids because they need to know about these things in any way. Finally, computers make you more social. That's because you have @CAPS2, which can keep you informed about what's going on in or out of school. You can chat with people on @CAPS2 or email each other and chat with them. You can also meet new people from other places and build good relationships with them. You have friends, you know who they are, you don't need to figure it out. So, that's why I believe it's a good idea to have a computer, and it's good. You can talk to people from a distance. A computer will teach you something for a lifetime. Finally, it makes you more social with people. So @CAPS1 strongly believes that owning a computer is a good idea.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, I think computers are good for society because you can read the news online, email your friends and family, and play games and watch videos or movies. It's important to stay up to date with the latest news, newspapers are ok, but you have to pay through online newspapers to get the latest news for free! This way you save money and trees. Here's another way to save trees. Email is a great way to talk, so it can be done from a distance, and it's much faster than plain old mail. Email is also great for emailing links to cool websites where you can send funny pictures or videos or important announcements. So a computer can be your newspaper and a good and fast way of communicating. It can also be used for entertainment. Computers are one of the most popular sources of entertainment. Your computer allows you to visit gaming websites, watch videos or movies, or play online games in regular @CAPS1 games. I know I turn on my computer whenever I'm bored, and I can always find something to wear online or find a movie to watch. Therefore, computers are very popular, and in many fields, computers are helpful in news, communication and entertainment. People just have to look at the positive aspects of computers and they'll see how awesome they are
@CAPS1 Judgment comes from experience, and experience comes from misjudgment, from my uncle's father. Computers haven't been around that long for the public, so the public has little experience. As a result, the public also lacks @CAPS1's judgment when using computers, and the adverse effects begin to manifest. Computers hurt people! First of all, computers can be a @CAPS2 problem for people. In @LOCATION1's study, @NUM1 of @NUM2 @CAPS3 spent time (@NUM3 or more hours) wearing glasses. The screen has an effect on your eyes due to @CAPS2 ill effects. Also, computer games are addictive, which leads @CAPS3 to sit in front of the computer instead of exercising. This @MONTH1 is one of the biggest reasons why @LOCATION2 is obese! My little brother used to be addicted to flying games, sat in front of it for hours every day and started to gain weight. Once he stopped playing it and got out more, he immediately started losing weight. Therefore, people need to move around more instead of sitting in front of the computer. Moving on, my second argument is about the harmful effects of computers on the environment. First, computers need electricity to run. Electricity comes from a power plant. More than @PERCENT1 of @LOCATION2's power plants are coal, oil or gas based. When people turn on their computers because they are bored, it wastes electricity that is not needed. Furthermore, scientists suspect that humans are now the main cause of global warming. It is common sense that these power plants burn their respective fuels to generate electricity. In other words, there is a link between computers and global warming. Additionally, power plants release pollutants into the air, which can eventually lead to acid rain. Finally, my last argument is about human skills. In a school survey, @CAPS3 who use their computer for more than @NUM4 hours a day don't know how to cook or even light a match! There is a clear connection between the two, as most people just pop something into the microwave and eat it to be able to get back to the computer as quickly as possible. Matches are lit by parents to light a fire or candle, but what happens when a natural disaster like @LOCATION3 or @LOCATION4 happens? How will @CAPS3 fend for itself? The only way to cook is with fire. There will be no microwaves to cook canned food. Also, how does @CAPS3 light a match without @CAPS4? Obviously, excessive computer use can have very detrimental effects in natural disasters, even for adults, so we need to stop it! Would you like to think of @LOCATION2 as @CAPS5 and @CAPS6? Will the environment, our only home, suffer from a few boring people? How will we respond to major natural disasters? In conclusion, people spend so much time on the computer that they need to stop! People are becoming @CAPS6, @CAPS7 environments and losing important life skills. We need to pull together to keep people healthy, maintain our life skills, but most importantly save our only beautiful @LOCATION5.
Dear @PERSON1, @CAPS1 is telling kids to go outside and not be vegan at the computer these days. Computers can only foster bad habits. I try not to use the computer unless I have too much time for school or homework. Please consider the negative effects of exercising in appropriate content and reduced interaction with friends/family. Yes, the internet can be used to find diet and exercise plans, but if you just hit the gym and burn those pounds, everything will be fine! The internet and computers are designed to suck into your brain and attack all the websites and neat little things you visit. Going to your local @ORGANIZATION2 or @ORGANIZATION1 to exercise will be more effective. I'm on the swim team for @ORGANIZATION2. I prefer swimming to playing on the computer. Meets my personal exercise needs. I lost @NUM1 lbs in just one month of swimming. I would run on the treadmill to help me get rid of stress or anger. Gyms are so much better than computers. I know most of us have seen something inappropriate on our computer. Yes, computers give people jobs, but there's no need to post pictures or messages that hurt people's feelings. I know I saw a very mean comment the other day that made me feel bad for the victim. I know youtube is trying to block inappropriate content, so cheers for them. Once you give something to the internet, it's lost forever. Yes, computers have a way to keep in touch with friends, but better @CAPS3 or visit in person. As my @CAPS2 keeps saying, "@CAPS3 is more, it builds character!" @CAPS4 I have the opportunity to @CAPS3 my best buddy instead of using a computer. Kids can be mean these days without trying. You have severed ties with your family. Because computers attract users, sometimes you don't pay attention to other people around you. The kids of @PERCENT1 are not doing their homework because of the computer. thank you for your time. I think computers are terrible and everyone would be happy without them. They help obesity levels across the country, allow cyberbullying and inappropriate content to spread across the internet, and finally cut you off from the world. (@CAPS5.S Someday computers will take over the world and you will regret not listening to me.)
Dear @CAPS1 paper, @CAPS2's name is @PERSON1, I am writing this letter about computer problems. @CAPS2 takes the opposite view on this topic. People in @MONTH1 spend more time on the computer than exercising, but they can still socialize in chat rooms. People can use laptops outdoors. You can spread your imagination with games you can play. Let's get to @CAPS2 #1, social. Experts say people spend less time with friends and family than on their computers. They @MONTH1 physically spend less time with friends and family, but who's to say no social. There are facebook, @CAPS3 and chat rooms. There you can talk to your friends so they can socialize. Not physically, but verbally. On @CAPS2 Next topic, experts say they don't like the outdoors, but here's something looking. Half amarica will be as relaxing as possible if not enjoyed outdoors. Then there are laptops. You can use ideas outdoors. Laptop owners can relax outside with some fruit on a sunny day. You can stay outside until the battery runs out. Then just grab the plug and relax easily. Computers also help with your imagination. Some computer games help expand your imagination, because when you play, you think of things that can make the game better. Simulators can help you design and even control things. Some games allow you to design and play characters you create. They can help you with work you might be interested in. For me, computer games extend @CAPS2 drawing. All this can be reversed. No robot will repeat what they do over and over. Humans have the ability to step away from the computer, go out or socialize. As I just demonstrated, you can do everything physically on a computer.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, computers do have a positive impact on people and they teach us. So I think computers are very important and people need them in their lives. We know about the world and what's going on. It also helps us communicate with friends and family. Finally, it helps us gather information for homework and projects. First, when we are on the computer, it tells us about the world and different countries. Computers tell us what the war is like and what the president is doing. Computers also provide us with information about local news, such as weather, traffic reports, and whether crime has occurred. We can also learn about the stock market, which is very important to many people. Second, computers provide the ability to converse with friends and family. AIM, @CAPS3, and @CAPS4 are all different ways of interacting with each other. Also, if we don't turn in anything at school, we can always email our teachers the information they may need by a certain date, and if a student forgets what the assignment is, we can ask on the computer. Many people find old friends they haven't seen in years, how to see them and their families again, and knowing that their old friends are happy can make someone happy. Finally, if a student has a project or homework and they need information on the computer, it's always helpful. Computers have a lot of information about people, places, things, and anything you want to know. The computer will answer your @MONTH1 questions. You can get pictures and information about what you're looking for. It also gives you the locations and dates of different events that happened in what you're looking for. Computers are very useful in student education. In conclusion, computers are a very important part of everyone's life. Find out what's going on in the world, talk to friends or family, and help with your studies. Even when people are not exercising, they are adding to their education by finding information. You can still enjoy nature, but not as much as usual; you can still communicate with family and friends on your computer. The computer is one of the greatest inventions and has really had a positive impact on humanity.
Dear newspaper people, @CAPS1! Isn't the computer just bloated? I mean why can't they come to learn about you first, second you can play a lot of fun games and last but not least we can talk to our friends. Well, I hope you enjoyed my article on the world of computing. Do you have difficulty finding anything in freedom? Well, forget your liberty card, just get into your computer's @CAPS2. There you can find what you want. Once I was working on a project with my favorite rock band @ORGANIZATION1, so my mom asked me to check out liby to find a book about him, but I couldn't find it. So instead, I just hopped on my computer, but didn't really hop on @CAPS4, but I went on @CAPS2 anyway, and guess what! I found out everything I needed to know about him that got me so invested in my project. I mean, you can learn more from a computer, like what's going on in the world around us, or even the small world around us, even from small insects to large plants. This is what I got using @CAPS2 to gain knowledge. Welcome back! So now I'm going to tell you some games you can play on your computer. I'm going to tell you the game is my favorite game, @CAPS4 is called left @NUM1 dead @NUM2; @CAPS5 you never played a game you probably liked, this game sounds really hard and scary @ CAPS4. I'm just kidding @CAPS4 might be hard and a little scary at first, but @CAPS4 is still fun. Another game I like to play is an online game called "@PERSON1" which is fun and all but @CAPS4 take a while to finish and kill the fun stuff. For example, I am lvl. @NUM3 mage, I can participate in lvl. @NUM4 @CAPS7 Because I can use advanced spells. But anyway, there is a lot to do on a computer. Like me, you can kill zombie hares or just do a quest or two, who cares @CAPS4 has fun in your hands. Now the last thing I'm going to tell you is how to talk to your friends via @CAPS2. Like me, I moved so I couldn't hang out with my friends, so I got to @CAPS9-mail so now I can talk on the webcam and see my friends. Another great reason to be able to use @CAPS10 or a computer is so you can talk to family members who join @ORGANIZATION2. My uncle joined @ORGANIZATION2 and he will be leaving soon so I would love to see him so I will see him on the webcam or can chat with him. That's me why @CAPS4 is a good reason to own a computer . One you can use @CAPS4 to learn, two are some hard games, and three are just chatting with friends. Thank you and have a nice day.
I agree with the newspaper that people spend too much time on the computer instead of exercising. Everyone knows computer addiction. But people need to get out more. But people make it more addictive by creating things like never-ending games and their distractions from people's lives, families, jobs, and exercise.
Dear local paper: @CAPS1, do you think computers are good for everyone? I think the computer is one of the greatest inventions of all time. What's really great about them is that you can learn a lot from computers. You can learn hand-eye coordination, see faraway places, and talk to people online. Of course, read on to learn why computers are so important to us all. Many people think that computers are bad for our brains, but it's not. On a computer, you can learn hand-eye coordination. After a while, you can type quickly and quickly and improve your eyesight by reading your writing or essay notes. Finally, you can even have fun, relax and enter your paper for a report. Of course, read on to find out which computers can also @CAPS1. They are a lot of far away places with their own special way of showing you the good times. On the Internet, there is a list of resorts or places that grab your attention. They will tell you why you should visit it and a fair price. Think about it, wouldn't it be cool to have a nice place like @LOCATION1. Without a doubt, keep reading. Have you ever thought about playing outside, but it's raining, or your friends aren't around. Well, on a computer, you can chat with your friends online. You can see what they are doing or what they are doing and still have fun. Not to mention, you can even make new friends. Many children and teens go online to make new friends. Of course, you should agree that computers are great. I think computers are very unique and important. This is why so many children to adults use computers so much. They use it to learn hand-eye coordination, understand distant places, and talk to others online. Thank you for reading my newspaper local paper.
Dear local newspaper @CAPS1, @CAPS2 Our technology has advanced, so has life. Computers are a perfect way to improve our way of life in a way that benefits us and future generations. Computer use, and @CAPS5 let's see how other places live, talk to people from afar, and express ourselves on @LOCATION4. Computers give us a bright future. First a lot of people, actually @PERCENT1's world population is usually fixed and lined up in a local town or urban environment. That's what makes computers so useful, because they give @CAPS2 a way to study the rest of the world. @CAPS3 can spark interest in other cultures and shape our perspectives @CAPS2 @CAPS3 discover things elsewhere. From there, @CAPS3 can look at different topics from a broad perspective. Doing so @CAPS3 will connect to other lifestyles. @CAPS2 Philosopher and Poet @PERSON1 states "@CAPS3 learns about itself by discovering others." @CAPS4, @CAPS5 Another particularly handy feature via computer is that @CAPS3 can communicate with people who live far away, while @CAPS3 Inaccessible. @LOCATION2 research shows that @PERCENT2 actually uses a computer to communicate with sites like facebook or @CAPS9. @PERSON3, a scientist at @LOCATION3, said @CAPS3 @CAPS2 Humans tend to enjoy communication because it gives @CAPS2 a sense of solidarity. That's why so many companies realize the growing popularity of sites like @ORGANIZATION2, @CAPS6 and @ORGANIZATION1. "It's true. @CAPS7, it's a joy to talk to or email people. Without computers, it's impossible. Finally, computers give us the opportunity to express ourselves in ways we never had before Not only are stars made in @LOCATION1 now, but now you can make a name for yourself on @CAPS8 or @CAPS9. Just ask @PERSON2, whose voice grabs the attention of major labels as soon as it reaches out Now, everyone knows his name and listens to his music. Like @PERSON2, the more wordy can blog to express their opinions. "About half of all computer use," @CAPS1 says to Computer Weekly, @PERSON4 ," is using blogs and videos to express himself. "@CAPS3 can convince others that @CAPS2 @CAPS3 will do and discover what @CAPS3 discovers. Self-expression is for society, which is why computers have such a big impact on people. @CAPS2 It 's clear that computers are for people and people Society has a positive impact. They allow us to learn about distant places, connect with others, and inspire the world around us with our ideas. Welcome to the future.
Dear @LOCATION2 folks, @CAPS1, how many hours do you spend each day doing activities? Now to answer my question, @CAPS1 Do you spend a lot of time on your computer? For many @CAPS2s today, they sit in front of computers, laptops, other devices and not enough people tie their shoelaces for a jog. Computers are destroying us, hindering our social skills, damaging our health, and making us lazy. They are not good for our society. First, millions of people signed up to @CAPS3, @CAPS4 and other similar sites to reconnect with people. Do you understand what this means? Now no one has to get in the car to visit anyone else. There is no longer a need to interact with other life forms and no will. Suppose there is a woman sitting on her couch. Suddenly thinking of her friend @PERSON1 makes her face light up. She got up to start the car, but his eyes fell on the computer. She bit her lip, trying to decide whether to see her or chat online. Feeling lazy, she sat down. Do you really want this to happen to everyone? It's too late. Moving on, I want to take a moment to talk about our health. Most of us know that fresh air is good for us. Imagine you are following a trail through the woods. Fresh, cool air makes your skin itchy, and breathing it just makes you smile. Hiking energizes your entire body. With days like this, you can' @CAPS7 wait. Now imagine you're sitting in front of your computer in a hot and stuffy room. You will feel pain in this position for so long. Also, you think you have a cold and have a migraine. You will get off, but you have another application request. You @CAPS6' @CAPS7 want to go back to reality, which one do you prefer? Beyond that, there are sports to worry about. I mean, when was the last time you rode a bike yourself? I'm sure you know that if you exercise it's good for your body, but you'll be busy with the computer. I think it's safe to say that half of @LOCATION1 would rather update their @CAPS4 than get up and move. Staying active is vital to our health. All in all, many of us are thinking about whether to spend more time on the computer. Well, here's your answer, "@CAPS6' @CAPS7." Not enough people are interacting with every day now, the best years of their lives are being crammed into the house, and most importantly, let's face it , they got fat. Computers are taking over our lives, now or never for a better, more satisfying way of life. Please @LOCATION1, shut down your computer.
Dear @CAPS1: The impact of the computer on me is that it taught me hand-eye coordination. I learn things from the computer, it's a fun thing. However, I mean these are just my opinions. Well, I will continue to explain to you. The good thing about a computer is that it can help you see things better with your eyes by teaching you hand-eye coordination. It also helps your hands by letting you learn how to grab things and how to react quickly with your hands. For example, I'm playing baseball and I can't catch the ball very well, and I'm still learning how to use a computer because I'm able to type fast, and when I get grounder and pop fly hits me, my hands do react. So I'm glad I learned how to use a computer and type. But for sure, computers are the best because you can study something and you will discover more important facts. You also learn more when you study anything. I'll tell you one thing though, I absolutely love this computer because it helps me find important details and facts about the people I'm working on on my projects. Yes, I know computers are fun because you can access different websites like myspace.com, youtube.com, and funyjunk.com. I talk to my friends and meet new people on mspace, that's why I love myspace. I meet new people and make new friends. I'm on youtube because I love listening to music, I watch their music videos, and I watch skateboarding videos because I love skateboarding! But one thing is for sure, I will play games on funyjunk.com because they have a lot of fun games for you to play. But my favorite game is @CAPS2 Hedgehog. In conclusion, these are @NUM1 opinions and @NUM1 reasons to support the impact on computers. So I want you to think about some of the implications for computers and what you think about computers and compare them to mine? But hey! It's up to you only if you want to.
Do you find computers useful? Well, you should because, they are the most helpful complete ones on the market, @CAPS8 family members also live far away, you can IM, Facebook them and even send @CAPS1 with them. For teens or kids, the main thing is to easily enjoy the fact that you can watch your favorite shows or even play free games with the click of a mouse. The computer is a very helpful whole object. @CAPS4, your handwriting is bad, you should go and tip your computer @CAPS8, your teacher will think you spent the whole night. Do @CAPS8 when @CAPS8 is easy and you'll get better grades too. @CAPS4 A big family trip is coming and you can go online and get a trip easier than yours for a fraction of the price. You can also shop @CAPS4 on @PERSON1's birthday and you can get a gift @PERCENT1 @CAPS2 for a very low price! ! ! @CAPS4 Your family lives far away and you don't see them much, the internet is where the gp is, you can talk to them with instant messgr or you can be on facebook. You can @CAPS3 or you can talk to them, you can see them on your screen, they can see you on their screen, @CAPS8 like they are at home with you, @CAPS4 you can send Give them vacation @CAPS3 and the map is your info on plases. Enjoying the spirit is a favorite of teenagers. @CAPS4 your favorite show, you can get o @CAPS6 and watch it for free! ! ! Youtube is where you can watch funny, exciting or @CAPS9 ordinary gross. @CAPS4 People like @PERSON2 @CAPS9 did an asom trick, you looked @CAPS8 to @CAPS8. There are two gaming techniques you can play on the internet like addicting games com or play online @NUM1, @CAPS7 with friends. Know you know why the internet is great @CAPS8 have games close to your family and even @CAPS9 get help. So lets say you think the internet is good, it's your decision.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 @PERCENT1 uses the computer for at least five hours a day in town. People spend too much time without benefiting. Computers have an impact on people, but in a negative way. People are addicted and distracted, unable to get work done. A lot of inappropriate stuff is written in computers that children and adults shouldn't read. Finally, people staring at computer screens all day can cause brain damage. The influence from the computer can be very negative and not beneficial at all. With kids at school and adults at work, there is likely to be a lot of work to do, but computers should make it impossible for one person to get the job done. In class the other day the teacher was collecting homework, but @NUM1 of the @NUM2 kids in our class had no homework. When the teacher asked the children why they didn't do their homework, they said they were on the computer and had forgotten their homework. If kids and adults don't do their jobs, grades can drop, or people can be fired. The effect is very detrimental, and it all happens because of computer addiction and distraction. Since some internet sources are very social and not all of them are kind, it is okay to read mean and inappropriate articles and language. A lot of kids don't know a lot of bad talk, and of course no one wants them to be exposed to more learning, so why let them go to the computer and read this bad talk? Adults @MONTH1 know more about harmful language, but why influence them to write bad words or make comments in a mean tone. If adults and children were not exposed to these bad language uses, our world could easily be made up of better, kinder people. Studies have shown that if a person stares at a computer screen for at least three hours a day, the person's brain can be damaged for about two weeks. Computer screens are somehow related to the human brain, and staring at a screen for too long can permanently damage the brain. A @ORGANIZATION1 student who studies computer mechanics is quoted as saying, "@CAPS2 helps prevent brain damage by limiting computer use to what needs to be done. The mechanics of making computer screens are not healthy for you!" Who wants to have Damaged brain? Of course, the impact could be very serious. So, in the end people should know that computers are not helpful. Computers certainly affect people, but not in the way that people want to be affected. Addiction and distraction to computers can cause important work to be neglected. Children and adults do not need to learn on a computer or be influenced by inappropriate language. Brain damage can be a serious problem that can be caused by something as simple as looking at a computer screen. @CAPS2 tries to prevent all these negative effects by limiting the use of the computer. It's easy to avoid any negative effects, but it's your choice whether to do so.
Everywhere you look, people are using computers. Almost everyone has one. Some say computers are bad for you, but they can really benefit society. Computers are used for research, socializing, and almost all of our work at @CAPS1 is done on computers. One of the main things that computers provide is research information. If you want to know anything, you can find it on the Internet. This is an efficient way to study or find school information. Before the internet and computers, it took weeks to find enough information for a dissertation or business work. This is because all the information is found in the book. Books don't always give you the information you need, what is written is what you get. Thanks to search engines and websites, you can type in whatever you want to find. It's much easier to log into a computer and type in a question than to search an entire book for answers. Computers are the best way to research a subject. Computers are also used for socializing. You can chat with almost anyone on the Internet. Socializing is one of the most important parts of life. Science has proven that people who socialize live longer than people who never talk to anyone. The person you're talking to on the phone will only give you the audio, not something. Video chat allows you to show someone a picture or an expression. Computers allow you to see people you wouldn't otherwise see. For example, if you have a relative who lives far away and you can't reach him or her, you can see them on video, and socializing on a computer is the best way to talk to people. Our @CAPS1s run primarily on computers, without them it would be difficult to detect an incoming attack or threat. @CAPS1 uses computers to store legal documents such as court case law. Transferring files digitally is much easier than physically sending paper copies. The store market also runs on the computer. You need them to understand your finances Computers are vital to our @CAPS1 and economy. Although some experts say computers are not good for us, computers are very good for our society. They help us research, socialize, they help our @CAPS1 and economy. Computers are essential to our way of life.
I think computers are great because anyone can use them anytime, or anywhere. The reason I think it's good is because you can always reach out to people you know and talk to them. Another reason is because you can play a game or look for something, or even do research on something you want to know or something you've always been curious about. Computers can also be used for better things like kids at work or school who need to do project reports and need to use it while typing, and also to save things you don't want anyone to use. Computers can sometimes help those who really need it and It does need people to use it, but it can also be a fun activity if someone has nothing to do. I think computers are great because anyone can open their own website and create something. Many people can go online and open an account on a website; for example @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 or @CAPS3 for content with an account. A lot of people use computers in a good way and use them for things they can actually use. So I think computers are very helpful for people who like to find something curious or have to use it for good needs.
Computers have no effect on kids we just like to carry on because we use it to ask for help and that convinces the readers of the local newspaper because we need to be able to communicate and also write essays or do social studies or science homework my thoughts let's go Computers because no interruptions you can leave us alone and let us do what you need to do because the computer gives us information because of what we have to do and what we have to do you can leave us a People stay because not addicted to me or anyone and if we are still it will still cause a computer, a computer, you don't punish it because just punish us from the computer punish us because it causes it Computer glitches it can be the cause of addiction A computer is a device that gives us the information we need and a computer gives us information a computer is an amazing thing
Dear ones, @ORGANIZATION1 focuses on people using computers instead of exercising. It's a really bad thing, and we need to make the word possible if we don't exercise. The first reason I disagree with the fact that computers help people is because computers do affect your health, you get fat, your heart starts to go wrong, and it can lead to deadly things. Another reason I think computers are healthy is because computers have a big impact on the economy in many ways, like computers consume too much electricity, it affects electricity in all states. Computers also ruin jobs, it's very bad for the economy, people get addicted to computers for too long, they don't bother looking for jobs, they just stay on computers to gamble or buy things. The last reason I think computers are bad is some illegal things people do on computers, there are a lot of cyber predators who prey on kids and they end up finding kids and kidnapping them. There are other illegal things like bad websites or pop-ups that can get you arrested, so if kids keep using the computer, they won't know what it means, they'll click on it, and it could hurt kids lifetime. So @NUM1 I hope you will take this letter and take action because these computers will affect my health, your health, and even your children's health. That is why I am writing this letter to you. If you agree with me, I thank you.
Computers can affect the way people live and interact. Why do you need to spend your precious life sitting in front of a computer all day? When you can exercise, like going to your local gym. Computers can distract from your social life, which is why you should use them in an emergency and spend more time with your family and friends. Finally, you can enjoy your surroundings and appreciate life and nature. Computers are designed for business, not for people to sit there and talk nonsense. Exercise is very important to help the body grow and stay healthy. If you sit in front of a computer all day, your body stops functioning and you can't get proper exercise. Exercise is equally enjoyable, helps strengthen the body, and gives you the right amount of movement your body needs. Exercise also builds hand-eye coordination, just like when you're sitting on the couch using a computer. In conclusion, exercising gives you all the same utensils as a computer, but it also benefits citizens more. Families are the good things in life, but they don't live forever. That's why we should cherish every moment with them. a full citizen and drives them away from family and friends. Computers can take away your social life and you'll never go out to meet people and friends. All in all, computers are a treat for citizens and make them drive away family and friends. Nature is exotic and beautiful and all of us should love it and appreciate what we have. Computers can be harmful to nature and destroy animal homes, for example when you print something from a computer it prints on paper. This resulted in more trees being felled and paper cut. We should only use paper in emergencies and not splurge on it. We all want the world to be a better place, so don't destroy it for our own good! All in all, computers are only and will cause chaos and destruction. Instead of using them, we can get the right amount of exercise, spend time with our family, and finally enjoy nature and our surroundings. I feel strongly that you took my thoughts into consideration and would like to agree with them.
@ORGANIZATION1, in my opinion, computers can entertain and educate, but should not replace everyday life. So I think computers can hurt people and affect them in ways they don't realize. The three reasons behind my decision are the difference between reality and fantasy, family and friends, and your health. Many children and young adults tend to assume that everything you see on your computer is real. Well, as some have discovered, it's everything. Addictive gameplay and electronic features make you believe the people you see or @CAPS1 @CAPS2 are real life situations and activities . Computers show kids the wrong frame of mind they need to get into. It affects how schools work and how they behave. They need to keep the right mindset and get back to reality. Your family and friends are always there for you. Stay by your side even in the worst of circumstances. Unfortunately, this reliance on computers is driving you further and further away from them. They are not happy with the way you treat them. They want to change so you can enjoy life again. Interact with people, not some computer pictures of graphic design. That's it anyway, that photo won't show up in front of you. Your family and friends live longer than that. Your body is special and your health matters. A computer @MONTH1 suggests exercising, but you don't actually do it. You know this, and so do the people who make computer websites. You'll be there, burning your eyes from staring at a screen all day. It's not healthy for you or anyone else. Moving your fingers and pressing buttons is not an exercise. You're sitting anyway, so you're not doing anything to help yourself. You need to get outside to breathe the air and blend in with nature. Run around or play the paper money game, but not on the computer. In conclusion, you can see how a computer affects a person. Not only do they mistake fantasy and reality for the same thing, but you lose interaction with friends and loved ones. Your health is also at risk when you spend hours staring and possibly moving only two fingers. Please consider the risks and believe the facts, because honestly, we are losing opportunities to live and enjoy the world.
Hello! My name is @PERSON1 and I think the computer is fine. I think it's because yes, people do play with computers a lot, but they can also learn a lot. Another reason is that some bullying kids can stop bullying and spend time on the computer away from stress. You can also chat with your friends and even video chat with them. Computers can teach you a lot. For example @CAPS1 your computer is broken or has a virus you can figure it out yourself. You can also learn about or read your missing messages. For example, you can also ask questions that you don't understand and people will answer your questions. Find things they don't understand in modern computers for kids, teens and even adults. For example, when I read a book and read a word I didn't know and read around @CAPS1, I still don't know now that I'm going to @LOCATION1 and look up what those words mean. Bullies and other street people who like to have a computer should stay on the computer and you can play games. They can play batting games, shooting games, and even board games. You can even watch @CAPS1 fights you want. What you want, you get it. It's a good thing because then no one gets it and everyone is happy. Bullies can also relax on the computer and stay away from people they hate. The computer allows you to relax because you don't have to be with people and you can tell the computer to do what you want. Children, teens and adults don't have to leave the house to talk to a friend or two. I say this because most computers have a tiny camera that you can communicate with other people. For example, my dad wanted to buy a computer with a tiny camera so he could connect with my mom, my brother, my sister, and me. He had to buy one because it doesn't live with us anymore. He had to leave and go back to @LOCATION2. Another example is @CAPS1 one of your friends moves far, far away and you can talk to them on a tiny camera and even send messages back and forth. So I don't think computers are a bad idea or a bad thing. I say this because you can learn, stay in good shape and communicate.
Dear @LOCATION1 Newspaper, Computer use is a controversial topic. Many people have different opinions and beliefs, but I personally think that computers have a positive impact on the people who use and operate them. These extraordinary devices enable people to talk and socialize with friends and family. They keep people informed about what's going on in the world and provide updates on countries and events. They will also provide information that enables people to research and learn more about a topic or idea. Computers are a necessity in today's society, and opposing it is a motion against it. Many young and old are beginning to use computers to socialize with friends and family through various types of websites and programs. A computer is talking to someone without being there. The social aspect of computers is becoming more and more popular, and many people are using computers to socialize. Social networking sites and instant messengers are just two of the many ways to socialize on your computer. A social networking site acts as a website that allows you to create an account and post pictures and information for your friends to view. Taking away the computer will take away the social life of many people. Computers have benefited many people in society and it has had a positive impact on their lives. Today's news is always full of exciting events and horrific disasters that many like to update. Most people don't like to wait for newspapers to arrive to read the fastest news. So they looked it up online and found it there. Online news is wildly popular and extremely beneficial to many people. It provides them with the latest stories and updated events. During the recent disaster, the earthquake in @LOCATION2, online news was very important. Because online news is so fast and easy to access. One day after the earthquake, people are donating and helping @LOCATION2. Quick response is what helped @LOCATION2 rebuild from the rubble. Computers provide people with online news, which is absolutely beneficial to their lives. Before people started using computers to research topics and ideas, they used books. They will have to flip through piles of pages and articles in newspapers. This is a very inefficient and disorganized way of doing research. Now we have computers. Computers allow you to recall endless information and topics. An article or article with information is impossible because it is always in the same place. This allows for guided and efficient research. There are also some sites on the Internet called online databases. All you have to do is enter a keyword or phrase, and you can instantly research any information you wouldn't provide. All of this takes time to research and put it on anything else you want to do, be it writing a paper or giving a presentation. Computers allow for quick and rewarding research. Computers haven't been around for long, and they're already helping society expand and grow. It provides a social aspect where you can chat with friends and family. You can provide yourself with the latest news and stories, and research is quick and easy. There is no doubt that computers have a positive impact on society and on us human beings. Experts can say what they want, but computers are and always will be for the benefit of society.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS1 @CAPS2, Computers are starting to be a problem for many families. I think too many people are addicted to computers. People like this are more likely to gain weight, have little social time, and spend too much time in it. In the @CAPS6 article I recently read in @ORGANIZATION1, it's about @CAPS6's experiments on computer usage. @CAPS3 professor Dr @PERSON1 said his findings show that people addicted to computers only go out to run errands. When this happens, it interferes with their lives and their bodies because our bodies need sunlight. In addition, his research has shown that people who go out more often and do not use a computer often tend to be happier. The @PERCENT1 patients in the study became happier once they stopped using the computer regularly. I like people around me to be happy, not unhappy, don't I? I have noticed that some of the kids in my school have gained weight. These kids have recently started playing on the computer for hours a day. This is very bad for your health and body. If the food someone eats sitting in front of their computer all day is not eliminated, so it will turn into fat. Also, statistics show that of all the obese people in the weight loss class, @PERCENT2 gained extra pounds from sitting in front of the computer all day. If people treat their bodies in this way, they may end up with some kind of disease. Last week, @CAPS4 @CAPS5 @NUM1 interviewed @PERSON2 at @NUM2. @PERSON2's best friend keeps ignoring @PERSON2 because he has an @ORGANIZATION1 computer. Now, @PERSON2's friends don't want to hang out with @PERSON2 or any of his other friends. Also, when people are addicted to computers, they socialize less with friends and other people (such as parents, teachers, etc.). When people leave social time to computer games, chat rooms or movie sites, they lose most of their lives. This can be stopped if parents put their feet down, set limits and allow children to spend more time outdoors. As you can see, the computer @MONTH1 has some advantages, but also many disadvantages. Addicted computer users became less social, stopped going out, and started "gaining weight." The effect of @CAPS6 is that the world is full of people who sit at the computer all day eating and gaining weight.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, I know that the idea of technological progress benefiting society is a very controversial topic. However, I support these technological advancements and I believe that computers have a positive impact on people. They allow distant friends and family to communicate and stay connected. Computers @CAPS7 provides easy access to news and online textbooks, bringing numerous benefits to today's society. Doing more with computers than on paper will save billions of trees in the long run! @CAPS7, computers teach us hand-eye coordination, which is a very important skill. These technological advancements are extremely beneficial to our society and should be exploited! "@CAPS1, @CAPS1!" @CAPS3 computer whimpered when I got a video call from @CAPS3 cousin @PERSON4. The advantages of technology have provided me and the @CAPS3 family with many new ways of communicating. @CAPS3 Cousins and I rarely see each other, but computers make it possible for us to stay connected. Four in five teens would agree that their long-distance relationships with family and friends would not have been possible without computers or technological advancements. For example; I do a weekly oovoo video chat with my @CAPS3 cousin who I only meet on vacation. Teenagers @CAPS4, @PERSON2 say: "Technology like computers and cell phones are great for teens, but they should be monitored and not overused." Computers are great for staying in touch with family and friends from afar! Second, computers can easily access news and online textbooks. @CAPS5 More people take advantage of this and we can cut down millions of trees and have a healthier environment. Environmentalist @PERSON3 said: "@CAPS5 more schools switch to online textbooks and they end up saving thousands of dollars that could go elsewhere." I agree, @CAPS3 friend @PERSON1 said. "@CAPS5 We don't have to bring so many textbooks home every day, I probably don't have scoliosis!" @CAPS7, computers get news quickly so we can learn about accidents right away instead of waiting for the newspapers to come. @CAPS7, computers help children develop hand-eye coordination, which is a very important skill. Computer activity trains our brains, and @MONTH1 may even help us play more accurately next baseball season! 3 out of 5 kids of @ORGANIZATION2 said @CAPS5 they grew up without a computer and they wouldn't be that good at their sport. Computers are a very useful resource for many things we need to utilize!
Dear Newspaper @CAPS1, @CAPS2 There is no doubt that computers don't @CAPS6 benefit society. First, most people have limited time to do things. Second, if you can' @CAPS6 see them, a lot of friends will be pissed. Last but not least, you have to take care of your health. All in all, it's always a good thing that computers aren't '@CAPS6. In my opinion, time is a big deal. When people are so invested in something, it's hard to back down. It's like smoking. Nicotine attracts you, so once you start, it's hard to quit. Many lazy people like to put things on hold. In other words, you are wasting your time. Time you could spend on homework or even work, you waste. Others know they need to do something but keep putting it off. For example, you need to paint your house or fix your car's motor, but you keep procrastinating. @NUM1 of @NUM2 people do this every day in @LOCATION1. As you all can see, many @CAPS3s don't think too much about time at @CAPS6. The next big topic is @CAPS4. You and I know everyone needs a @CAPS5. When you're not '@CAPS6 interacting with your friends, your friends may not bother trying to talk to you. If you forget them, they may not even come near you. Pets, on the other hand, need you. They usually sleep in the house when they are alone. I'm sure you know that pets need love and you need to play with them. Parents need to be @CAPS2 for their kids. @CAPS6 Did you need help when you were little? I know I did it. This is why parents need to interact frequently. All in all, the more you spend with friends and away from your computer, the better off you will be. This brings us to the next important topic, health. Staying healthy is no joke. If you want to live longer, watch your kids grow up, the healthier you will be. Everyone needs exercise. Exercise helps prevent disease and keeps you in shape. @NUM3 of @NUM1 are overweight. It's like playing a video game on @CAPS6.V when you're sitting in front of your computer scripting a game or sending an email. You know as much as anyone that most video games are not good for you. Last but not least, most people don't eat healthy while playing video games or using a computer. You and I both know that eating healthy and exercising can lead to a happy life. Computers don't benefit society in my opinion @CAPS6. A lot of @CAPS3 don' @CAPS6 realize that timing is a big deal. Second, @CAPS4 that everyone needs is another important thing to look into. Last but not least, everyone around the world needs to stay healthy. For a long happy life. As you can see, many people would be better off without a computer!
Computers are the way of the future. I believe that computers are good for society. I believe this is because computers enable you to talk to family and friends online. It also provides you with thousands of websites to learn valuable information. Finally, it teaches hand-eye coordination. The first computer to let you socialize online. I know @CAPS1 I get home from school and I can talk to almost any friend online. Opponents of computers say it takes up time to interact with family members, however, this is not the case. I talk to all my aunts through facebook and other social networking sites. @CAPS1 My parents also work and they can message me from their computer instead of having to go and get a phone to call my house. The last reason I do this is that it helps me get in touch more easily with my friends, let's say I have a friend over and he's sick. He doesn't have to look for a number and call me, he just sends me an internet message. My second reason is that computers help education. I know @CAPS1 I'm stuck with a problem at home and I go to my computer to find the answer. Also, @CAPS1 I have to do projects, computers are very helpful to me and many other kids, @CAPS1 to do projects, I can't get all the information from one book, so I continue to use computers to find information on topics. This really improves students' grades because they have more resources and more information to choose from than just the information in the book. My last reason is that using a computer can help with hand-eye coordination. On the computer, there are a lot of sites that have very interactive sites that you can really benefit from knowing that a site helps me play on the baseball field because it has interactive games that actually help with real life things like baseball field. I know there are other similar sites for many other sports like basketball and soccer. So computers actually help with real-life activities. All in all, I think computers can benefit society tremendously. Like being able to communicate with your friends. Also find school assignments. Finally help with hand-eye coordination.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, I am writing to tell you about the impact of computers on people. They teach hand-eye coordination, let people search for @CAPS1 places, chat online with family and friends, and more. First, the computer teaches hand-eye coordination, it helps you become a better speller, type fast or type without looking at the keys I know it helps me and I'm sure it will help you too. Second, computers allow you to interact with your family and friends, allow you to make friends like myspace, you can chat with your friends, make @CAPS1's Facebook more mature, and if you ask me twitter, you can also chat with your friends Chat yahoo, gmail, ol. Even teacher es lets teachers communicate with parents, so it helps you communicate without everyone having a conversation on the phone. Next, it helps you search @CAPS1 and old places like landmarks or commercial establishments like salons, nail salons, etc. Gym and @CAPS1 restaurant, you can even search for when a movie is coming out. A computer can help you a lot in this situation. Think computers are good, they help you inform you, and they teach you I love my computer, it helps me with my homework and helps me learn. Assuming you can't talk to someone on the phone, you can email or chat with them, which is pretty cool/interesting, and fun, you can learn the @CAPS1 stuff, it lets you upload pictures, music videos, and you Articles can be entered. Computers are very educational.
There are many different aspects to this computer problem, and simple computers ruin our lives. Now think if you see how many @CAPS1 your kids have? Computers can affect children's grades. It stops people from driving to @ORGANIZATION1's home. People don't ride bikes very often either. Computers are an outrage. It starts with grades first. Parents tell their kids to start your thesis. They said okay, and they were on Facebook. More @CAPS1 Then it's not kids and parents abusing computers. In fact, @PERCENT2 of America does use it, which may seem small, but it's more than half of the country. I don't abuse the computer because I need to keep @CAPS6 grades. Most students have @CAPS2-average because research shows it's because of computers. Also, if your son has a laptop, if you think it's a job they don't do. I have computers, but we have, books for a reason, no spankings, pop-ups, or distractions at work. Like one time I was working on a project and a popup appeared and read the traffic rush on your computer for free. So I downloaded it and @CAPS6 parents caught me playing. Has this changed your mind. Since you probably haven't changed your mind, that's another thing with a broken computer, your car. All people love cars. Computers are housing more than @PERCENT3 people who work or drive cars. The only person not affected is @CAPS6 dad who works day in and day out in the car. @CAPS6 Grandma said something funny to me the next day, "@CAPS3 your dad came to visit me to @CAPS6 other sons, @CAPS6 other sons are obsessed with computers." People advertise for computers today. I've seen fewer and fewer people outside lately. The only reason is that all were shaved in the basement in the dark, so when their lights rolled their eyes, it was so bright. Come on, has this changed your mind? Well, since you're still reading that means you can't make up your mind. Well, this is where people start not wanting to ride their bikes anymore. That's facebook, that's what they're thinking, "@CAPS4 is talking now, why do I need to ride and talk in person?" @PERCENT1 fits their thinking. Because we tested it on all the kids who had facebook and it was all around them. I know the amazing @CAPS5 A stay-at-home mom said: "@CAPS6 Son is gaining weight and all she does is eat and Facebook. When he's not on during the day, I'll catch him at night too." This A sad story for that mother. I ride @CAPS6 bikes a lot, here's a true story: Once I sat idly and @CAPS6 mom said we went @NUM1 miles on the bike. I got up and did the same. That has to change your mind or nothing will happen. So, all in all, I have more ideas about no computer and why. But just remember your grades, car and weight. So please change your mind.
Dear, I think the computer is very good, because you can use it to learn about things from afar, you can also hear the latest news, and you can communicate with people. At the school, a lot of research projects elsewhere are focused on other parts of the world. When you're on your computer, you can read articles about the place, and you can grab pictures and use them in slideshows or photo stories. They are also educational sites where kids can go on to learn their math facts to the multiplication table @CAPS1, a computer is a great learning tool. A computer can keep you up to date with the latest news! They are news sites that publish information about world news every moment and tell the world what kind of catastrophe is happening somewhere far away on the other side of the world. Many times families are spread all over the world, and you can chat with moving family members or friends through a simple chat room, you can find out what is going on in each other's lives, which is a great tool for family members. Stay connected @CAPS1 Computers have many benefits that many people around the world can use from their studies. Chat with Cousin, who lives in California, about a far-flung country, and also know what's going on in your own hometown.
@ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 have been discussing whether the impact of computers on people is positive or negative. I believe computers negatively affect most people. I think it's because people lose their interpersonal skills by talking to computers, computers @MONTH1 also cause danger, and because people tend to forget their priorities in life. as far as I know. Most people who use computers use them to talk to friends and other people around the world. Instead of hanging out with their friends face-to-face, they talk over the computer, and you get the full experience of communicating with them. In addition to facial expressions, you also get invalid books. You also get body language that you can't get on a computer unless you use a webcam. Computers have led to many dangers. These dangers affect every user and their family. @CAPS1 There are a lot of teens who are tricked by ad users into showing them body parts that make teens believe that older er users can relate to their problems and are the same age. Sometimes teens are persuaded to leave their homes and neighbors to meet other users. Also, another danger is cyberbullying. Cybe Bulles can lower your self-esteem. Bullies scold you, criticize you, and sometimes make you feel suicidal. None of these dangers would have happened if we didn't have any computers. With computers, people lose their judgment on what is the most important thing to do. Some people who use computers tend to forget important things in life, such as family, school work and their own health. Some people would rather stay on the computer than hang out with family and friends. Others tend to choose not to do their homework, but to live their social life on the computer. Because of their constant computer use, they seem to be neglecting their own health. They do not exercise much and eat unhealthy diets. So it seems to me that life without a computer is good for everyone. People still have their former interpersonal skills, they're less dangerous, and people focus more on what's important than on their online social lives. "
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, I think computers do have a positive effect on people, but I don't think because computers are the reason why people don't exercise or enjoy nature. People make their own choices in life. The computer is there. If someone chooses to be on the computer instead of spending time with their family, it's their choice and problem, not the computer. In my case, I like to work and play on my computer. Even when I'm on the computer, I still do things like chat with my family, play basketball, and relax with my friends. Now that's my choice to do it all. I can easily sit in my room and be on the computer all the time. There's nothing wrong with that, because that's my life's choice. No one should be able to tell you to get off the computer because that's a choice in your life. If you want to be on your computer instead of going out, that's your choice. Only you know what's best for you.
Dear editor, I heard some experts say that @CAPS1 has been online for too long. I totally believe they are wrong. By using the Internet, people can learn about far-flung places without spending money. Our troops use the Internet to talk to their family and friends in the United States. It also helps us achieve excellent hand-eye coordination. If someone is planning to go to @LOCATION1, they will be online a lot. First, they look in @LOCATION1 for the site they want to visit. Second, they will check and compare hotels in @LOCATION1. Third, they'll check @LOCATION1's weather. Lastly, they check the airport for flights to and from @LOCATION1. Planning a vacation without internet is nearly impossible. People use the Internet not only for entertainment, but also for communication purposes. They use webcams to chat online with people from afar. It's a fast, free and convenient way to communicate with other people. Our military uses webcams to allow soldiers to talk to their families. How would you feel if you were a soldier fighting for your country and the way to talk to your family was there but you couldn't use it. Preventing soldiers from talking to their families is cruel and unjust. The internet has also given us something useful. It helps us build hand-eye coordination. Hand-eye coordination is used for many things. In basketball, you need to be able to head up and dribble at the same time. When you drive, you need to be able to look up and still be able to drive the car. Without hand-eye coordination, more accidents will occur due to serious mistakes. The Internet helps people make the world a safer place. In some ways, the experts were right. We should go out and enjoy nature, but we also need to enjoy and use the internet. Some people use it for fun and to build hand-eye coordination. While others use it to talk to loved ones. Or use it to plan vacations. No matter who you are or what you do, the internet plays an important role in life.
Dear @PERSON3 of @LOCATION1, I am a firm believer in the positive impact of computers on us. Computers are improving, so are their uses, computers are great, they're not our thought processes, and they're not something we run around outside to exercise. Computers help us find and talk to relatives and friends, and they allow us to learn different things about distant places. They are also great for research! First, computers have a positive impact on us when it comes to finding and talking to family and friends. My mom was adopted, @NUM1 years ago she really wanted to find her biological parents, a year later her biological father found her on this family-finding site, she found her family, and I still There are two @CAPS1, @PERSON1 and @PERSON2, and a cousin @PERSON4. I love them very much. I wouldn't have known them if it wasn't for the computers, and when it comes to communication, I work like a dog on this big science project. We can't do it in person, @CAPS3 is impossible for one to three people. So we emailed our thoughts and ideas and were able to complete the project. "@CAPS2 There are never enough hours of the day!" @CAPS3 @CAPS3 often said. Adults over @PERCENT1 complain about @CAPS2 @CAPS3 not having enough time in the day. @CAPS3 Statistics from @ORGANIZATION1. Computers allow you to multitask, so you can answer business calls and email your mother so she knows you haven't forgotten her birthday. Also, computers help us learn about other countries, their cultures and how they behave. @CAPS2 A lot of people don't have a TV, they get their news from the internet. Also for the project, in grade @NUM2, I have to know about @CAPS4, the country in @LOCATION2. It takes countless hours to find research in a book, and you'll find a lot of stuff you don't need, but @CAPS3 is fast and easy on a computer. If you need to know something, you can type it, and bang! You have it as if you were using a book and you will still be looking for what you need. Time @CAPS3 Something we can't over-waste in this economy. Furthermore, computers are well suited for a variety of studies and directions. People who think that people spend too much time on the computer and exercise are not always right. I don't know about you, @PERSON3, but I'm always looking for different exercises to get a flat stomach. Most of my friends do it with me. I also look up the route, and looking up the route on the map is infuriating and never goes away. Go to the computer, the map is always updated and you can get quick and easy directions! I don't know about you, but I like things quick and easy. Back to research, what about solving crime? Quickly identify people with fingerprints so you don't hurt anyone. In conclusion, computers affect us in positive ways and are of great help to society, from locating people to communicating, all the way to finding valuable and life-changing information. I hope you and I agree on this, advanced computers are our friend, not our enemy.
As more and more people get used to using computers, I believe this has a negative impact on society. It's critical that people aren't exercising as much as they should because of computers. In addition, people became unable to envoy and appreciate nature while still being able to. Finally, people are slowly becoming their ability to communicate with family and friends. As people are exposed to technology every day, they are losing touch with the world around them. Therefore, the advancement of technology is having a negative impact on society. When ordinary people use computers, whether for business, homework, chatting, or just for fun, they can easily be occupied for long periods of time. They consider themselves "too busy" to engage in a sport that is increasingly important to our health and well-being. With music, walking, cool friends are in front of us, who is already alive. Is it time to go for a walk, jog or bike ride? With computers, people will exercise their bodies. In this day and age, when do we need our exercise more. Every day there are tropical rain forests, polluted and cloudy. We need and because the @ORGANIZATION1 screen is implemented. We need to write and appreciate with @ORGANIZATION1. Healthy relationships are becoming a worse and worse issue over time with the help of @CAPS1 via the internet's communication technology. "@CAPS1 @CAPS2" is something that doesn't quite exist on the internet. That means when you @MONTH1 find someone you can call a "friend" online, you never know who they are until you actually meet them...which can be dangerous. Also, no matter how "advanced" your technology is, the @CAPS1 emotion and human need for interaction that relationships bring can never be simulated or programmed. As you can see, the reliance and average on computers has a negative impact on our society. We don't take the time to exercise and socialize, all of which are good for our health. In a world where it matters more than ever. Health, gratitude and diplomacy, we are slowly losing importance. As such, @ORGANIZATION1 has a negative impact on society.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1's name is @CAPS2 @CAPS3 and I am a student at @ORGANIZATION1 Middle School. I want to give my opinion on how computers affect people. There are many things like games, chat rooms, social stuff. There is also information on homework or work and work. Well, let's get started @CAPS1 Good opinion on people who use computers, only fools don't use computers. They help you a lot, like I'm a cool guy, I forgot how to do something, I just go to the computer and do it right, it's that simple. I've used a computer all my life @CAPS1 and I'm so smart, I even help @CAPS1 mom use a computer sometimes. Chat rooms are good for you, you can make new friends, you can talk to family members, like your mom and dad, or if they live in different parts of the world. I often talk to @CAPS1 cansen, who lives in Colombia. I also sometimes talk to my friends at @CAPS1 on facebook and ask what the homework is. Games, games are fun when you're bored or have nothing to do. You can play all the different types of games, like action games, or if you want a chenllens, you can play some very difficult games, I think chess or sodotea or something. Help your brain exercise your brain. Games can help you learn about computers like boredom, many people don't even know how to type without looking at borad. I have to look at it. Well, so I have the same opinion about computers. Although people think it takes time to exercise and interact with people, it's not really time. Exercise Brian there and they can interact with people. so until next time
Dear local newspaper, In my opinion, computers are very helpful for our factory. New technology makes life easier. A computer is a help because it can teach hand-eye coordination. You can talk to people, it's a new kind of entertainment. Thanks to typing, computers can teach hand-eye coordination. It will help you when you are typing fast, whether anyone knows it or not. There's also the fact that typing if you're not typing helps because it makes it easier for your hands to move. Typing brings a lot of exercise to your hands because your hands move around. The more you move them, the more exercise you can get. Computers can really help hand-eye coordination a lot. Computers can also help by talking to people. Talking to people far away is best done on a computer because if you have a webcam you can see each other. You can chat with people from different countries. Computers can also be used for business meetings when one business has to talk to another business from a different location. Like if part of the business is doing a project in Hong Kong, the boss can have a meeting to see how it goes. Another way to use a computer to talk to people is to talk to people you can't meet in person. It's like a person in the hospital but you can't go, then you can talk while watching the other person throw the computer. Computers are a great way to communicate. Computers are also a new form of entertainment. They can entertain you because you can play some games. There are games that come with your computer, and there are many games online. Others they have been boring and you can play thousands of games with just a click of a mouse. Also, in order not to get bored, you can watch videos like youtube. You can listen to music or watch comedy videos. The video also shows a way to express your feelings and put it in a comedy, horror or sadness video. Teens can also chat with friends through Facebook and other means. On the website, you can chat with anyone on your friends list. Ultimately, computers can help children, adults or teens. With just a click of a mouse, you can find a new and powerful way of technology. And be better able to talk to people and get entertained. So go buy yourself a computer and be amazed!
Dear local paper @CAPS1, are you managing your loacl newapaper to the community? You may be using a computer to type a document. If governments, businesses, schools, students, and local newspapers are using computers for a variety of different tasks, isn't @CAPS1 helpful? As mentioned earlier, computers are primarily used for typing, editing, and presentation, and local newspapers need to use computers to present their work. As a member of society, I know I don't want to read something I haven't typed anyway. Government networks have to announce laws to the people and use typed documents to communicate with different countries and states. It would not be possible without computer signage, flyers, commerce, and even newspapers. You're late for work to pass on the highway. @CAPS1 Do you want to explain it to the boss in time? You can simply email him the situation and go to work stress-free. Almost the entire world uses computers as a source of communication, so why stay indifferent? Computers make people's lives easier by communicating via email, social networking sites like facebook and aol, and even video chatting. Computers provide an excellent communication resource and are even used throughout the school. Teachers and administrators use computers to interact with important messages. If computers are important to them, @CAPS1 will they destroy society? As a Western middle school student, I know the amount of projects and research we need to do per class. This would be almost impossible without the internet. The Internet allows for research. After the research is completed, the essay or homework must be typed and printed. Well-written and well-researched assignments are impossible without the help of computers. All in all, I think computers are an excellent advance in technology and should be used as often as possible. Without them, newspapers cannot be printed, teachers cannot communicate, and students cannot complete school assignments. As a student, I know they help me go to school and communicate with my friends and relatives. If computers are so useful to society, why do people think they are a problem?
Dear local paper, I think usieng computers can help people because if we didn't have computers we wouldn't know anything about eneyone or eneything like all @CAPS1 now, I wouldn't do eneything on them now, but with computers , I know a lot about them and there living in the back of my head like @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4. @CAPS4 was shot and I know a lot about @ORGANIZATION1 where white people are afraid of black people and wars like world @NUM1 and world @NUM2 and @CAPS5 and @PERSON1 and @CAPS6 wars there are like regular spy palin Flying over @LOCATION1, they shot him down because we wanted to see if there was a nuke available there. Same with google and yahoo, google you can type eneything and you get an answer, most like a correct answer yahoo and google are great for some work and product learning because you then you do, I think that computer is fine.
Hour after hour of online gaming and blogging on social networking spots are all at a glance. Many people are clueless about their surroundings and only break @CAPS4 when absolutely necessary. This is not what the world is supposed to be, but what society is creating. Computers do not create positive benefits for society. People's bodies are suffering from negative effects due to all the time spent on the computer. There is also less face-to-face communication with family and friends. Another big problem is cyberbullying. These are all issues that should be addressed. How do we maintain our bodies properly when we play computer games in a hot, dark room all the time? Exercise is a key element of healthy living. It's like trying to make bread without flour, without this necessity bread won't reach its full potential. The same goes for the health and function of our bodies. Exercise is a must to burn fat and calories, but also to build and maintain muscle. In fact, Muscle Begins recommends at least an hour of outdoor exercise every day. Not many people achieve this, which brings another negative effect on the body. @CAPS2 @CAPS1 helps maintain strong bones. To get the recommended daily dose of @CAPS2 @CAPS1 all you need is @NUM1 minutes of sunlight per day. It doesn't look like much, but the @PERCENT1 in our population is not out there taking it. Instead, they are on their computer. Gatherings, lunch breaks, and even family dinners are great times to socialize. But what if one day you decide to skip your lunch break with friends and instead take the time to post a daily blog. This is lost social time. If this habit continues, you may soon find yourself drifting away from your friends because you didn't make time for your lunch break with them. Even @CAPS4 a kid chatting with @CAPS4 friends on @CAPS5 or @CAPS6 can say anything. Children don't learn how to think factual language at an early age. This will affect their @CAPS4 interviews later in life, such as college or even jobs. Social skills are the difference between success and failure. Spending a lifetime on a computer is the equivalent of being a caterpillar on them, and trying to be at least one extreme will turn you into @CAPS7 and @CAPS7 are both caused by ominous cyberbullying. An easy way to prevent this is to spend less time on your computer. The effects of cyberbullying can be brutal. A recent study shows that @PERCENT2 kids would rather be bullied in person than on the internet. Cruel reasons are manifested through cyberbullying on the internet, because it takes far less courage to enter something than what the bully says about what the victim is facing. Such cyberbullying even leads to suicide. In fact, just @NUM2 weeks ago, a girl committed suicide due to cyberbullying. If you don't sum it up, computers have more negative effects on society than good ones. Lack of exercise and proper body maintenance results. Social interactions and skills are also reduced. Perhaps most importantly, there is cyberbullying that takes lives. To prevent society from being turned into social waste and destroyed by the glow of computer screens, let everyone turn on their monitors and enjoy nature and all its benefits.
I believe computers benefit our society for many reasons. Computers have been around for years, and every time you go you usually see one. That must be what people loved at the time. These are the many uses and fun experiences you can get with a computer. Computers make people happy, which makes society a better place because it's happier. They make people happy because you can play games like Tetris, @CAPS1 and even Solitaire. Computer games make people happy because when they're bored and have nothing to do, you can jump on the computer and play. Some great games on the computer are @CAPS1, solitaire, pinball and other great games. Computers make the home happier because the kids use it to play games or chat with friends as soon as they get home from school. Another reason computers benefit society is that you can now pay bills and buy goods over the Internet. There's no need to go out and waste money on gas when you pay your bills or buy something over the internet, so people are very happy when they save money. It also saves pollution, because if the cars don't get out, then the computer can save society too. The last reason I think computers are good for society is that they can make you smarter and make you better in school by learning about people or cultures often. For example, in my last social studies project, I got an A using a computer. It makes me happy, so it actually makes society happy. Now you have my reasons why computers are good for society. They make us happy, make us smarter, and make us a better society. I love computers, and so should everyone else.
Dear local newspaper. My point is that the more people use computers, the less money they spend on their families. I have three reasons why computers are good or bad. Not everyone agrees that computers are good for society. Positive and negative effects of computers on people. I support @CAPS1 that the reason computers are good or bad is that computers have a positive effect on people. The second @CAPS1 is being able to chat with other people online. The last @CAPS1 I have is spending more time with my family than at the computer. My first reaction to computers is how they affect computers is how they can positively affect people. The example I have to support this @CAPS1 is computer technology hand-eye coordination, computers enable people to understand distant places and people. My second reaction to computers is that you talk to people online. I have to support my @CAPS1 examples are sites where kids talk to their friends like myspace and facebook. Where kids love to go is tutube and even blog about everything and everyone. Some of these might be fine if you don't post pictures or other content on your myspace or facebook. I think these sites are dangerous because someone can hack into your files and they can try to talk to you like your friend. The third reason I have to support my @CAPS1 is that we should be spending more time with our family than always on the computer games we can play with our family than the games we play on the computer Games that can be played with family are monopoly, somy, canda landy cards, video games, and we can also chat with family instead of friends the whole time. When we can enjoy life, we can live not only with computers, but also with our families. Conclusion My point is that people spend more time on their computers than they do with their families. I have three reasons why computers are good or bad. The reason I have to support my @CAPS1 is that computers have a positive impact on people, being able to talk to people online and spending more time with family than at the computer.
Dear newspaper, @CAPS1 computers do have some disadvantages, but they also have many advantages. Some pros are that they show magnificent pictures of nature and it's pictured until you want to email it. You can even order air, train and movie tickets. Let's not forget shopping and the internet. If you go online, you can find a lot of pictures of anything you want. Such as pictures of nature, pictures of celebrities. About @PERCENT1 All images on the web are real. Your computer can also save pictures you take with your digital camera. It can even create a project on a flash drive and then download it. The computer can even email pictures to any existing email. If you want to go to the movies or go on vacation, you can get movie tickets online. You can get them on any ticketing site. If you want to go on vacation, you can get hotel tickets online, or even train or boat tickets. Buying a ticket isn't the only thing you can buy on the internet. You can order @CAPS2, @CAPS2 @NUM1, @CAPS2 @NUM2, game cubes, x-box, x-box @NUM3, wii, and even computer games. You can even buy a gaming system. You can buy home appliances. You can also set aside clothes and other store products. You can watch videos on the internet from almost any website you visit. Some @MONTH1s are grass, some @MONTH1s are funny, some @MONTH1s are even weird. @PERCENT2 All teens love watching music videos. Some are just artists singing and dancing in the background, other times people make fun of other artists. While computers do have pros and cons, they also have more advantages. Like the example in the paragraph above.
Dear local paper, I disagree with the statement that people spend a lot of time on the computer. Since people can rely on pretty much any computer they want there are also many reasons why people should use advanced technology where they can teach kids how to get answers to homework on the fast road instead of reading or taking classes and still get completely inadequate. Those who say other people spend a lot of time on the computer are also right, but they can still interact with friends and family, they can play games, talk to each other, and even learn new things together, all through the computer. One of the things they get right is to go out and enjoy nature that you can't do on a computer, but you can help nature on a computer, like trying to start a blog. Something that people make so that other people can see and spread the word, and on that blog it can stop cutting down trees for a store or stop killing animals for there or anything you wouldn't write about. So those of you who have read this should agree with me because you can do a lot on a computer and learn more than you think. So go out and find you a computer, something you need to do or study, or just have some fun.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1's opinion on the impact of computers on people is a positive one. The three main reasons are greater awareness of the culture, the place and some people work online. @CAPS1 The number one reason computers have a positive impact on people is because they help you understand cultures around the world. Understanding culture is very important because if people travel, they need to know how to respect each other. @CAPS1 The second reason computers have a positive impact on people is because they help you understand what's going on around the world. Knowing the location is very important because you can get lost. It can also help you tell you which places are famous tourist attractions. @CAPS1 The third reason computers have a positive impact on people is because some people find jobs online. Others work online. This benefits people in a positive way. In conclusion, computers have a positive impact on people because it helps people understand the culture, places and jobs around them.
@ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 is a world where many people think it's good to be on the computer all the time because they can talk to people online and learn more about the world. However, @CAPS1 is the one who disagrees with them. I am one of those people. Spending too much time on the computer can really affect your life. People stop exercising, don't enjoy nature or the beauty of life, and don't spend enough time with family and friends. So I hope you will take some of this information into consideration as you read this letter. First, when people spend a lot of time at the computer, they don't get all the exercise their bodies need. They become lazy and don't want to do anything. This is very bad because it affects your health and the rest of your life. People @MONTH1 are getting overweight and because they are always getting lazy on the computer, they don't go out and do the exercises their bodies need. People need to enjoy life! Since they are always on the computer, they won't be able to. @CAPS1 Lots of fun and healthy things to do for your body. You can exercise and have fun while exercising. Many people do this and try to encourage their family and friends to do so with them. However, some of their family and friends are too lazy to do anything because they are always on the computer. Instead, they stay in the house, all locked up and not getting enough fresh air. It's a scary thing for me. Your body needs fresh air, so start enjoying your life with a little more people! In the end, the folks at @MONTH1 lost touch with their friends' families because they were busy playing computer games. I know I never want to lose friends on the internet again, and I don't think anyone else will either. I once lost a friend or two because I didn't talk to them as often as I used to because I was too busy on PCs for @CAPS2, @CAPS3 and gaming. I was terrified because I didn't realize I was doing this all the time. I really don't want anyone to lose touch with family or lose friends because of the internet. It's horrible, you don't feel like yourself anymore. I want to tell you again, it's not good to be online all the time. You might get lazy, don't want to do anything, etc., people don't fully enjoy their lives, you might lose touch with family or lose friends because you spend too much time on the computer. I hope that after reading this article, you will realize that being on a computer is not always good for you.
Dear local newspaper, I believe that computers are very useful tools in society. It helps people learn new things about different cultures. In addition, it allows you to communicate with friends and family over the Internet, for example, using facebook or @CAPS1. Finally, it provides an accurate research tool for school projects or interviews. First, understanding different cultures helps the world to come together. For example, here we study @CAPS2 and @CAPS3. Each class teaches us to respect this culture more and more. However, some people do not have access to this land of education, so they turn to the Internet. If computers didn't exist, we might not know our way of life NUM1 miles away. We do not know whether their lifestyle is extremely difficult or luxurious. Also, we don't know if we can help them. For example the earthquake in @LOCATION1. It is one step closer to world peace, no more wars or conflicts. Second, computers help you communicate with friends and family around the world. I remember once risking my life to send a letter to my family and friends at @LOCATION2. I knew he couldn't get back to town, so I started emailing him and video chatting with him. Whenever I see his face, I know everything is fine. I don't know how I would be without the internet. Other lifestyles you can. Plus, just communicate with friends! Internet sites, like very useful. Finally, you use the computer for educational purposes. For example, research projects, study tools, and papers. Whenever research is the internet. This is extremely reliable and accurate. However, some sites are fake, which could easily be used for extensive research on school projects. Also, I know many teachers at my school have a blog or page where they put @CAPS4, study links and handouts in case we lose them. Whenever an exam is coming up, my @CAPS2 teacher @CAPS5 has a link by her side to help use learning. Plus, is another site that helps us learn vocabulary. It also has many games to learn our vocabulary. As you can see, computers help us with our daily use and have a positive impact on our society. From educational purposes to learning about culture and socializing with friends, it has helped us through life. As a very successful newspaper and person, I think you will understand how positively computers have affected society.
Dear @ORGANIZATION2, @CAPS1 has a lot of talk about how computers affect society. Some "experts" say computers are good for society, while others say the opposite is bad because they make children fat, reduce a person's social skills, and even make children less educated. Computers are simply terrible. Research in recent years has shown that children who use computers regularly are less likely and less likely to be active. "The more kids use the computer, the more time they waste, @CAPS3 is not active at all," said Dr. @PERSON1. A study by @CAPS3 @ORGANIZATION1 shows that children who use computers @NUM1 hours per day are more Children who used a computer for one hour or less were obese. Computers keep kids inside all day. Kids on the computer are wasting time inactive. The main reason kids get fat on the computer is that it's easier to just play on the computer than to walk and consume energy. Computers are a direct cause of childhood obesity and a threat to society. Some of you @MONTH1 think computers can improve social skills, you are so wrong! On a computer, you can "talk" to your friends, but it's not like you're actually talking to them. On your computer, you can talk privately and say whatever you want. If you speak badly in public, you will get into a lot of trouble. Computers do not provide face-to-face interaction. So when a person who uses a computer a lot goes to a social gathering, they're usually embarrassed. My cousin spends all his time on the computer and never takes his eyes off the screen when I go to his house for Christmas! Computers are destroying the social lives of millions of people. Did you know that people who use computers a lot are often not as smart as kids who don't use computers? Computer "experts" say that computers can be used for endless work. The key word for that article was "can". Just because kids have fingertip knowledge doesn't mean they'll use it. On many projects and homework, I have recorded kids saying "@CAPS2 I just copied and printed an article on google." @CAPS3 Students who copy and print don't learn anything. Computers are slowly making people less educated. Since the invention of the computer, people have seen the promise of society. Now computers are destroying society @CAPS3 making people fat, socially weird and under-educated. So how can people still think that computers are good?
Dear local paper, I just read your article on computer usage. In my opinion, I think computers are a good thing. However, I believe it can also have negative effects. I believe that computers are one of the best technologies of mankind. You can also type and learn about historical events, different places and different cultures. You can use chat or webcam to talk to people far away. This is how I use to talk to @CAPS1 who lives in @LOCATION2. Computers are one of the best things that has happened to me and my life. However, while a computer can be a good thing, it can also be a bad thing. Many people have also used it. I actually know someone who is a really nice person. She is cute, caring, loves children, and has a kind heart. The only problem is that she's a @CAPS2 addict. She loves @CAPS2. Sometimes when she comes over, I use my laptop and she asks to check her @CAPS2 status. I mean, she allowed @CAPS2 to take over her. Not cool. I read an article about computer usage at @LOCATION1 the other day. Dr. @PERSON1 introduced this article on the topic of computer use. "The average American spends four hours or more on the computer," she said. "Although there are other times when others are spending quality time outdoors. I congratulate them." Look, now you've heard it from the experts too. Finally, I want to say that computers can have both positive and negative effects. So it all depends on how you use it and how much time you spend on it. So I'm going to meet @LOCATION1's point of using your computer wisely. Don't spend all your time on it. Life is too short. So take the time to hang out with family and friends!
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2, the time you spend on your computer per day, @NUM1 hours, @NUM2 hours. While computers are amazing advancements in technology, they are also very bad for you. People often spend hours at the computer, cutting down on exercise, scary talking, and dangerous searches. From @DATE2 to @DATE3, obesity increased from @PERCENT2 of @LOCATION2 citizens to @PERCENT1. In a recent study, the number of households with a computer in @DATE1 is now @NUM3 compared to @NUM4 in @DATE1 in @DATE4. Scientists wondered if they were connected and realized they were. People who spend hours on a computer lead a sedentary lifestyle. They prefer to use the computer instead of exercising. Lack of exercise can lead to obesity and cardiovascular problems. Without this valuable exercise, more people would do it. During a visit to the hospital, a surgeon said he saw a huge increase in the number of heart surgeries on @DATE1. We found that the computer manual says it can only run @NUM1 hours at a time. The hottest thing on the Internet these days is the social network, whether it's @CAPS6's Twitter or Facebook. These social networks allow teens to talk to their friends there. But @CAPS6 really didn't speak. For example, they write @CAPS3 @CAPS4 to dance @NUM2. Not only spelling mistakes, but also grammar mistakes. And the language doesn't just stop online, @CAPS6 now they're speaking. @PERSON1 grandmother said on social media: "I can't even talk to her because she speaks like she's on a computer. @CAPS6 is so sad." @CAPS5 for public speaking and English classes, @PERSON2 for @NUM7 English teacher @DATE1 says @CAPS2 she's seeing a decline in teens' grammatically correct writing skills, @CAPS2 When she corrects essays, it's in social networking form. “@CAPS6 it’s hard to see literature disbanded because kids spend so much time on the computer. @LOCATION1 @CAPS7 kids go home on average a day and play on the computer for hours at a time until their parents get home. @CAPS2 Do you want your kids to be alone online for hours without you knowing what they're doing? Parental blockers can only do so much. Kids can find passwords and networks around @CAPS6. Danger is always there There. You can get a lot of good information on the internet, but you can also get a lot of bad information. You don't know what your kids are searching for or who they're talking to on the computer, @CAPS6 might be "@CAPS8" The guy who lives four blocks away.
Dear newspaper, @CAPS1 Some believe that computers will not benefit society, I will. Computers help businesses thrive, keep people informed about what's going on in the world, and keep people connected to each other. Computers have greatly benefited businesses large and small around the world. Imagine all jobs in every business without computers. Businesses will be unreliable because the lack of immediate contact means that product assembly and shipping can take a long time. Any business owner cringes at the idea of running a business without a computer. When surveyed, @NUM1 of @NUM2 business owners and workers prefer to use computer assistance at work. Almost every modern business relies on at least one computer. For example, companies that mass-produce their products often rely on computers to do their jobs with greater precision than workers. Sometimes computer-operated robots do dangerous jobs so workers aren't at risk. Businesses also need computers to quickly receive and send information to other businesses and people. Businesses aren't the only ones that need computers. People use computers as much as businesses. People like you and me use computers to stay in touch with friends and people we know. Thanks to sites like @CAPS2 and email, people can easily stay connected. Families use computers to plan parties. Friends use the computer to keep in touch after school or when they don't live nearby. With computers, anyone can stay in touch with other people from anywhere. People also like to know the news right away. Contacting the rest of the world would be much more difficult without a computer. Imagine a natural disaster is happening without knowing it right away. In that case, we cannot provide assistance to the region. Recent earthquakes in @LOCATION1 and @LOCATION2. Knowledge about the rest of the world is more important. Newspapers provide news and information but are a day or two late and they often use computers to get this information. 87% of scientists agreed that receiving information would be much harder.
Imagine standing outside with the warm sun dancing on your back, jumping into a swimming pool and feeling the cool water flow all around you. But no, that's not going to happen. Because kids and their parents spend a lot of time on their computers. People don't get enough exercise, which can be very dangerous, and families spend less time with each other without a computer, so they're worse off. I think people need to realize that computers outperform humans. Humans, especially children, need exercise. But with computers, this is not possible. Every year more and more children become obese. Computers are making this happen faster. Instead of sitting in front of the computer and eating chips, kids should go outside for a bike ride, swim, or exercise with friends. If it's winter, the least the kids can do is go sledding. Children need to experience nature, not computer screens. Computers can also be very dangerous. @NUM1 year olds are making Facebook! You can find @NUM2 years old on the internet right now. Naive teens looking for "friends" in chat rooms or @CAPS2, their "friends" lied to them about their age, another identity. Many teens go to meet people they meet online and end up being raped or killed. There are many patients in the world, and many of them use the Internet to find people. Many teens provide personal information, such as their last name, cell phone number or place of residence, which is an easy way for predators to find them. This puts them and their entire family at risk. Computers are tearing apart family and friends. Things like @CAPS1, @CAPS2, @CAPS3, farmpring, @CAPS4 are making people attack each other. Some families even eat dinner in front of the computer. When friends go to other friends' houses, they just sit at the computer. Why is just looking at the computer screen so interesting? The family needs to do things together, like having dinner together, going out for ice cream, going shopping, etc., anything but playing on the computer all day. I'll admit, I'm a little addicted to computers. But I don't go on @NUM3 like some people do. Instead of eating in front of the computer, go out to dinner as a family. Instead of shopping online, go shopping with friends. It's not hard to run @NUM4 or @NUM5 hours on a computer. Am I the only teenager who thinks this way? perhaps. But I know it's in my own interest by reducing my computer use. We don't get enough exercise and it can get very dangerous and family and friends should start spending more time together. Computers can do more than humans can, and we need to stop it.
Dear local paper, I agree that people spend more time on the computer and less time doing other important things. For example, they don't spend time exercising, enjoying nature, or spending time with their families. These are very important things that people don't understand they're missing. First, people who spend a lot of time on the computer don't exercise. Doing exercise is good for your health. If you don't exercise when you're older, your bones will work. Also, you may gain weight, which is bad for your heart. Just because on the computer, people don't pay attention to their health. Second, people don't enjoy the beautiful nature outside. It's beautiful when you hear birds singing or see plants outside. People are forgetting about nature. They don't recycle, so the earth might be clean. The air we smell is not clean because they don't care about nature. Instead of sitting on a computer, they should help and make the world a better place. In the end, people don't spend time with people who love them. Spending time with family is very important. People don't realize that the first thing in life is your family. It's fun to go to the beach with your kids, wife, dad, etc., not at the computer. In conclusion, I believe that computers can affect people. People just because they're on the computer, they don't exercise, they don't enjoy nature, and they don't spend time with their families. Now that you heard mine, I ask you to think about yours.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, computers have a very positive impact on people. I agree that computers have a positive effect. They teach hand-eye coordination. It enables people to understand people and places and can talk online @CAPS3 The first reason is that computers teach hand-eye coordination. For example, when you learn how to type, you can memorize keystrokes. So you don't have to look down at the keyboard. When using a mouse, the computer also teaches hand and eye. When you want to click on something, you have to look at the screen and move the mouse to click the icon. @CAPS3 The last reason computers teach hand-eye is so you don't have to search the screen for icons once you're doing something. You just move the mouse to a location on the screen, no action is required. When you type, when you move your mouse to click on an icon, when you memorize all the icons, the computer teaches you hand-eye coordination. @CAPS3 The second reason is that computers make you smarter. For example, if you have a historical project and you need to know about China, you can use a computer. How many times will China appear in the newspapers? Use your computer to access quick information. Another example is when a computer can find information about an unknown celebrity. You can find out what college a famous actor went to in seconds. @CAPS3 A final example is where a search engine can find famous pictures. If you're working on a project that requires images, @ORGANIZATION1 has the photos you need. Computers make you smarter because you can look up different countries, you can look up people and famous countries. @CAPS3 The last reason is that computers enable you to chat with friends online, for example, you can catch up with friends you rarely see during school. Chatting online is as fast as texting. Also, you can continue the conversation you have had with your friends. Did the bell ring during the call? Well, you can continue it on @CAPS4 or @CAPS5. Finally, you can simply speak. You can make plans or talk about upcoming events. Computers allow you to chat with friends. In conclusion, computers do have a positive impact on other people. You can coordinate with your eyes, you can see foreign countries and people, and you can chat with friends.
The way society works has changed dramatically since the invention of the computer. How people continue to use their computers to communicate with their peers, get information on any topic in school papers, or just watch videos and stories because of the internet. Magazine and newspaper articles, books and even movies and shows are available on today's computers! This technological advancement makes the @NUM1 century the most modern era in the world, and is beneficial to society. The "Computer Age" offers people in today's society a great opportunity to expand their imaginations through technology. You can type @ORGANIZATION1 any movie or book you want on the internet in less than a minute and start watching right away. People always say that books can take you anywhere you want to go. Well, computers can do the same thing, expect more efficiency and more places to choose from. Instead of buying a book, you can go online and read the faraway city @LOCATION1, or the eruption of @CAPS1 @CAPS2, and you can read it at breakneck speed. Some believe that by wasting time on the computer, people waste time that could be spent studying or spending time with family members. However, any information you need to understand a topic can be found on the Internet. If you want to spend time with your family, you can even point your computer at the TV and watch free movies with your family! The computer age has arrived, and it is. what society needs. Picture this: You're working on a school project that you know nothing about. Would you rather drive a few minutes and spend 30 minutes looking for everything you need, or spend 5 minutes looking for the website you need on the Internet? Obviously, the latter is more reasonable. Computers make it easier to do research for school or work. Plus, you can easily create your entire presentation on your computer! As an eighth grader, I don't know what I would do without the internet. I rely on my computer for all my research on almost every project, and I even make some of my best projects on it! Computers are the favorite of all hard working students and adults, so much easier. People's lives have not only become easier in the field of research; computers have made communication with friends and family easier too! Through email, video chat, and instant messaging, we can communicate with anyone, anytime, anywhere. With some computers, you can even see and talk to anyone you want. Without those computers, we would again have to resort to snail mail, because @CAPS3 phones allow instant communication and we would have no other way to talk. Computers have enhanced the enthusiasm for communication so much that it would be foolish to say that they are not good for society. How can a machine with so much power treat computing as a school-heavy study we want! Most importantly, the computer age has arrived, and it's amazing.
Computers are overused and control the minds of some people. For the high obesity rate in the US, the computer is mostly @CAPS1. American teens don't do their homework. And notice school time because of the computer. These high-tech machines should be eliminated and only available to those who really need them. People spend a lot of time on the computer. The time people spend on the computer is the time they should be exercising. Computers make people fat @PERCENT1 of obees Americans admit to being addicted to computers, study shows. That's why computers are bad. The Internet on a computer is not secure. Experts say popular chat sites like myspace are behind the sudden increase in murders and rapes. Number of convicted criminals and sex offenders I am tramendus. However, parents place their children on them. People don't understand the troubles caused by computers. Among other factors, computers hinder teenage learning. A computer should be a useful tool for learning. But computers are being used for other things. Computers encourage children not to study or do homework. While these are useful as websites and tools, these tools are not used very often. Computers hurt people in many ways. America should have a computer shutdown week to counter its evil grief for children. I hope one day we can all turn off our computers forever.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1, do you think computers have a positive or negative effect on people? Personally I think computers have a positive effect on people because a lot of people use computers @CAPS1 to study the past. I also don't agree that computers have a negative impact on anyone, because many people learn hand-eye coordination through computers, allowing them to understand distant people and places, and they also allow people to talk to old friends or family. Computers can then also be used to help people find information about nature, such as different trees, plants, animals, and many other things related to nature. After that, computers are also sometimes used to contact people who are far away from you. Some of the ways to connect with people on your computer are using email, instant messaging, facebook, myspace and many other websites. Also, I think computers have a positive effect on people, but others may disagree that's fine because not everyone sees things the same way in the world. Then computers can be very useful to many people because if they need to look up historical information, they can use a computer, any event that may have happened in the past but may not be done now. Finally, computers are useful to scientists, business workers, many adults and even children if they need to type for school or need to look up information for a project they are working on.
Dear local newspaper, every day @CAPS1 technology is developed. One of the largest and most popular machines in technological society is the computer. Some people don't like computers. Think computers are destroying social skills and healthy bodies. The reason I'm writing to you is to convince those people what's great inside computers. For starters, computers help us receive/give @CAPS8. One of the great features that computers offer is email. Without email, we'd be completely out of the loop. For example @CAPS2, it's snowing at your kid's school and you get an email from a user saying the school has been cancelled. We wouldn't have known @CAPS8 without that email. Another example, @CAPS6 said you lost your voice due to a bad cold. You are not feeling well and need to call to report being sick. Now you are stuck because you have no voice. @CAPS2 You have a computer and you can simply email your boss. Another positive tool that computers provide us is to make communication easier. All social networks such as @CAPS4, twitter, @CAPS3 and yahoo messanger are now available. It's almost impossible not to keep in touch with friends and fully using @CAPS4, you can look up old friends and fully. Once you find them, you can request them and become friends online. Once you're online friends, you can instant message, video chat, check their status, and browse their photos. So with the computer @CAPS7 it is almost impossible not to keep in touch. The last and final reason computers are great is that they make shopping easier. @CAPS2 You've used amazon, ebay or overstock, you know what I'm talking about, you can buy almost anything online. From electronics to @CAPS5 animals. The list is endless. Using a computer, you can even buy groceries online. For example @CAPS6 says you have an explosive diharrea when you come home from get off work. But @CAPS7 @DATE1 so you need to go grocery shopping. @PERCENT1 You go to the toilet all day and all you have is your laptop. Well, you can shop online. As you can see, computers help us communicate, shop, get and receive @CAPS8.
Good day for editors @CAPS1. The sun is shining, the birds are singing and the flowers are fragrant, and a lazy breeze blows through the woods. But you won't notice any @CAPS1 as you tap @CAPS2 or email in front of commuters. with modern technology. This is a common scenario. Experts worry that excessive computer use can damage your health, hinder your social skills and cause you to disconnect from nature. While computers are great for our lives, too much is never a good thing. As mentioned earlier, camping can negatively affect your health. Computers make people lazy. They would rather @CAPS2 and email than go outside and exercise in the cool, fresh, fresh air. In fact, statistics recently released by @ORGANIZATION1 show that computers are the @NUM1 leading cause of obesity. Weight isn't the only thing a computer has to worry about. Too much time in front of the computer can also cause @CAPS1 to damage your eyes. Even the local doctor pointed out @CAPS1. "@CAPS4 Since computers have become such a common household item, I see about @NUM2 or @NUM3 more kids per year than @ORGANIZATION2's @ORGANIZATION3. If that's not enough, too much typing @CAPS5 and Day in and day out emails can give you repetition syndrome, also known as carpal tunnel. When typewriters were big, carpal tunnel used to be more, but with the advent of newer, easier to type on keyboard computers, carpal tunnel Will decrease. But excessive computer use on a daily basis causes doctors to see more cases of carpal tunnel. @CAPS1 It's clear that if you want to stay healthy you should limit computer use. Second, spending too much time on the computer can affect your health Ability to communicate with others. Computers are helpful when you need to talk to someone, but people are so used to @CAPS1 that they sometimes find @CAPS1 embarrassing to talk to someone face to face. Their eyes are nothing but that person Outside looking around, they move their guards back and forth, struggling to find the right words for what should be easy. This awkwardness can also destroy previously close friendships. Friends will talk endlessly through @CAPS2, but when face to face But nothing to say. I remember @DATE1, I didn't see one of my friends at all; we were just @CAPS8 every day. When we met at school, we found it hard for @CAPS1 to have a conversation, @CAPS1 took some more time It's not the only way to build friendships through a computer. Sometimes a personal and meaningful conversation with @MONTH1. You're on the phone with your friend and you're telling her something important you need advice on. Seconds after you start talking, you'll be interrupted by a loud @CAPS7! Then "Wait a minute, so-and-so is @CAPS8 me". @CAPS9, computer serious social skills and relationships. Watch you spend on your commute Another reason for how much time is that @CAPS1 might cause you
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 is being questioned if it is good for our society. I have to say they are good or bad, you really can't take sides. These benefits are because children and teens can get the information they need to teach at school, it allows people to chat with others in different places, and it helps with hand-eye coordination. Those are the good ones, here are some bad things about computers. People spend a lot of time on the computer instead of exercising, they can't enjoy nature, people stop interacting with friends and family. Anyone can choose a side. I can't because I can contact both parties. For example. A good reason to use a computer is that you can chat with other people all over the world. I can understand this because when I live in @CAPS2 @CAPS3 my mom and stepdad live in @LOCATION1, @LOCATION2 so I don't see them much but thanks to the computer I can chat. I want to be with them. Honestly, I don't know what my life would be like if I didn't have a computer and I couldn't @CAPS4 right now. Although, there can be one or a bad thing about computers, and that is that people spend a lot of time on them. I can understand that, and the other well, because when I'm near @NUM1 because after school, it's directly near my laptop and @NUM2. When my grandma @NUM3 pm. She always came in and said " You got your hands on this!" in hers. So in my opinion, I believe that computers are good and bad for our society. For me, there is no position. Others may feel the same way, others @MONTH1 don't. It's up to them to make the choice, so ask yourself, "@CAPS4 Do you think computers are good or bad for our society?
Dear @LOCATION1 Newspaper: @CAPS1 Do you really think computers are Computers are so useful today that almost everyone has one. Computers are great, they're a great way to find information, they connect people from all over the world, and they provide many @ORGANIZATION1 opportunities, hopefully by the end of this letter you'll agree with me. First, they help people find information. A computer is a great way to find information through Google and other similar programs, and the whole world is at your fingertips. In my school surveys, all students at @PERCENT1 use computers to help them research school projects and assignments using computers, you can check out many different websites from around the world on a topic, and even find available Books online, which is one way computers are great things, and two other great reasons. Second, as people began to know more and more people through computers, the whole world became smaller and smaller. More than @PERCENT2 people email, @CAPS2 or video chat every day. Isn't it great when you find a good friend in a collage, but you find that he/she lives on the other side of the world, knowing that you can still keep in touch with the computer, did you know that a lot of people in the military use video chat? Keeping in touch with loved ones back home? Computers are great because they can connect people and keep them together even if they can't, but there's a better reason why computers are good. Finally, computers also offer many opportunities, such as education and work. According to @ORGANIZATION1, there are more single parents today than ever before, and with the economy growing, the number is still increasing dramatically, and some of these parents can really help with better education for their families More money, but when can they have time to go to school, work, and then kids? There are many online collage courses now, you can get the education you've always wanted through kraigslist and other online courses, many can post job offers, and others can email these people their resumes to try to get a job, But people from further afield can apply more easily by seeing the posted additions online. Computers have opened up many wonderful opportunities for people. Computers are what many consider really cool machines, they help inform people, connect people from all over the world and provide many @ORGANIZATION1 opportunities. So @LOCATION1 Newspaper I hope you try to understand my views on why computers are so good.
Dear @LOCATION1 @CAPS1, after reading your article on technological advancement, I would like to give my opinion on this opposite topic. All over the world, people use computers to do all sorts of things. Play games, buy and sell items, talk to people from different countries; the possibilities are endless. However, this is not a good thing. Many people are addicted to computers. Especially teenagers, they like the games provided by the computer. From my personal experience of being addicted to a computer, I can honestly say that I am almost completely controlled by that computer. My grades started to drop, I stopped interacting with friends and family, and I stopped worrying about things. Many parents watch their children go through this and sometimes it doesn't help to stop it. This creates a big problem for parents. My advice; don't get your kids addicted!
Computers have some influence on who I agree and disagree with. There are many people in the world who use a computer every day, and some people use it sometimes. Also, it always gives you information every time you use it. I think computers can have a positive impact on people. Computers can have their own likes and dislikes. Not every time you need information, the computer will not give it to you. Some sites will give you the right stuff you want to know, while others won't fill your mind with positive things. This is the one thing I don't like about computers. Don't think it's too bad, because computers have a lot of interesting advantages. One of the most common and used things in the world is instant @CAPS7. Instant @CAPS7 is when you communicate with another human bean over an online network. Many people use it to get in touch with close family or friends. Instantly @CAPS7 @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3, @CAPS4-mail and more have some names! Yes, computers can be addicting, but sometimes you need to get out of the car and maybe get some fresh air. For some people, I agree that they use the computer a lot and get really lazy. This is a disadvantage that can prevent you from exercising and seeing friends and family. If you stick to an hour a day maybe more is fine, but too long is bad. There are so many things to a computer that I can't list all @CAPS5, @CAPS6, @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS7, or even buying stuff from a computer, these are a lot of things you can do on a computer. I like to do many of the things I've said on my computer every now and then. Also, if you do have one, reading this @MONTH1 will convince you to buy one. My point is that they will have a very positive effect on you.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1's take on the impact of computers is that some people spend a lot of time on the computer, they can be on the computer for a while, but not all day. So @CAPS1 I think the first reason to spend a lot of time on the computer is not a good thing because it's better to be outside all day doing other activities with other people than you can hang out with friends and do some sports or Other things, if you're on the computer all day, you're going to start losing some friends. @CAPS1 The second reason I think sitting at the computer all day is bad is that if you don't exercise, you start to gain weight and cause you to sit at the computer all day, so it's good to go out for a walk or you can go to the gym, So you can work out and it's good for you and it keeps you fit because I know a guy who plays with the computer all day and he really doesn't go out because he says the computer teaches you a lot and they do But staying on it all day is not good either. @CAPS1 The last reason about some bad effects of computers is that some people might use those computers for bad things they might do on some bad website, it just keeps you on the computer longer, Maybe even addicted to the computer on the computer because you don't do anything, some people have cameras on their computers and some people use them to do the same bad things, so that's why it's better not to be at the computer all day. So those are the reasons @CAPS1 or if you don't go to some activities or hang out with some friends, computers can have some bad effects on people.
Dear @LOCATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 I agree that people should stop spending most of their time on the computer and start exercising more or spending time with friends and family. Computers have the power to teach you about distant places, but instead of sitting behind a desk and learning about distant places, you should go outside and see for yourself. Also, our country is one of the top @NUM1 with fat people, I believe computing has something to do with that, as most kids in our school have Facebook, and @PERCENT1 of those kids have been on Facebook for at least a while One hour. This is why people should stop using the internet for most of the day because they are not getting the exercise they need and that is why our country is one of the fastest in the world. The internet does allow you to chat with family and friends but you still need to distribute it with your friends outside so you can get some exercise or just go for a walk around the block if you don't you won't have a healthy relationship because Sometimes they @MONTH1 aren't even on the computer so you can chat with them online. Plus, if you don't go out and enjoy nature and play with your friends, then you'll be lazy sitting in a chair all day and you won't want to do anything.
Dear newspaper, I want to tell you about computers, without which the world would fall apart. For example, there are people whose job is to fix them, then make and sell them, and there are people who work from home and need a computer to do their job. Without them, many @CAPS1 would be unemployed and without pay. Also, kids need them for educational reasons, like if you have a broken finger and can't hold a pencil, you'll have to type. Also, if students need an answer to a question without any help, they can go online to get the answer and study. There are many ways in which a computer can help a person. For example, they might need directions or certain phone numbers or answers. Plus, you can buy offline, and if you're too far from your favorite gaze, you can quickly order offline. Also I believe kids should get off the computer and go out to exercise, there are a lot of overweight people today, @CAPS1 there would be a lot of overweight people if people went for a walk instead of sitting at the computer all day. In addition, people need exercise. Without it, people will be fat, lazy, sleepy, and some will be sick, irritable, and depressed. If people exercise more, @CAPS1 will benefit everyone. Also, if people don't have a lot of computers or people's lives will fall apart and people just need to exercise more, @CAPS1 will do it.
Computer users are thinking about what they can do. They can make or break somone. They can also deduce amazing graphics that the artist could not deduce. Computers are also great for entertainment, and they can also take your life. I'm not talking about real life @CAPS1 about the activities you do while away from home. Now let's see how we've dealt with the benefits and problems of money so far. We used to put it in a case and hide it, now all we do is click and enter a security number. People can also invite projects, but invites are tricky and you don't always win. They say today's @CAPS2 computers are high definition and you can win small or lose big. The screen is made of hardened liquid crystal fourmula. The lights in the pixels on the back do most of the work, bringing the stunning graphics to life. On today's computers, people make money by selling the graphics they make on the computer. So that would be another plus for the computer-to-human dose. I went to a school to learn how to infer great graphics. All adolescents, children and adults use computers for recerantol activities. On today's computers, you can play games, watch videos, and listen to the computer. People do this to amuse themselves. Some people get in trouble for messing around online. But nothing stressful, just play the game for a while, I personally like to go to youtube after school and find interesting videos. I used to have a youtube account and get a lot of views. The worst thing about a computer is that it can ruin a scheme or some people's social life, some people get addicted and can't stop on the computer until it's taken away. For example, some people are addicted to playing World of Warcraft and can't stop! I had a problem when I had to check your tubes constantly. Well, I hope you readers. No matter what happens, I think the computer is more beneficial than the problem
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, Computers are a hot commodity in this day and age and we are making technological progress every day. Social networking sites like @CAPS4 and @CAPS5 are all over the internet. Computers are nice in a way, but some kids find computers essential to their lives. Excessive use of computers can have adverse effects on society. Oreos, @LOCATION1, @CAPS6 are all common sparks people eat on their computer. Now, when you sit in front of your computer every day and eat those sparks for hours. You beg to get overweight. The @PERCENT1 kids in @CAPS7 are overweight and that's not healthy. This part of @PERCENT1 uses the computer every day. Obesity is a problem, no doubt, and computers are making it worse. People who like to use computers definitely have some kind of social networking account, @MONTH1 it's @CAPS5 or @CAPS4. Kids don't think they'll have trouble posting messages or posting pictures of themselves. In one case, a girl was actually killed for posting nasty messages about her. In three other cases, girls sent their boyfriends nude photos of themselves, which others believed. Life will never be the same because they use the computer so much. Soon we will be the leaders of @LOCATION2 and we will make a decision. If we start to understand our outside world and we don't learn how to socialize without the internet, then don't know how we're going to end up. Will be those and all the important stuff. Instead of typing, we should explore the world and learn important things. Hopefully as @CAPS10 we will be computer independent and we will fix this by sending less time on a . Computers are a good thing, but they shouldn't go out and play baseball with friends.
Computers and @CAPS1 are a technological breakthrough. It is exposed to the ordinary world and is never considered a positive thing. But as these things have developed over the years, they've become such a serious addiction that it's starting to threaten people's lives, and I can choose to go with the addictive computers, or turn them off. The only clear option is to fight back. First, computers cause the world to move less. Research shows that of @NUM2 people around the world who use computers, @NUM1 people are not exercising and are not exercising less, and countries are getting heavier. This is a big problem in America Computers are a major cause of @CAPS2.S being overweight and unhealthy, by reducing computer usage we can put our world back in good shape and we can get back to exercise and fitness. Next, I believe everyone has heard of online predators. It's scary to think that as computer technology has increased, so has the number of online predators. I remember years ago, I was reading the news and a story came from a normal teenage girl who was killed by someone she met in my space. It's still going on, and it's happening faster and faster. By putting people on computers, you risk death, an extreme problem caused by computers. So, of the many hours of computer use that I'm about to illustrate, the final effect of computers is taking time away from family and friends. This can damage relationships inside and outside the family. Now I'm sure you already have a lot of people who are extremely addicted to online games. The more they play these games, the more they get away from everyone they know and love. Computers are a major cause of dysfunctional families. They steal users from the outside world. These people need to get their family and friends back. You must act now before it is too late and computers have taken over the world. If you know anyone who is addicted to a computer, please do everything you can to help them recover, we need to reduce computer usage of any kind quickly. Hurry up, now or never.
Dear @LOCATION1 @CAPS1, I firmly believe that computers are of great benefit to society these days. There is so much to learn on the computer. Learning from a computer is much more interesting than learning from a book. For intuition, let's say a student has to do a report, but he can't get any books at all. All a student has to do is type a few sentences on the internet and hundreds of websites will pop up on any topic he wants to study. Another reason computers benefit society is that if they live far away, they can stay in touch with family and friends. Like my intuition, I live far away from my friends. Outside of school, the only time I can talk to them is on the computer. We will be able to talk in chat rooms or games. The same goes for families. Say your kids go on vacation and want to keep in touch. All you have to do is type as much as you can and click send, and it's instantly sent on another computer. However, if you're writing a letter by mail, it may take a week or two to reach your child, and vice versa. But, most importantly, you can do a lot of cool things on your computer. There are many games to play, or videos to watch. You can make music and make money from it. My favorite is probably the computer program. Flash macro media is the best. You can make your own animation clips or even movies. Playing with the computer is really fun. Computers have many advantages in today's society. I am so grateful for the computer and all the great things you do. That's why I believe computers are good for society.
Dear ones, @ORGANIZATION1 plays an important role in today's world. For example people use computers to get information, chat in chat rooms, mainly to chat with friends and friends who are fined. I think this @CAPS6 screwed people up. Because of the influence of @CAPS6 on the site, I think the computer @CAPS6 is the first reason why people screw up @CAPS6. For example people go past and blogs are about lying about people online. This @CAPS6 ruins a lot of people because it creates rumors and gossip about people. Furthermore, the lies posted may interfere with the lives of many. Another reason why computers affect lives and people @CAPS6 Dangerous chat rooms. This @CAPS6 is not good because you don't know the person you're talking to either. The person could be disguised as another person and be very funny. The results of doing so can be very unpleasant. Like you might give them your number, address, @CAPS2 personal information. Ended with death, kidnapping, @CAPS2 cyberbullying. Finally, I want to talk about the misinformation that @CAPS6 has given thousands of people online. Another word is "@CAPS1, @CAPS2 @CAPS3 your @CAPS4 love" @CAPS2 "@CAPS6 your @CAPS7 @CAPS8 on you?" @CAPS9 These things are placed on the sides of the screen to make money from you . On the other hand, they grab the reader's attention. For example, the paragraphs are set up to copy your number, get your account number and then take your money. It doesn't help our people because it's just for your money. In conclusion, from my point of view, I don't like computers as a great way for people to spend their time there.
Dear @CAPS1, you @MONTH1 heard that there are pros and cons to using a computer. But there are many benefits. For example, you can communicate with people, do business, and you can use it to learn. In today's ever-growing technological advancements, computers are a huge need. It is no longer so easy to communicate over the phone because people are always busy and on the computer. You can use your computer to meet people from different countries. By doing so, we can understand what their lives are like. Through social networks like @CAPS2 and @CAPS3, we can make plans with friends. Computer is an important communication technology. Today, most business is conducted over the Internet or a computer. @CAPS4 @CAPS5 is all computerized today, which is the main way of trade today. Many business transactions and presentations are done on a computer for maximum efficiency. Computers allow us to do business with foreign countries without having to go there. Computers are a huge advance in business. Computers help us learn a lot, almost everything. Search engines let us enter a keyword and find multiple websites on the topic. Computers let us do research, so we can get the right information with just one click. This research can be used to write a dissertation in school. Computers help us learn in and out of school. Computers are a huge technological advancement with many uses. @MONTH1 has some disadvantages, but it has more advantages. Computers enable you to communicate, conduct business and learn. Life would be much slower without a computer to speed things up.
In my opinion, owning a computer is a very good thing and good for our society. I think it's for three reasons, @ORGANIZATION2, it makes people relax after a long day at work. Second, it allows people to communicate with their friends, @CAPS1, it helps with schoolwork and makes things easier. These are just a few reasons why computers perform well in our society. @ORGANIZATION2 off, I'd say you just want to relax after a long day at work. TV gets boring and you just want to sit on your computer and play games. Well, it's a great way to unwind on a tough day. You can continue @CAPS2 for fun videos or @CAPS3 for new albums with your friends. Your @ORGANIZATION3 computer can do a lot. There are lots of @CAPS8 games like @CAPS4 come or @CAPS5 cam that can be fun. Do you see why a computer is a good way to cool off? In addition to relaxing on a tough day at work, @CAPS8 on your computer allows you to connect with friends and family. AIM is a great way to chat with friends and plan get-togethers. Or you can simply chat @CAPS3 and @CAPS7 are great sites to keep in touch with your old friends, and @CAPS8 can even make new ones. Lots of teens and adults have @CAPS3 because it gets. So @CAPS4, you can't get rid of it. As you get older, you don't talk much to your friends, and soon you don't have many friends. @CAPS3 prevents this from happening so you can always talk to them. You should always keep in touch with your friends. Most importantly, you use your computer for schoolwork. Without it, you won't be able to get pictures or type expired articles from @ORGANIZATION1. @CAPS8, you can't search for words on @LOCATION1. Some teachers require you to enter an essay, while others do not. If your teacher asks you to type, you need a computer. I go to the swifts website to see if I have homework, which can help me find a teacher @CAPS8 for extra points online. All in all, computing is good for society. @ORGANIZATION2, you can calm down and relax. Second, you can chat with old friends and keep in touch with new ones. @CAPS1, most importantly, it's very useful for school assignments and pictures/. Now, when I tell you that computers are important and very useful in society, you have to understand.
Dear readers of @ORGANIZATION1, a computer is a machine that has been around for @MONTH1 years. With the Internet, you can do things like play games, research information, and even talk to friends and family from your computer. Advances in computer technology are beneficial to the @CAPS1 society for several reasons. These include computers improving hand-eye coordination, providing a wealth of information, and allowing people to converse online. As mentioned earlier, using a computer can improve hand-eye coordination. In fact, computers are known to greatly improve your reflexes. This reminds me of when my brother went to the eye doctor and was told his eyes couldn't focus. My brother Patrick was then assigned by doctors to play computer games to help with his hand-eye coordination. In fact, @PERCENT1 agrees that computers can have a huge positive impact on reflexes and hand-eye coordination. If computers are held that way, and are necessary for your eyes in some cases, why would computer use be classified as bad when it's clearly a beneficial factor for @CAPS1 society ? Computers are also beneficial because they are a huge resource. The Internet provides so much information to people of all ages who want to learn and develop. For example, most schools let students use computers for research. When I say most educated people I mean @PERCENT2 schools assign students to use computers for research. "@CAPS1 students use computers at least weekly, if not more," said @PERSON2, principal of the new city @ORGANIZATION2. "They are a great resource for endless information." Computers are the gateway to countless knowledge that everyone should acquire way. As we all know, almost everyone knows someone who lives far away. I myself have a friend who lives in @LOCATION1 that I miss terribly. When long distance calls were too expensive, I relied on my computer to talk to friends far away. Computers are the bridge between @CAPS2; (my @CAPS3 friend) and me. But computers aren't just for long distances. I also use my computer to send emails, instant messages, video chat, and keep in touch with family and friends. A local teenage boy, @PERSON1, said. "I use my computer to keep in touch with friends and family who live in another county. I don't know what I would do without it." That means @PERSON1 and thousands of others rely on computers to communicate with friends and family comminicate. A computer is required for @MONTH1's reasons. They help people, educate and connect people. In my opinion, you have to be able to use a computer to thrive in life.
Dear local paper, I think more people should not be spending time on their computers. I think it's because people should spend time with their family and friends, secondly they need to exercise more, and finally get outside and enjoy nature. My number one reason is that people with computers stay in their rooms all day and don't get fresh air. They need to get out and enjoy nature. People who love animals and like to study animals should get out in the fresh air and see animals study them. It's okay to have a computer where you can study animals like this, but you don't want to be stuck with a computer. Go outside and watch them instead of computer screens. My second reason is that people do get more exercise. People get fat because they sit in front of the computer and do nothing. People are getting lazy every day because they are @NUM1 on the computer. Do you prefer to learn on the computer to walk, run, have fun, or ride a bike to get it done for a while. My last reason is that more people need to interact with their friends and family. People should get off the computer and make some plans with their families. Gather with family and go somewhere to relax. People who use computers don't spend time with their families and don't know what's going on around them. Some people fall into depression because they don't have enough time with their families on the computer. That's why I don't think we should be on a computer. We should spend more time with friends and family or go outside and enjoy nature.
Dear local paper, I overheard some people talking about how much time their family spends on the computer. My opinion is that they shouldn't be staring at the screen for long periods of time on the computer. I think it's because it takes time away from important tasks, and there's something healthier than shutting yourself off to a computer monitor, which is going out or being active. Another reason is that you can spend more time with family and friends. First, you shouldn't spend too much time on the computer. You may be completing other tasks. Such @CAPS2 jobs, or for most teens, do homework. Research shows that @NUM1 of @NUM2 teens are easily distracted by social networking sites like @CAPS2 "@CAPS1". "Twitter" and "AOL." Workplace distraction for two. Sometimes work gets boring, so workers just keep using the computer instead of getting the job done. The kids may be doing chores or just helping out with small chores around the house, but they will continue to use the computer. Teenage routines include getting up, getting ready, hanging out on the computer, going to school, going home, snacking, and then getting back to the computer. We need to break those habits of going back to the computer. Staring at a computer screen for long periods of time is unhealthy. Instead, you can be active in a sport, or just hang out. "@CAPS2 technology goes up, so does seizure rate." @CAPS3 to @ORGANIZATION1's doctor. Playing a sport can be healthier and more fun than talking to people online. Plus, instead of exercising on the computer, you stay active, keeping you in shape and having fun. The most important reason you shouldn't use your computer for extended periods of time is because you're using precious time you could otherwise spend with your family and friends. Most people barely see their family members when they are at home because they spend money on their computers. Laptops make it easier to keep people out. Bringing it into your room and closing the door is the most common way. Wouldn't it be better to hang out with friends you already chat with online, in person? In conclusion, we should limit our computer time to complete other tasks, stay active, and spend time with friends and family.
Dear newspaper reader and owner of @CAPS1 who prefer to play computer all day. about an hour. I think you should take the time to read my article in this wonderful newspaper. I'm using my computer to write this article about @CAPS1 for over an hour. My number one reason for this computer problem is that it got people's attention at school. To support this, you wouldn't think I'm making this up because they play with computers a lot, which makes @CAPS1 think only about computers and not schools. They play too much, it messes up @CAPS1, they can't concentrate in school. My second main reason is that it makes them always want to talk about computers. So if they play like I said for more than an hour it could cause them to be addicted to drugs like you don't want your @CAPS1 to be addicted to drugs I hope you don't want your own @CAPS1 to be addicted to computer. Continue your @CAPS1 can be @CAPS2 all the time about computers it can make your @CAPS1 sound like they have no life because they play it every day, I hope you don't want your @CAPS1 to be like that. On top of that is my last reason why you shouldn't let your kids play with the computer for more than an hour a day. Because they can be overweight. Your @CAPS1 can only get up and go to the bathroom, eat, they'll just do housework. Your @CAPS1 won't hang out, they won't have any movement at all. I hope you can understand where I'm from I have a brother in the hospital who gave way too many correct computers and it screwed up and the doc said he didn't so I pray he survives so I hope you don't Let you @CAPS1 do this and it will disrupt their lives forever. Thank you so much for having @CAPS4 It's time to read this article, I hope you will remember this article throughout your life.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 there are a lot of people using this advanced computer that we have. Many people live the life we have computers, and they have many of the benefits that come with computers. But not everyone agrees with this @CAPS2 A lot of people don't like people using computers because it takes less time to enjoy nature, exercise and play with family and friends. But I think in people who have computers, like talking to people you can't see, looking up information gives people something to do. One of the effects of computers on people is that it allows you to talk to people you can't really see. I say this because not all of your friends go to the same school, so you don't see them as often. But they may have email, myspace and facebook. You can't surf the Internet. It makes it easier for you to talk to them instead of driving so you can see them. I think this is @CAPS2 is the activity you have to do or whatever, they need to do the second impact of computers on people it allows you to find information. Think about it making you do a project and you don't always have enough information to say what it does. However, if your computer provides a lot of information, you can find it. I think computers can help you get endless information sites and better sites this way. Also, maybe go on a trip, knowing how much it will cost and how long it will take to get there. Well, if you look at it on your computer, you'll see elsewhere information about the questions you ask when you visit the site. The third effect of computers on people is that it gives you something to do. I say this because not all the time you will let me do something to do it. Sometimes you get tired of doing things on the computer. Things you can do like play games. You can also watch videos on youtube. For example, adding funny content to the computer where you watch the video will keep you laughing. Another thing you can do is download music to if you ever have a line that isn't busy, so do that now. Check out these things @MONTH1 can do on your computer. Finally, I think computers have a lot of influence on people. These are computers about how people spend their time on computers. But I disagree with the many good effects that computers can have on people. I hope you agree with me. These are the three things that computers do to people, allowing you to look up information and keep you busy.
Dear newspaper, I am writing to persuade a newspaper article about how computers are adversely affecting people. Computers make you unhealthy, bullying happens on computers and it affects your performance in school. First, the computer has a bad effect on people because it makes you unhealthy. I say this because most people don't get enough exercise. Then you get fat by not exercising enough. Ultimately you @MONTH1 or @MONTH1 won't get diabetes because of obesity, but most of the time you will. The next reason for the bad effects of lcomputers is children being bullied on the internet. This is important because when children are bullied, they feel bad about themselves. Then they all became very depressed. This is called cyberbullying. An example is a guy who came to our school to talk about his son. His son committed suicide after being bullied in detention and at school. This is why bullying is an important issue and why computers have bad effects on people. The third and final reason why computers have bad effects on people is that children do not do well in school. They don't do well in school because they spend so much time on the computer that they stop doing homework and preparing for tests and quizzes. Children also get distracted at school because all they think or care about is going home and playing with the computer. Children also underperformed in school because they ended up dropping out because they thought going to school was a waste of time. It turns out that among the kids who drop out of school, @PERCENT1 is the one who has been playing with the computer and they say school is a waste of time. This is the impact of computers on schools. Now remember that computers are bad for people because they make people unhealthy. People are being bullied and it can affect your studies. This is how computers have bad effects on people.
Dear newspapers I think people should have computers I think because kids play games that help them learn like math games or reading, adults can go to websites and watch exercise videos, they can pay their bills on the computer, they are in the kids' The store doesn't have it needs to be there for homework the computer is great to buy it also has bad stuff like kids say they do their homework there but they are on youtube myspace or facebook. or something else, but computers have more good things about them, are they bad things? Why I think we should have computers.
Dear local newspaper, Some people say that computers have a negative impact on family and friends, and others say that computers are an important aspect of society. I have to agree with the second group. Computers help students research the information they need for @MONTH1 school. People can talk to their friends there on facebook or @CAPS1, you can write a rough draft on your computer, save it and then go back and go from draft to final final change. I will elaborate in the following three paragraphs. A computer is a quick and easy way to find information on school projects or essays. I can understand people thinking that computers take away family time, but so does a book. A book might take up more time and you @MONTH1 get less information. For example, the book might be about multiple people and you read the entire book just to get two sentences of information. Another reason why computer searches are faster is that you can get some information from one page, and then once you get all the information from that page, but you still need more information, you can just click on another link. If people don't have computers, they will have to go to the library and spend time looking at them. Is it worth using all the time. People can chat with their friends there on facebook or @CAPS1. Some people say that computers can really help you have more conversations with your friends, which distract you from your friends. What if you're on vacation and you're tired of seeing and talking with your family because you've been with them nonstop for a week, and you miss your friends. All you have to do is turn on the computer and you have intent links to them. Chat rooms can also help you meet other peers from the next town anywhere in the country. They @MONTH1 even became your new best friend. When you write a paper, do you want to write it once and then @NUM1 times? There is an easier method called a computer. You can write your first draft, and then you can get a final copy by simply rereading it and making changes if necessary. Computers can also help children spell better. All they have to do is press a button.
Dear newspaper, @CAPS1 You turn around and you have technology. It won't change. Try a schedule. Encouragement can help many people. Events make you forget things, read on to find out more about us. Scheduling is important. Limit time on your computer. Spend at least @NUM1 minutes outdoors or with friends every half hour. Try to memorize the schedule. Encouragement helps me and many others! Try to encourage family and friends, and the government is also trying to fight it. Encouragement helps. Activities can keep people away from computers. Try neighborhood activities. After-school activities for a period of time. All kinds of things are fun. Do you think scheduling helps? Do you like encouragement? Does the event upset you? So far, these things will help.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2, do you imagine a world where technology controls human interaction? This is not a far-fetched idea. Some @MONTH1 see this as a huge improvement. not me. I think computers separate people from reality, create fake characters, and have no physical benefit. That's what I think computers do to people. First, computers separate people from reality. It's easier to just sit on a computer and browse some social networking sites aimlessly than to go out and actually meet new people. Sure you @CAPS2 will send all the friend requests you want, but nothing beats the first impression you get from meeting someone in person. Computers also affect family members and the time spent with them. Second, computers create fake characters. If I have a facebook or @CAPS3 account, it's easy to say something false about myself or others. Computers don't know better. This allows people to have "friendships" with other people who don't know the real you. I've found this to be a real problem as it ends up leading to a shaky or unstable relationship. In the end, I don't think computers provide any material benefit and this country is in a serious health crisis. Now that things like fast food and drugs are more accessible, I don't think computers help. People need discipline, and there is a time and place for everything, including computers. However, those without self-discipline may use them more than they need, which is not good. So @CAPS2 you imagine a computer-controlled world? I think, little by little, that's it, slowly taking away the human element. I think the consequences will be severe, detached from reality, create fake characters, and provide no material gain. I don't think this is right, but I hope I've convinced you to think my way.
Dear @CAPS1, I understand you have some concerns about computers. I don't think you should worry though. You shouldn't worry because the computer is very aggressive. They teach us hand-eye coordination, help you understand faraway places and people, and finally you can chat online with family and friends. First, the computer teaches you hand-eye coordination. There are thousands of fun games online that can help you improve your reflexes and eyesight. This can help heal or improve responses in some people by making their eyes sharper. Another amazing thing about computers is that you can learn about distant places and people. This is very useful because if you want to travel far away but can't, you can just go to your computer and look it up. Then you will feel like you are really there. It can also help you get to know people who live far away and you won't eat meat yourself. Finally, when you are using your computer, you can surf the web and chat with your family and friends. All types of sites where you can continue to chat and hang out with all your friends and family. A computer is very useful because it keeps your family and friends together and happy. In conclusion, I think the computer is a great, interesting and useful invention. Remember these nice properties of computers, please don't take them away; we need them.
@MONTH1 How many times a day do you use your computer? a lot right? I think computers are definitely good for society. The internet has helped a lot of people because its very convenient computers have brought convenience to people. These computers also allow people to talk to other people online. Thanks to the internet, computers can help people. The Internet has made life easier for many people. One way is to go to school. I know from my own experience that the internet helps. If I don't have enough material to learn, please help on the internet. Another reason the internet is useful is work. Did you know that @PERCENT1 at age NUM1 has a job on the internet? The Internet can also help people find jobs. The last reason the internet is useful is shopping, I remember one time I needed a special book for school, there was no bookstore and no bookstore, my mom ordered it well, and the internet was helpful to a lot of people. What I think computers are good for our society is that they enable people to travel very far. Many people cannot afford to go to many places outside the United States. With computers, people can collaborate in these places and these places. Sometimes there is even a snow experience. Another reason to use and want to learn more. Once upon a time, any family attended a wedding at @LOCATION1, but we don't know much about @LOCATION1. @CAPS1 We go online to find something similar. What's the food and weather like there. Finally, people can understand where their home corners are formed. If people knew where their ancestors came from, but they would look up crime computers. The recipes they restricted to food, the religions they practiced, and the festivals they celebrated. Computers are silently helping people understand far-flung places. The last reason I think computers are good for society is that they allow people to talk to other people. Sometimes good friends who want to be together get out of touch or if a friend is a friend one can find online and take. Did you know they have a lot of websites that tell you where the people you went to high school with are? Also, there are sites like facebook where people can connect. Another reason is that people can meet other people online. They have many dating sites that, for example, connect people who have lost the internet. Do you know @PERCENT2's dates, site settings? Sometimes people can't call each other because it's too far away. Being able to chat online with sites like google, chat, etc. is very helpful. There is no dubbing and the computer is very helpful. I think computers can help @CAPS1 many people in our society. People use the internet to help them. People know about other places and people can chat online. - @CAPS1, don't think about bodies for computers, because they have greatly affected our society!
Dear @PERSON1 Weekly, The new millennium brings a new wave of technology. The computer is the major invention most likely everyone uses. Computers teach us a lot of great things, like understanding a resort or a far-flung country. Computers allow us to talk to friends or family while they are away or even at home. Also, typing on a computer can teach us hand-eye coordination, which can help us with other things. The computer is undoubtedly a great invention. Have you ever wanted to go on vacation somewhere overseas? Computers, then, are a great source for understanding these places. Its impact could be significant. Someone might want to go to the Bahamas one day, but then find a new location like @LOCATION1 or even @LOCATION3. In addition, computers benefit students a lot. Students often work on projects around the world, and computers are the main source of intelligence. When I have a paper to do, I always use the computer first. Recently my grandmother moved to @LOCATION2 and I can only talk to her on the phone. Although on my computer, I can actually see her on my screen. The webcam allows me to see my grandma. Computers allow you to keep in touch with friends and family that you don't often see. For example, @CAPS1 or twitter keeps you in touch with your high school friends. The computer can also send emails to friends and family, so you can say hello every now and then. Movement requires a lot of hand-eye coordination. Computers allow you to do this better. By looking at the screen while typing, you can improve hand-eye coordination because you're doing two things at the same time. @CAPS2 is a sport that requires a lot of this type of activity. When the ball is in the air, you must focus on the ball while keeping the club in the correct position. While hand-eye coordination is primarily taught through the power of computers. Finally, I want to say that computers are a great source of intelligence. It also allows you to keep in touch with high school friends and distant family members. Finally, the computer teaches you hand-eye coordination. Computers are a very important technology.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2, do you want our society to be fat, lazy and not appreciative of family or friends? @CAPS2 Do you want people to lock in respect for nature? This is the result of overuse of computers, our society will become lazy, dependent on robot slaves and loose, brainwashed. People don't take care of family or friends. Most importantly, our society will not appreciate or respect nature. Is this what you want our world to be like? Have you read @CAPS3 @NUM1? In the book, the government uses technology to brainwash people and then manipulate them. If our society, as the book says, becomes overly reliant on computers and technology, we will collapse from within, from a respected world power to a third world country. We will need to redesign buildings to have bigger doors enough for our bodies to fit in. We will no longer be a respectable nation. In other countries there will be charities donating money to build gyms and swimming pools, but no one will use them. Recent research by @ORGANIZATION1 shows that @PERCENT1 weighs more than @NUM2 lbs of people who spend more than an hour and a half a day on the computer. People don't remember how to speak. Babies will learn to type rather than talk or walk. Is this good for our country? People say the best thing you can have is a supportive family and a group of good friends. According to renowned psychologist @PERSON1, "People @PERCENT2 who have more friends have a lower risk of depression." Friends actually affect your health. People who use computers excessively lose friends and are separated from family members. The impact on mental health can be dire, and people sadly miss out on all the positive aspects of life. It's important for people to be happy, but if you only communicate via email and social networking sites, you're not social enough. Chatting online is one thing, but being able to see someone face-to-face is better than a picture on a screen. Nobody wants to end up like this, so limit your computer usage. Too much computer use leads to a lack of respect for nature, people used to care about nature for many reasons, but the biggest reason is that it affects everything we @CAPS2 and have every day. Everything has a natural foundation, even ourselves. Even on a nice day @DATE1, the weather outside can be deadly if we don't pay attention to what's going on outside the safe house. We depend on nature, but if we don't respect her, she will kill us. Anything is fine in moderation, even a computer. But when we don't limit ourselves, there are bad consequences. We will no longer have a respectable society. Our family and friends would disappear, causing health problems. Worst of all, we will lose all expectations and respect for nature. Now is the time to start limiting computer usage, otherwise we will have a lot of big problems.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1's thoughts on "computers" are very good ones. Ok. We do need computers these days to find information. Why do we need them now when it didn't exist before? Research shows that @PERCENT1 of @CAPS2 says computers are everything. Let me explain a little more what I mean. First, you can find places and chat with friends and family. @CAPS1 The point about using the local internet is that it's only good for those who know and are not mean. For the small world, go to bed at least @NUM1 pm and never forget nature beyond fresh air. In conclusion, the internet is very good for people these days.
I think it's a very good thing for @LOCATION2 to use a computer today. I think it's because people use it for research, to keep in touch with friends and family, and for music. These are things adults and kids alike need to enjoy doing. Read on and I'll explain why this is so important. The first reason I think a computer is a good thing is because it's a good source for research on a particular topic. The kids of @LOCATION1 use the internet for classroom projects. Adults can use a computer to look up certain food information. The computer is always there if you need help. Some people even use the computer for work. Computers can help do many things. Another reason a computer is so helpful is that you can keep in touch with friends and family. A good thing to use on a computer is a webcam. With this you can see and talk to people on lillte camray even if they are far away. You can also go to Facebook's myspace. There are two sites for posting pictures and chatting with selected friends. This is a great way for people to get to know you. Something similar to this is instant messaging. You can use it to chat with friends and many people online. Don't stop reading and there's more! The last reason I have a computer so good is because you can play music on it. You can use your computer to listen to music and put it on your ipod or @NUM1 player. Some people use computers to make music. You can get a program where you can make heat and put them together to make some kind of song. Music is something that people of all ages enjoy. That's why I think owning a computer is a very positive thing. You can do research, keep in touch with friends and family, and do a lot with music. There's more to it than @NUM2 computers. I don't think the world would be the same without computers.
Dear newspaper, I know the computer can put a person under its spell, but it's actually one of the things we need most in our lives. Computers are used for many things like schoolwork, planning trips you've always wanted to take, and reading the latest news. Read below to understand the real importance of computers. You now know when the project is going to take a science class on protoplasm. You want to do your best so you can. When you realize that a book you found above doesn't help with the score you want, you realize that the next place to look is computers. A computer provides you with an unlimited amount of information that can help you in any report. When a teacher gives you a book to write a biography, for example, "Life and Times: @PERSON1" you want to look beyond what they gave you and search for his neighbors, his inspirations, and his influences. have. You will find all of them in your computer. When you see a sale on @ORGANIZATION1's "Five Nights, Four Days" tour, you wonder what better deals they have. What's the only place to look when you start noticing that your family needs a vacation. You can '@CAPS3 find that trip of a lifetime in a book. Sure, you can find @CAPS1 having a big sale, but you won't be able to find the best deals. I did a study with seven friends of mine, and six of those seven parents handled a trip to @ORGANIZATION1 on their accounts. If you're a big fan of road trips, you'll find deals or @CAPS2's lowest prices that can only be found by computer. If you live in @LOCATION3, @LOCATION4 and you want to travel to @LOCATION1, this is a really good deal. If you live in @LOCATION2 and you know @DATE1's hottest day is coming, you'll have those beach balls and blankets ready, but if you think computers are a waste of time, you don't know all the beaches Open and will deliver free drinks throughout the day. You will eat @CAPS3.V at home. Watch old replays of @CAPS4 @CAPS5. It will not only tell you the news in your area, but also the devastating earthquake in @LOCATION5. You will also be told what people are doing to help them and what you can do to help them. So not only does this computer work for @CAPS6 and @CAPS7, you can also help you get an A+ on that historical report. It's also great for giving your kids memories they'll remember forever. They can also help you get ready instead of staying in your house on that wonderful day @DATE1. Maybe if you discover a lot or help your kids get better grades, then you realize how good computers are.
Dear local paper @CAPS1, @CAPS2 shows that @PERCENT1 humans in @LOCATION2 alone spend most of their time on computers or laptops. I believe that the influence of computers can negatively affect humans because it leads to a lack of exercise and limits physical interaction with others. As a nation, we can lower the above statistics and together create a better environment. The number of people who lack adequate physical activity has increased over the past decade. Dr. @PERSON1, an expert in health and computer connectivity, surveyed @NUM1 people. Among these people, @PERCENT2 said they rarely go out because they are trapped in the online world. This staggering percentage proves that only 1 in 10 people actually get some exercise. @ PERSON2 stated, "This shocking @CAPS2 means that most, if not all, people are not in good health, which is a problem that must be addressed." Being on the computer and not exercising is what leads to unhealthy conditions. In addition to a lack of exercise, many people are losing the physical interaction they should have. As humans modernize with the advancement of technology, most people would lose the physical interactions they normally encounter in the world if we were not on a computer. @PERSON3 agrees, saying: "I'm a college graduate; I have a degree, but I didn't always. When I was younger, I owned a computer. As soon as I got home from school, I would always On the computer. I'm not talking to anyone - not even my family! If I could go back and change this, I would." This statement proves that the lack of physical interaction with humans is a crucial topic. @PERSON3 regrets it all and changed his ways after @CAPS3 went to high school. No one wants to live with regrets, so living a life without regrets requires actual human interaction. Lack of human interaction, lack of exercise are issues that need to be addressed as soon as possible. In conclusion, the use of computers in @LOCATION1 has become popular. The most important reason why computers negatively affect humans is that it limits the amount of movement, it almost destroys the physical interaction between humans. Thank you for your attention, and remember one thing: computers will always have a negative impact on the lives of many people.
@ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1, click, click @ORGANIZATION2 Computer keys are being hit. Computers are everywhere these days, even in the poorest places like @LOCATION3. at @LOCATION2. Horrible, humble, time-conservative computers are taking away the meaning and enjoyment that @ORGANIZATION2 life offers us. Computers are our resource @CAPS5 information and time @CAPS5 is a leisure place these days, but we forget that there are lives away from them, like enjoying family time and walking in beautiful nature. Awe-inspiring health from heavy use of the @ORGANIZATION2 computer. Since you sit all day and @CAPS2 doesn't work, computers can cause many deadly problems such as vision and vision problems and obesity. Computers are like thoughts, meat eaters slowly take away from you, make you cry, and take your life away from the @ORGANIZATION2 left by @CAPS5, @CAPS2 don't you agree? Did you know that @ORGANIZATION2 said the #2 main reason for @ORGANIZATION2 is computers? Yes, this is true! I have a problem. in the process of growth. When I was @NUM1, I was addicted to computers. Day and night, my eyes are fixed on the computer screen. I don't want anything but the @CAPS5 computer, my mom was mad at me and yelled at me to get rid of it but I didn't. Slowly, slowly, I started putting on heavy, horrible fat myself, and then I found out that I was overweight @CAPS5 my age. To this day, I haven't lost weight from using a computer, and I'm sure others will. Obesity does not happen by eating too much. It also happens when not doing any cardio, the computer prevents us from doing it. So basically the computer is not healthy. As @PERCENT1 @ORGANIZATION2 people from @ORGANIZATION2 @LOCATION1 state said. Time-consuming computers are taking family time away from many families these days. Did you know that @PERCENT2 @ORGANIZATION2 families don't get the time they want with each other because they're computers? The kids are playing games on the computer, the moms are looking online for a resipe to make @CAPS5 dinners, and the dads are buying another stock online. Yes, it happens often, insded @ORGANIZATION2 doing things they could have done other things, but no computer work is more important. My family used to spend a lot of time together at @ORGANIZATION2, but now that @ORGANIZATION2 is a computer, I can't do anything with my family anymore. Did you know that time is healthy @ORGANIZATION2 @ORGANIZATION2 says that kids who spend time with their families are bound to be better parents than kids @ CAPS2 I bet you are a very family man/woman, take the time please take these computers away and bring the family together again. @LOCATION1 has the most beautiful nature ever, birds, animals, @DATE1 time and fall time. If anyone wants to see nature, they should come to @LOCATION1, but sadly the people in @ORGANIZATION2 @LOCATION1 are not enjoying nature themselves because they are busy with computers etc. I know one time we went to a game and we were ready @CAPS5 Naturally, the boy brought his computer, don't you know? The whole person forgot about nature and played with the boy's computer. So many people missed out on nature and those beautiful animals like the yellow @CAPS3 were amazing at the time, it's a shame so many people missed that event. People don't realize nature again these days, and one day they'll regret it because @ORGANIZATION2 one day you @MONTH1 aren't around to enjoy the fact that got @CAPS2' don't let the computer tell you what to do let us be the boss and @CAPS5 us Own. The decision now or never is in your hands, make the right decision and say no to the computer. Get out and enjoy nature, spend time with your family, and get healthy. Be smart and educated. (I know you are) and tell the world not to be told by the computer @ORGANIZATION2 what you can and can't do, become boss control. Yes, computers are fun and give, but they suck. Say no to the computer, if you @CAPS2't you'll regret it.
Dear @LOCATION1 reader @CAPS1 has brought to my attention the dilemma of the impact of computers on people. Well, I believe having computers around is a good thing, because. Computers help students do better there. They also provide the ability to understand far-flung places. Finally, computers allow people to talk to other people online or via webcam. The first reason I think computers are good is. They help students with their studies there. Sometimes the teacher assigns homework and you have to write an essay. @CAPS2 Students doing @CAPS1 on a computer may get higher grades because @CAPS1 looks neater and more professional. Computers especially help college students. At one point, a university was polled. @PERCENT1 students don't know what to do @CAPS2 They don't have computers or laptops. One student even said "@CAPS2 I don't have a laptop and most of my classes will probably fail." Computers can be very useful when @CAPS1 is used for a student's school work. The second reason I think computers are good to use is. They enable people to learn about distant places or other countries. Once I did a poll on how many people use computers to find out what's going on in other countries, @PERCENT2 one of them said they would use computers to find out what's going on in other countries. Computers come in handy when you want to know what's going on in other countries. The last reason I have a computer is. Let's say you're married and you're pregnant, unless of course your man is, but your spouse is in @LOCATION2, you can't. Computers nowadays have webcams. So now @CAPS2 you really need to talk to him or her, you can use a webcam. So @LOCATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 readers. Can you see now why I believe having a computer around is a good thing? @CAPS1 helps students complete their studies there. @CAPS1 enables you to learn about distant places and countries. @CAPS1 also offers a variation on talking to someone using a webcam.
Computers and modern technology are developing rapidly and more and more people are using them. Some say computers have a bad influence on @LOCATION1. I think other sensible. I think computers are an amazing breakthrough in modern science. I believe computers are ideal for school work and communicating with others, as long as they are used properly. Computers have made school projects so easy, I don't know if we could do without. Our social studies teacher @PERSON1 says his project @PERCENT1 involves something on a computer. The internet is a great place to research large papers and projects. With over 3 million educational and informational sites, it's easy and fast to find what you need. After completing your research, it's easy to type your report. If it's not a written report, there are plenty of other programs that make a nice presentation. Take microsoft @CAPS1 for example: you can make exotic backgrounds and text, as well as unique animations to emphasize or make them pop off the page. Computers are also an ideal way to communicate with friends and family. Email is a quick and easy way to tell others what you want to say. If you want to chat then you can use @CAPS2 or IM. This allows you to type and send emails faster. Both programs are an innovative way to talk to family members who are away from home. Say my dad goes on a business trip to @LOCATION2. We can send emails back and forth every day. Now with @ORGANIZATION1 (video chat) you can see this person and actually talk to them as if they were home. Computers have their advantages, but also disadvantages. Computers are great for communication and learning, but overuse can be unhealthy. Here's an example: my brother @PERSON2 is a high school student. He was at school from @NUM1 to @NUM2:pm, and when he got home, he went straight to his computer. He was there for at least five hours a night, and the rest of the time was dinner and nothing else, including sleeping. I think computers are a great revolution in modern technology as long as people limit themselves. Computers are rolling out new features every day, and who knew they would be like…
I totally agree with those who think computers have a negative impact on us today. As great as computers are, they do have many negative effects on the people who use them. since. New technology and posting pictures on a website where everyone can see it. They also have computer games that people are addicted to. Finally, there are predators online. New technologies are great, like webcams that can video chat or phones that can take pictures, @CAPS1 they do have a downside. There are many cases of suicide due to cyberbullying. This is where people bully their kids on the internet. Still others are posting nude photos online or even on webcams. It is illegal and absurd that young people or even old people would take these actions. There are also sites where people can post these very personal photos of you and have a huge impact on your life. There are many people who play games on their computers or download games from websites. Most people are actually addicted to games, they play all day if they can, and if they don't, they wish they could. This makes them miss a lot of things. They may not be getting enough exercise or doing any homework, which can make your grades go down. They also cannot spend time with their families. It may also change who you are as a person. The most important thing about using a computer is your safety. The internet is full of predators who can pretend they are school guys and ask where you live. You should never tell anyone online where you live or your full name. They can and likely will come to your home for you. It will likely cost you or even your family's life. Computers are fun and you can learn a lot of information, but only if you use it wisely. Remember not to tell anyone where you live, or to take and send private photos. They could be all over the internet the next day. Finally, worry about your family, grades, and health, not some useless games. Smart and safe!
Dear newspaper, I think people need computers. If they can't, it helps them see the world. It can be used to send important messages to people who are far away from you. Also, if someone has distant parents or lovers, they can see each other through the computer. So here is an example of those three things. Some people can't take it physically or mentally, and can't afford to travel. Sadly, some people have a disease or disease that prevents them from going anywhere. But if they go online, they can look up pictures and information about places they've never been, which can help them understand the world better. But some people can help them see the world better. But some people are afraid to stop them from traveling to different places. So they can go online and find ways to help them overcome their fears. This in turn will allow them to overcome their fears and allow them to travel somewhere. And then some people can't afford it. So the internet can help to find a good job with a good salary that they can use to travel the world and learn what it is. What if you need to send someone a very important message to stop them from doing something or help them live or even stop the war? So if there is a war because of a misunderstanding, reconsider. So if the government figures out what's going on and they know how to correct the situation, they can send a message to the attacker. What happened, and it wasn't what they thought we did, they would stop fighting and the war would end. What if the bomb is in the White House and you want to leave the building or find it and disarm it. So one person found out about it and sent a message to the White House that would save everyone's life in the White House. Sometimes a loved one travels so far that you cannot speak or see them. Someone in the military has a child with him/her, so the computer allows them to see and talk to them via a webcam, which will keep the child and parent together instead of separating them. You can also see a friend on Facebook that you haven't seen in years, so you befriend him, you reconnect, and you can be friends with them again. So all in all, computers can do a lot of useful things. It can repair relationships, save lives, help you overcome your fears and understand the world. It's not bad, we overuse it at times, but it's very useful. It's not terrible, but sometimes it's bad, and sometimes it's good, but
Would you like my opinion on the impact of computers on people? Well, I believe that computers can help educate people and certain computers that people rely on. It's time to decide whether you agree with me that computers have a positive effect on people. Do you agree with me that computers can help people? For example, let's say you have a question that no one at home can answer. Why not @ORGANIZATION2? Of course, sometimes you get a school project. You definitely need information, but the library is closed. What you don't @CAPS3 do. It's easy, all you have to do is re-search it on your computer. Don't you agree with computers helping people? I remember one time I was in a @CAPS1 contest and I lost the @CAPS2 I needed, and then I remember putting it in my computer. People can rely on computers. think about it! Almost more work in the world than @PERCENT1 relies on computer technology. For example @ORGANIZATION1 job. Tracking how much rubbish you throw away each year would be a bit difficult without a computer, and of course banks use computers too! Track everyone's perks and money. Let's not forget what a lawyer does? Some lawyers use a computer to type out every word spoken. They shorten their words to keep up with what people are saying. Do you @CAPS3 think that half a million jobs in the world would fail without these computers? Some people will agree that some online games are educational. For example, there is @CAPS4. The game will teach you words you may never have seen. Don't forget @CAPS5. That game can improve your counting. Last but not least @CAPS6 @CAPS7. That game can improve your skills and exercise your brain. Strategy comes in handy, and you've definitely seen some games that are educational by now. In conclusion, I agree that the impact of computers on people is positive. Because computers can help people, be reliable, and educate people. Do you now or never agree that computers have a positive impact on people?
Dear local paper @CAPS1, my name is @PERSON1. I've just been told how people think about computers and their impact. In my opinion, I find that computers have very negative effects on young children, teens and adults. Many harmful consciousnesses accompany one. On the one hand, people so hypnotized by this electronic device are looking for less time to exercise and take care of themselves. Also, the only nature they experience is online pictures rather than enjoying all the beauty we have left on earth. Another negative outcome is that they begin to become more and more distant from their loved ones. What's wrong with our society? Why can't we think independently anymore? I really, strongly hope that what I've said will change some people's minds. thank you very much. Exercise is a very crucial aspect of anyone's life. Especially growing children and teens. What exercise benefits do you get on the computer? Stronger fingers? @CAPS10 is more likely to have a syndrome. "@CAPS2 @PERCENT1 kids with @CAPS7 issues (like obesity) can go online", according to @PERSON2, "@CAPS3 feels good with @CAPS4 @CAPS5 @CAPS6" at hunington beach, @LOCATION1. Basically, @MONTH1 doesn't have any thoughts at all to keep your cool when you hand yourself over to the computer. Rather on some chips while typing. @CAPS4 @CAPS7 Benefits @CAPS8 Does the game help? With global warming all around us, the @MONTH1 you saw yesterday doesn't exist today. A breath of fresh, natural air can really calm a stressed child. What happens when you play endless scotch with sidewalk chalk and fresh? or tabs or just running around? Is it not cool anymore? Yes, taking care of yourself is not cool. Motivate yourself by writing a poem about your feelings or drawing a script. Now one day, instead of @CAPS10 climbing a tree, climb our mouse arrow to the next website. There are so many things we all take for granted that one day when you look back on everything you'll really miss those @DATE1 days. Family time is vital in anyone's life. You are nothing without a family. When does game night or family time go away? Just because we're in a society that considers computers an everyday item in the home doesn't mean your family and friends are no longer your main priority. If you want to hang out at a friend's house, don't email, go to @CAPS2 and get the full impact, because when did computers become family? no way. If we get rid of the false reality, @CAPS10 we will have no negativity in our lives. @CAPS10 You can get your real life back with them. @CAPS10 You would think @CAPS10 is clearer. What makes computers better than life? Don't ask yourself anything. So uncertain, I firmly believe that in your life, we are actually getting more stupid. Owning a computer has more negatives than positives. Sure, you can quickly message them or like @CAPS9, but is there anything wrong with doing good old-fashioned calls? Or send a letter? I repeat, thank you for taking the time to read this article. @CAPS10 I changed you, @CAPS10 didn't. Whatever you do, think about what happens the next time you go online.
Dear local paper, I agree that computers have a huge impact on human society. So I think @MONTH1 is one of the greatest inventions. I say this because @MONTH1 has different help programs or websites that help people in their daily lives. Especially students have the ability to learn from educational pages. Also, people can communicate online. Finally, you can type stories instead of handwriting them. Having the advantage of online learning is great. Different sites @MONTH1 with tons of information and real facts do affect most students' grades. Did you know that @PERCENT1 in @LOCATION1 gets writing information on educational sites, be it essays or non-fiction stories? Thanks to computers, @MONTH1 students have a good chance of getting a passing grade. Online communication has had a huge impact around the world. Connecting with family or friends is great whether you use facebook, @CAPS1, @ORGANIZATION1, etc. For example, I use facebook, I love talking to my family at @LOCATION2, and I see them every few years. Online communication has affected people because there is an easier way to talk to others instantly. With the push of a button, you can instantly communicate with someone. Finally, if people want to enter letters or stories, they can do so on the program. For example, if you use microsoft word, you can type whatever you want. This has an impact on people because it's a faster and easier way to write. So if you finish earlier than you can type, you'll have more free time, or more time to do the rest of the work. Plus, it's easy for me because I type like the wind; after practice, of course. All in all, the invention of the computer has helped society in many ways and is still helping society. However, I feel that the three ways in which I choose to tell you in this letter affect us the most. I hope this helps you with your questions about how computers affect humans. Thank you for taking the time to read my letter. Have a nice day.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 computers are no harm in any way. It helps people understand things they don't know. It also allows people to interact with people around the world. Another is that it allows people to stay in touch with family and friends around the world. Computers are not harmful, they help. A computer is a learning tool. A school like mine has over a hundred computers, but they are only used for education. Anyway, even if we try to visit a different website, we are redirected to the blocked website. Cars and other machines are built by computers that provide blueprints. Computers are mainly used for one thing, and that is learning. Are you thinking of going somewhere for a vacation but don't know what's going on there? Then a computer can help you solve these problems. It lets you see what people are like and what the place looks like with a virtual tour. Even some help if you don't understand traditions or beliefs. Computers are a great way to explore. Computers are a great way to communicate with others. Family members living on the other side of the world can use the computer to talk and see how you're doing. How about an old friend who moved away. You can still talk and communicate with each other. Isn't it so bad to keep in touch with friends and family? These are all reasons to prove that computers are harmless anyway. It gives people a good education. It allows people to understand cultures around the world. Chatting with friends is a good thing, not a bad thing. That's why computers don't hurt people, they help people.
Dear newspaper editor, I have recently heard that some people think that computers have a negative effect on people. Well, I think computers have a positive effect on people. I think computers have a positive effect on people because it helps to understand other countries more easily Also, it helps people to talk to people from different countries. Another reason is that it can help people learn about different cultures, religions or traditions. Some people think that computers have a negative impact on people because people spend more time on the computer than they do with their family. In addition, people use computers more than exercise equipment, bicycles or scooters. Now that you know the positive and negative effects of computers, which side would you choose? One is for computers and one is for computers. I would choose the one for the computer.
Dear local newspaper editor, @CAPS1's take on the impact of computers on people is that being on a computer isn't that bad, it doesn't corrode your brain like video games. There are some good reasons why computers are good and can help you. Sometimes computers do help with hand-eye coordination. You use your computer to do your homework or search for a store, etc. Some computers are really slow, but not all new computers from @DATE1, computers that also help you read better it hardly ever. You can chat with people like your friends. Listening to music is easy for you if a website has all the songs you love to listen to many people use a computer to get a job and use it to find a way to eat right and exercise it is easier to pay the bills online than they are for real . Paying by computer is convenient, you should agree with @CAPS1.
Dear Newspaper, The question is whether people spend too much time on the computer. In my opinion, people are not, and there are many benefits to using a computer. Typing computer teacher hand-eye coordination. It's also easy to learn on a computer, and you can both communicate with people! Hand-eye coordination is very important. We use it every day to take notes while exercising and even play video games! Using a computer is good because it develops hand-eye coordination. Whether you are typing on a computer, playing online games or surfing the web, you can develop hand-eye coordination. It's great to learn hand-eye coordination because most teachers these days let kids type and print their papers, so they're neater. If kids can learn hand-eye coordination, they can type faster and then turn into their hand-eye coordination when they hit the computer. If we don't get homework done in class, my world culture teacher will let us use the online textbook instead of logging in on the textbook. Any student would rather go online than go to school with a giant textbook. Have you ever wondered how easy it is to take online college courses. And then having to go to college, especially for working parents? Everything happens online from your portable laptop without having to commute to and from college. It's easy to use a computer to learn about the different places. The site is full of pictures of beautiful foreign places, hot deserts, rainforest monkeys and tigers. Learning on a computer is fun and easy. Since cell phones have become so plentiful, many people have gotten rid of home phones to save money. Sometimes though the phone will lose signal. That's why having a computer is a good thing. Conversing with other people in forums, chat sites, and email is a treat. You can have intelligence, it's easy and free! Communication by computer is oriental. You must have heard my reasoning that people can spend time on the computer, and you know what I mean. Yes, people should spend time outside or with family, computers are good for you. Learning hand coordination and communication on a computer is easy.
Not everyone thinks computers are good for you, but they are a great resource for finding information. Not great on compiler @NUM1 seven, but not bad sometimes. It's not healthy at all to be alone at the computer all day, doing nothing but that. People just need to limit the amount of time they spend on the computer. Don't be late! As I said before, computers are also great for getting information. If you have a computer or laptop and you need to look up information on the internet. For kids who need to do homework or projects, they need to look up some facts or information on the computer. It's much easier to do that then look for books with all the facts you need. So the computer has good quality and resources. They can't be bad or unhealthy unless that's your life and that's the only thing you do. This is my take on computers.
I think people are out there spending a lot of time on the computer instead of enjoying nature and things. My reasoning is that people do nothing but surf the internet, they talk to other people all the time, and they build websites around eating trash and not exercising. Here are my three reasons. My number one reason is that what people do is surf the web. There are over a million websites to visit. All people do is go to everyone to see or buy. The only thing they should be doing is homework or business. People also play many video games on their computers. My second reason is that people continue to use @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 or use webcams. These people may be there talking to people for hours. Sometimes these things are people's lives and everything they do. I know someone who has @CAPS1 and all they do after school is talk to people. They have friends on @CAPS1 but not in real life. My third reason is when people continue to do all they do is eat junk food and not exercise. Sometimes they eat chips and cookies and drink soda. If you do this for a week, you will be very tired and sleepy. You will also get fat. Your body will become unhealthy and deformed. Now that you've read my reasons, I hope you like them. My reasoning is that people are talking to other people all the time except surfing the internet, people only eat junk food and don't do any exercise.
Dear local paper, I just want to say that I agree with you that some people spend a lot of time on the computer. My reasoning is that people need to exercise and get out of the house. have fun. If you keep reading, you'll see why they need to do these things. My number one reason is to exercise. The reason I say exercise is because you don't need to be at the computer all day. They can do many things, running, jogging and cycling. I mean it's ok to study on the computer occasionally, but that's why they have books, they have schools to learn things. My second reason is to go out because people need fresh air and not be locked inside all day. Another is exploring and hiking, seeing what's out there, and having fun. Another reason for me is nature. I mean you can go to the zoo and learn what's there. Another thing is that you can do more without sitting in front of the computer all day. My last reason is that you can talk to your friends about things, you can go to the mall all day, you can also hang out with your friends, get some sleep, watch a movie. You don't need to be on the computer all day, you need to have fun. That's why I said you don't need to be on the computer. You can do other things without using a computer and keep learning. Once you enjoy chatting online, you can go to a friend's house and chat. thank you for your time. Hope to talk to you soon.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 You are at home, you are on the computer. However, it has been hours or even days before you breathed the fresh air outside. This @MONTH1 sounds odd, but it's a reality for a population of more than <@PERCENT1@NUM1> in @LOCATION1. Just watch them in movies, in your home, in your office, or even at school. Computers are everywhere. I know that due to overuse of computers, many experts are concerned that people are spending too much time on the computer and less time exercising and enjoying nature and interacting with family and friends, I say because of this person, every place is only allowed to download Rain uses the computer and says @CAPS2 to the computer. My point is that our days on the computer are wasted by virtual games and other downloads. First, people spend too much time on the computer and less time exercising. Obesity has become a major problem for @LOCATION1 over the past two years, with a population exceeding @PERCENT1 being obese and at high risk for conditions such as diabetes, heart failure and even depression. Recently, my cousin died of canning disease due to obesity or obesity. My point is that we can't let her stand up and get off that computer doing nothing, besides, people should get off the computer and start enjoying nature. There are <@PERCENT1@NUM2> people in @LOCATION1 not spending enough time outside. With global warnings choking our environment, people will be very concerned about spending a little girl's time outside. Didi Did you know that more and more environments are disappearing every day? From cleaning our world or cows, I go to my good friends and experts in all things environmental.
Dear @ORGANIZATION2, I express to you my concern about the side effects of new technologies like computers owning humans. Computers affect humans in harmful ways because people spend too much @ORGANIZATION1 their quality time on computers, which also results in less time spent exercising. People also aren't interacting with friends and family as much as they spend outdoors. First off, people spend too much time surfing the web on @ORGANIZATION1. Research shows that @CAPS1 spend an average of NUM1 hours a day on the computer in total, almost twice as much as they should. Dr. @DR1 from the @CAPS1 Technology Association said that if this increases the time @ORGANIZATION1 spends on the internet, for more years, most @CAPS3 will completely lose contact with family and friends outside of @ORGANIZATION1's social computer network. A @NUM2 year old @ORGANIZATION1 has grown from @NUM3lbs on @DATE1 to @NUM4lbs today. Statistics show that the main reason for the dramatic weight gain is that @ORGANIZATION1 spends too much time on the computer, while @CAPS4 doesn't have as much time for exercise. Teens need to exercise for 30 minutes 3 times a week. @CAPS5 The average teen spends just ten minutes a week working out, excluding the gym. All @ORGANIZATION1 these numbers have to change and the way to start will be to lose computers because people spend so much time on them and less time exercising. Second, commuters are influencing people to get outdoors and enjoy nature. From my personal experience it is a beautiful thing to be apart from @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS5 now I spend too much time on social networks like facebook, my space and @CAPS6 others. How often do you go for a walk outside, ride a bike or whatever? A study by @PERSON2 showed that the average person living in @LOCATION1 spent a total of only @ORGANIZATION1 @NUM5 days outdoors in the past two years after receiving their new computer. This has to change people's need to enjoy what the world has to offer. Third, the computer affects the interaction between relatives and friends. "@CAPS6 people only interact with their families during mandatory times like school meetings," @ORGANIZATION1 said. Family and friends are important in everyone's life. I love to sit down and have a steaming @ORGANIZATION1 hot chocolate with my mom. @PERCENT1 @ORGANIZATION1 people are now away from family every day, @PERCENT2 @ORGANIZATION1 people use computers to interact with friends. IUM Computers' @PERSON1 says it's important that people stop using computers because "before you know it, you lose all contact with your family and friends", which helps people lose communication and interaction with family and friends. In conclusion, I urge you to make the right decision by stopping using your computer and in return you will be a happier and stronger person. Computers affect humans in horrific ways because people spend so much time on them that they lack exercise, outdoor time, and interaction with friends and family. Sorry for the lack of @ORGANIZATION1 organization at the end, I ran out of @ORGANIZATION1 space. Please excuse the confusion. thank you.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I am writing to you today so that you can understand why advanced technology has a positive impact on people. The reason I write this is because computers allow people to talk to other people online, learn about distant places, and finally it can teach hand-eye coordination. When you read my letter, I hope you do too. First, computers allow you to chat with other people online. The reason I feel this way is that if you can't put your phone in your hose or even your phone, you can see if they're online. It's also the same as texting, but with a bigger keyboard/screen, which I can understand, since I'm texting someone and looking up whtm online, we're sending each other targets instead. I hope you can see why computers are good for people. Second, not many people will go to the library to find information on school papers. The reason I feel this way is that a computer has Google, which makes it easier to find things. Another reason is to go to the library @MONTH1 because you send more money to fill your tank. I can relate this because every time my family goes to the library, we have to refuel the car after we go. This is another reason why computers are good to use. Finally, computers can teach hand-eye coordination. The reason for this is because if you're writing an email, then you should know which keys your fingers are touching. Another reason computers have hand-eye coordination is that if your child is using a karayta, they may have learned to move their hands quickly from somewhere. I can relate this because when I was in first grade there was a guy you told my friend and I needed us to get in the truck to help him find his lost puppy and he tried to catch me but I pulled mine in I had a hard time leaving before I was pinned. I hope you can understand why we need computers. I want the one where I sit and read my article. Write down again why people can talk to other people online, learn about distant places, and finally hand-eye coordination. I hope you will rethink why we should have computers in schools.
Dear local newspaper, I agree that computers have a positive effect on people. Learn hand-eye coordination without having to go to the library and improve your social skills. Read on to find out why. Computers we use every day. They are teaching us something. We @MONTH1 don't even realize it, but they are teaching us hand-eye coordination. We type, we look at the screen with our eyes, then we type with our hands, a mistake, our hands automatically fix it. Or the same thing applies when we play games online. Our eyes are watching while our hands are working fast on the keyboard. Hand-eye coordination is a skill you need in sports, and I believe computers, because we spend time on them, are a quick way to learn this skill. Next, how many students' parents are working? My parents will. Walking to the library becomes difficult and not everyone lives within walking distance. That's where the computer comes in handy. If you have a project to do, but your parents have jobs, you can @ORGANIZATION1 it and you might even get more info on what you can then get in the library. How about it? You ask. Well, for example, @CAPS1 you have to do a project on @CAPS2. Suppose you managed to go to the library, but apparently there are only @NUM1 books on @CAPS2, of which @NUM2 is checked out. You can always check it out from another library, but that might not come anytime soon, in a survey @PERCENT1 students said it happened to them, but the computer saved them. So what else did they say? Hello @ORGANIZATION1! Last but not least, computers can improve your social skills. When I first moved here, I was a very shy person. When I make @CAPS3, I @CAPS4 talk to people who go to my school. I even became friends with them. I'm not saying you should stop talking to people face to face and use @CAPS3, @CAPS6, @CAPS7 or @CAPS8 to communicate. @CAPS9 I mean, if you start talking to them online, you get to know them a little bit, and then when you talk in person, you find that you have a lot in common with that person, and soon enough you can be friends. One more thing, and this has something to do with it. I have many friends who live in @LOCATION1, and many cousins who live in @LOCATION3, @LOCATION2, @CAPS9. We @CAPS9 know that you can't time travel @CAPS9 and sometimes you can't even see them. That's where the @CAPS10 social network helps. You can keep in touch with @CAPS11.S. Don't even waste a few minutes on your phone. can it get better? In conclusion, computers have a very positive effect on people. From improving hand-eye coordination, to completing the project on time with an A+ without leaving the house, to improving your social skills. Even see the collected data. Thank you for taking the time and effort to read this article, I hope it has convinced a lot of people.
@ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 You @CAPS2 want your kids and citizens to be fat and lazy? Or stay active, learn everyday skills and become friendlier to those around you? The parents of @PERCENT1 would agree with my second thoughts on the first. Well, I think after reading this, those extra @PERCENT2 will be convinced. Every day @NUM1 of @NUM2 people are now overweight or obese. This can be caused by lack of exercise and inactivity. Our kids need to learn @CAPS1 to get out and exercise for an hour a day. This may take their eyes off the computer screen. Great way to help encourage joining a sports team or club. This is for people away from screens and @ORGANIZATION2 classes. If we can get people out of the office, that can even push them to nature. They are a great thing for @CAPS1 every day at the local park. For example, you can ride a bike to play games or hang out with friends. Learning can also get people out of their computer chairs faster. If they want to look it up, tell them to use a dictionary, thesaurus or book. If people are on the computer, but it can teach kids and drugs. Bt @CAPS1 help find carrer options and life. Sitting in front of a screen can be good for your health, too. For @CAPS1, they are better stuff. but through the Internet. If you're not good at e.g. with friends, you can still have fun. If you're a boy, you can go to @CAPS1 like a park to pay the carrer basic bill or even wrestle. All in all, I would say it will remind you to go out for a walk. Since getting p and side can help you socialize and study, it can even help you lose weight. So for now I leave it to you to accept the challenge or not. But just to satisfy you, if you stay on your computer it can promote the obesity demand for glasses.
Dear newspaper, @CAPS1 caught my attention recently, people say computers don't matter. Well, I strongly disagree with this statement. I think computers can teach great hand-eye coordination, enable people to see distant places, and even allow you to chat online with family and friends. Computers teach a lot of hand-eye coordination. Research shows that @PERCENT1 in all football players has excellent hand-eye coordination. I'm sure it's because after football players come home from a big game or something, they log on to @CAPS2 and make their status depend entirely on their victory. Also, they might pull up a ping pong ball to see how long they can walk without the ball falling into the hole. Is your hand-eye coordination good? The second reason I disagree with the previous statement has to be that computers enable people to learn about distant places without leaving home, I mean @CAPS1 much faster than going to the library. At the library you have to get there first, then select your book, then check @CAPS1. During that time, with just one computer, you can fully complete the entire project! In the end, the reason computers are so important is that @CAPS1 keeps people connected. Do you have family members who live far away from you? I @CAPS3 I do. I can't always call them @CAPS4 on the phone I want to talk to them so I just log into @CAPS2 and if online I can talk to that person. I don't @CAPS3 about you, but I'm really close to my grandmother. Unfortunately for me, she doesn't even live close to @NUM1 hours. She is below @LOCATION2 in @LOCATION1. A day and a half by car and three hours by plane! So it's much easier for @CAPS1 to log into @CAPS2 and talk to her privately instead of driving a day and a half or flying for three hours. So all in all, I'm sure you totally agree with me. Computers are amazing! They can help you gain hand-eye coordination, let you research something quickly, and keep you in touch with friends and family from afar.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 has nothing to do at home. You can't play basketball with @PERSON1 friends because you have hand-eye marks. You want to learn about @LOCATION1, but don't have any books. You want to chat with your friends. This is what happens if we don't have technological progress. Without handeye cordenation, we cannot learn about distant places, we can learn online. C computers benefit our lives in many ways. First, hand-eye marking is very important. Without @CAPS5 we would be able to use and even hold the pencil. @PERCENT1 People's hand-eye alignment has improved when using computers. Human Response Lead @PERSON2 on @DATE1 says @CAPS2 proves it. "@CAPS3 knows that your hands are the largest part of your body, and the computer will help lower the movement to hone the hand-eye." - @PERSON1 in an interview with Science Magazine's @DATE2. When you are clumsy, you break things. Something important like @PERSON3 in @LOCATION2 breaking her mother's glass vase. @CAPS5 Might help if she has used a computer. Furthermore, computers give us the ability to understand distant places. No books! The folks at @PERCENT2 prefer to find information on a computer rather than a book. @CAPS5 is the truth. If @CAPS5 were used to broadcast updated web attractions on @CAPS5, some people wouldn't have heard of the @LOCATION3 earthquake. Campers have heard of it. There is a front page spread at @ORGANIZATION2 to promote the use of computers instead of books. Books may be out of date, but computers will always have the latest answers. Also, people need to be able to chat online. Bisness meetings, government programs, just chatting with friends. People need to be able to stay connected. If the president can't make video conferences, he'll fly everything. Emale is the only way for @PERSON5 from @CAPS4 to talk to her colleagues. "I'm just located so far away, it's so much easier." @CAPS5 Let the joys and the major anachronisms flow. "@CAPS6 seems to be the only way kids talk about @CAPS5 right now," @PERSON4 said. @CAPS5 makes them feel like there is a part of something bigger than them out there. Now, @CAPS1 happy, healthy, educated Americans young and old. They can do and research as much as they want. The role of technology is surprising. @CAPS5 lets you discuss far-flung places online and practice your hand-eye positioning. This sounds like a good thing to me! So @ORGANIZATION1, computer fist only good ones. So agree with me @ORGANIZATION1!
Some people @MONTH1 think the computer takes up too much time on important things. But actually everything you want to know is there. You can learn about nature, cool websites and even history. Here are the reasons for my impact on the computer. First, you can learn a lot about nature online. You can view and study a wide variety of animals. Learn about plants and their impact on life. Plus, you can learn a lot about @LOCATION1 and how it's changing. Second, there are many coll sites to join. You can play some games to keep you busy during the day. You can even chat with friends online, or find long-lost friends. The school website is available to some students who are studying or helping. In the end, computers show you a lot about history. The people who did things in those days and the world's famous people are more famous than today's celebrities. Most importantly, a story about life changing and how it changed people's lives today. I hope I have enough of you to agree with me. As you can see, computers have a lot of resources, you can learn from learning sites, and history isn't even halfway there. Think about it! thanks for listening
Computers and @CAPS1 have changed the way the world works today. From stocks to instant messaging (@CAPS2), people make important life decisions based on what they read. Although some people think that computers are pulling people away from the beauty of nature, loved ones or sports. I believe @CAPS11 is just helping the world build on what it is today. An example is conversation, where many people have close relatives but are at sea, off-road, or even on the other side of town. @CAPS1 to help them talk to other people they wouldn't normally be able to talk to. Several times, my family plans to travel together, even though we live on the African continent. On @CAPS1, letters in the mail can take months to complete. Another way to chat with friends or family is a website called @CAPS3. @CAPS3 is a site that allows you to chat with @CAPS6 or send pictures to others. Other sites like this are @CAPS4 and @CAPS5 @PERCENT1, and people in @LOCATION1 have accounts on one of these sites. Another way to talk to others for business reasons is @CAPS6. Multiple servers proud @CAPS6. For example @ORGANIZATION3, @ORGANIZATION2 or @CAPS8. “@ORGANIZATION3 is my personal favorite” said @PERSON2 @CAPS9 of the @LOCATION2 @CAPS10 newspaper, “@CAPS11 will help me endlessly if I need to get in touch with someone on short notice.” That’s what I support using computers one of the reasons. Another reason I support the use of computers is that <@PERCENT1@NUM1> of all students rely on @CAPS1 for research papers and other assignments. "Even though I still use books," college student @PERSON1 said. “@CAPS1 is much faster and articles are more up-to-date. Searches for @CAPS13 are the most frequently used, e.g. @ORGANIZATION1 or @CAPS14.com @NUM2, of all computer users with @CAPS1 access, @ORGANIZATION1 At some paint. Another handy program that all computer companies offer is @CAPS15 @CAPS16. This program is used for everything from research papers to research papers. This program also has spell checking, punctuation checking, and error checking The main reason I wrote this paper is because pundits have been complaining that people are spending too much time on the computer and @CAPS11 has been distracting them from the important things in life. Like friends, family and nature. However, from the examples explained in this article, I've demonstrated that @CAPS1 increases conversation and curiosity about how the world looks and works. As for exercise, @CAPS11 It's common sense to spend just an hour on personal fitness.
Dear @LOCATION1, I think the way more and more people use computers is bad because @NUM1 int is bad for people's health, @NUM2 people who use computers a lot, refuse to spend time with family and friends, @NUM3 you pass Do your own research and find out more about what's on your computer. The number one reason why computers have adverse effects on those who use them is health issues. Health is very important, but sitting in front of a computer for hours can make things worse. By the way, you can get arthritis when you hunched over to see something small on your computer screen, or when you hold down the mouse and wait a long time to click on something. The second reason why computers have bad effects on the people who use them. Do those who use computers sometimes refuse to spend time with family or friends, eg: @CAPS1 said a week ago you promised to reunite family and family and they all count on you to come, @CAPS2 you have a computer and you can access all of them Neat website you've never heard of, this is awesome! Incorrect! Before you know it, today is a family reunion day, you queued for an hour @CAPS4, you can make excuses not to come. This breaks your family's enthusiasm...my last reason is, for me computers are a bad idea, you can get away with another computer by continuing to learn but it's fun to travel or meet people from that place @ CAPS2 set one to get your neck, back and sore @CAPS3 I YES I THINK ME @CAPS3. Also get fun and ear food from the culture to keep you cool on those crappy computers. (Sounds like a good time to invite family and friends to me!) @CAPS4 So all in all, in my personal opinion, computers have bad health effects and it can cause bacj and neck pain later Ministry issues and may even lead to activity. People who use computers a lot or like to spend time on computers refuse to spend time with family and friends, and @NUM3 you can find out more about things like culture or land if you research it yourself instead of going to the computer a couple of hours. I hope my opinion will convince others that hoeing a computer has a bad effect on the people who use it a lot and take action and do the right thing.
@ORGANIZATION1, computers have a huge positive impact on people. This is @CAPS3 teaching hand-eye coordination, allowing people to see faraway places and talk to other people online. Computers have a big positive impact on everyone. Computers teach hand-eye coordination. When a person is typing, they are typing with their hands while looking at the letters on the monitor. Computer games help teach this in games @CAPS3 Things happen very fast, so people have to see what's going on and hit the right keys quickly, greatly improving the hand-eye @CAPS1. Research does show that people who use a computer have better hands and eyes @CAPS1 than people who don't use a computer @PERCENT1. Computers help the eyes @CAPS1, they can teach you a long way. Someone can learn about far-flung places by searching online. They will get many facts about that place. Sheral of @LOCATION4 said I heard someone mention @LOCATION2 at school but didn't know anything about it, so I googled it and got tons of facts. "It shows that computers can help people learn about foreign countries, they can talk to people from afar. Using a computer soemone can talk to you from hundreds or thousands of miles away. Tehy can do that via video chat email. @CAPS2 shows that 7 out of 10 people prefer video chat @CAPS3 It's faster and two people can see each other. But either way, they're still a quick way to connect with people far away. Jack from @LOCATION1 said: " @CAPS3's video chat I was able to talk to @LOCATION3's cousin and see my cousin I almost never met. This shows that computers are a positive thing for people. Computers are helpful in many ways, it can teach hand-eye recognition, it can let people know about distant places, it can let people talk to other people. Computers are a good thing for everyone. "
Computers, @CAPS1 how far we've come. Computers provide many functions to the world, and... we don't use any of them. The computer is already occupied a lot and is not doing anything. Computers fascinate many people and can become very addictive if not used in moderation. The computer is also the focus of attention and takes away the interaction with the family. Imagine seven years sitting in front of your computer. You never get up unless absolutely necessary. You even decided to cut exercise out of your life. Now imagine what this does to your body. Even if you eat right, the parts that never exercise will kill you. I remember being at my cousin @PERSON2's house when she suggested playing the @CAPS2 fit game. If you've never played this game before, when you log in, it does some tests and determines your physical age. My body is @NUM1 years old. I am @NUM2 in the body of @NUM1. Gone are those years in front of the computer. I don't want this experience to happen to anyone else. Don't make the same mistake as the readers of @LOCATION1. I have a friend named @PERSON1 who is a computer junkie. She would spend days at a time on the computer. Sometimes she misses class because of the computer, or comes to school just to play with it. She sometimes became violent when someone tried to pull her away. I hate seeing my friends like this, but most of the time I hate how I watch it happen. Innocent in the beginning. She likes a certain website on the Internet. It gets scary at times when she talks to me about it and has apparently been playing it all night. If you are reading this story and thinking this will never happen to me, you are wrong. I thought the same thing when I checked the site that got her started. Thankfully, I stopped my addiction before it got serious, but many others like @PERSON1 can and will be absorbed by computers. A lot of readers are reading this right now and should understand how dangerous this is, read here, "@CAPS3!  ….@CAPS3! …I'm talking to you!" That's your family while you're using your computer when trying to talk to you. No, computers are so engaging that you can't even stand talking to your own family. My mom does this many times a day to get my attention and end up calling my phone or calling me. That's really just sadness. By doing this, you also become detached, which is never a good thing. The more you neglect your family because of the computer, the less connected you will be and the less your life will be. Computers are amazing, but the reduction in physical activity is very unhealthy and it happens quickly. Computers are also dangerous and many people become addicted. The more you chat with strangers in chat rooms, the less you have to talk to your family. Computers are the devil's tool. They are sure to destroy you, reader. Always be careful, computers are not what they seem.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 2 out of 10 people spend time on a computer. I believe people shouldn't spend a lot of time on their computer @CAPS3 because it hurts their eyes. They @MONTH1 watch inappropriate videos or pictures. In the end, their bills will keep getting higher and higher. Did you know that a lot of people spend their time on the computer? Well, I don't think they should be sitting on their eyes. When you sit and look at the computer, your eyes start to hurt. Then when you go to check your eyes, the doctor may give you a pair of glasses. My second reason is that people go to inappropriate websites and watch inappropriate videos. Once my friend was sitting at the computer and when her dad found out about it she started watching inappropriate videos @CAPS3 and he canceled their internet. Can you imagine the high bills? Why spend so much @CAPS3 time on your computer when you can just turn it off and spend time with your friends. For example, don't sit at the computer @CAPS3 but go outside and play football, football, etc. In conclusion, people should stop spending a lot of time on the computer @CAPS3. Computers can hurt your eyes if you sit too much. Someone at @MONTH1 watched an inappropriate video. Your bills will also get higher and higher. In my opinion, people need different activities to keep them away from the computer. I hope you agree with me.
Dear local paper, I think having a computer is a good thing for three reasons. First, they help people learn by finding information in different places. Second, help people use @CAPS2 to talk to friends and family. Finally, they can help people reduce stress by playing computer games. Learning is important, and with a computer, you can learn faster. Computers can help you see faraway places like @LOCATION1. Learning on a computer is much easier than going to the library to borrow books. If you are working on a project and you need some final information, you can go to the computer and search for your subject. Learning on a computer is much more convenient than learning on @CAPS1. Another reason computers are good is that you can use something called @CAPS2 to talk to friends and family from afar. @CAPS2 allows someone to use a computer to talk to another person. These people can live on the other side of the block, or halfway around the world. My cousin lived in Spain for a semester at university. I've played with her many times. The cool thing about @CAPS2 is that you can see exactly who you're talking to on your computer screen. @CAPS2 is a great way to keep in touch with family and friends far away. My last reason is that a computer can lower your stress level by playing games. Computer games are fun to play. Their games range from the word @CAPS3 @CAPS4 to @CAPS5 @CAPS6 Beauty Barn. Computer games are a great way to reduce stress because instead of keeping yourself busy with work, you can use computer games to calm yourself down. They also offer educational games. For example, which country is which. This game teaches you geoagrahy while you have fun. Owning a computer is a great thing. They can help you learn about distant places, talk to people who live far away, and play fun computer games. Computers will always be used and never wasted. When you use a computer, there is always something to do.
Dear newspaper people, I am concerned that people spend too much time on the computer as this can lead to trouble, violence and illegal crime. First of all, I'm worried about people spending too much time on the computer because it will cause trouble and people who are @LOCATION1 in @DATE2, @PERCENT1 @DATE1 will do bad things like start rumors and speak ill of people they despise , on @DATE1, @PERCENT2 @DATE1 Teenagers aged @NUM1 are surrounded by rumors. This is not good for all children. All of these reasons lead to @NUM2 below. Second, I'm worried that people spend too much time on the computer because it causes violence, because @DATE1's cause starts in @NUM3 segment, if this continues, then @MONTH1 & leads to violence, where people die on @DATE1 @NUM4 for all online crimes. Found @NUM5 threats online from large sites like @CAPS1, @CAPS2, and @CAPS3. Lastly, I'm concerned about people spending too much time on the computer as it can lead to illegal crime, a girl chatting with a boy online on @DATE3 and then when they decided to meet up he shot her. Turns out he was just a liar online, @CAPS4 on an online site where a bunch of @DATE1 men are talking about how they hate kids so much right now that they decided to shoot them at their bus stop. Thank God the police caught them before they committed their crimes. In conclusion, I am concerned that people spend too much time on the computer because it leads to trouble, violence and illegal crime. This @CAPS5 totally needs to stop before everyone gets addicted to spreading rumors. Thank you for taking the time to read this letter
Dear reader, now everyone has a computer. This can be a good thing, but mostly unnatural. People can now do things they couldn't do before; when people move, they don't need to send each other letters and have to wait days for an answer. Now they just have to log in to Target, Facebook or myspace. Then they can talk in time. But that's just the good stuff here is bad. People spend less time outside, they don't watch any butes anymore. We no longer spend time with our friends. I don't even remember the last time I had a face-to-face conversation with soemone if it wasn't necessary. People on the Internet can do whatever they want. You @MONTH1 said that was a good thing. right? Then the answer is no! People can hack almost anything. People can cyberbully others without anyone knowing who the other person is. People can also be whoever they want online. Assuming I'm @NUM1 and I want to keep track of so few @NUM2 years old, I can also pretend I'm ten and pretend to be friends with ten year olds. When I found enough information, I was able to find the ten-year-old. Before people couldn't do it. If people start seeing what's happening with our presence, more people will stop being pinned to their computers by @NUM3. People will start reducing the time they spend on the computer and start living. Take action! Take notes! Start spreading the word!
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 What would you like to do in your spare time? Would you go outside to @CAPS3 and play soccer with your kids, or grab a bag of chips and log into Facebook or your email? The question is whether computers have a negative or positive effect on people. I believe computers have negative effects. Talking to friends on the computer doesn't allow you to learn social skills. Playing on the computer is also very addictive. Finally, it's away from all the workouts you need. I @CAPS4, after careful consideration, you will agree with me that computers have a negative effect on people. Facebook, ichat and email are all fun and easy ways to chat with your friends and family online. But have you really gained any social skills by doing this? Talking to friends and family online won't help you develop good social skills. When you meet someone for the first time, you probably want to @CAPS4 @CAPS2 what to say and how to act. Typing on a keyboard doesn't really allow you to interact with people. @CAPS6 Not inviting people over, or going out for lunch with the family? Computers are also addictive. I can say to myself that once I log into the computer, I probably won't be resting for the next few hours. So do many others. Playing on the computer is addicting. Il @CAPS4 Not everyone uses a computer every day, the vast majority do. When I'm on facebook, I see that the number of people online is a hundred or even two hundred, and over time the number will increase. Addictive computer leads to getting enough exercise. Doctors say adults and children should exercise at least an hour a day. Going to the computer will take this time away. Instead of sitting at the computer for an hour, you can get hours of your workout. A lot of times when someone @CAPS5 sits at their computer they bring a snack. This just adds to the fact that @CAPS6 exercise is important for staying healthy. I @CAPS4 I feel better if I go for a run instead of going to the computer. You might be saying you have time to manage both, but some people would rather exercise. Does @CAPS2 set an example like this when these people see you on the computer? If everyone limited their time on the computer, we would all feel better and be more social. I'm sure you'll agree with me that computers have a negative impact on people.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 People find the clicks and clicks of computers annoying. What they don't realize is that they are helping young people's lives and making it easier for them, and they can do the same for them. That's why computers have a great influence on people. First, if computers are just helping people get to know each other better, then they're not a bad thing. You always see ads for dating sites and other stuff like that. Did you know that @PERCENT1 couples meet online. That's a lot, and think that if it weren't for computers, they would never be. Second, computers provide a great deal of entertainment. There are more than @NUM1 online computer games. Which @CAPS2 is also free. I bet almost every kid has played a game on the internet before. Come to think of it, your kids might be in trouble, or safe at home playing on the computer. You might be thinking that computers sound so naive and childish. Well, computers are more than entertainment and games. They provide a lot of information. They are great for programs for school teens, but they also benefit adults in many ways. It provides information about vacations, hotels, ext. Computers now also have videos on how to do things like how to do it and other useful information. So, as you can see, the computer is more than a pain. They help bring people together, provide entertainment and provide very useful information. think about it. One day, a computer might save your life. Computers help people in their daily lives, and they can help you too.
Recently, a technology boom has swept the world. Wherever you look, whether at home, at school, at work, or on the street, you'll see people texting, calling, blogging, and other computer-related things. This involves some people. They argue that these generations are overly reliant on computers and don't spend enough time outdoors exercising or socializing. But this is where they go wrong. These experts are too harsh on computers because not everyone is distracted in front of a glass screen and sucked into the outside world. @CAPS9, most of these "computer geeks" use computers for useful things, but also for entertainment, computers also help society reconnect with long-lost friends, and even provide routes to well-known restaurants. As you can see, computers haven't turned us all into zombies. Computers are sometimes seen as a nuisance. Parents complained they had to drag their sons and daughters off the screen multiple times for dinner or a football game that started NUM1 minutes ago. But you see, that doesn't mean it's bad. Everyone is on the computer. "Even though my dad complained about my performance on @CAPS1 too much," @PERSON1, @ORGANIZATION1 said. "@CAPS2 forgets that @CAPS2 has one of his own." This is a different example from many other parents of students. Adults around @PERCENT1 admit they too are caught up in new fads like @CAPS1, @CAPS4 and @CAPS5. So why do we need these things? What makes them so important to us? The answer is simple, it makes us feel connected. Then again, if you think about it, maybe it's not that simple. Many people have different opinions on why computers are so important to them, but most agree that friends are an important factor. "Everyone is online." @PERSON2, Computer Technician, informs. "@CAPS6 all your friends are doing something, don't you want to?" @CAPS7, as that famous quote, @CAPS8 your friends jumped off the bridge, would you? , your mind flashed let me answer you - @CAPS9. Connecting and diving into the abyss are completely different concepts. When you find a friend from high school or just a friend from school, you're happy @CAPS7 You can talk to them face to face again - or computer screen to computer screen - again. Last but not least, a computer is a great resource. While some have complained, others are using what it has to offer to find direction on events or facts for your next report. This is how sites like @ORGANIZATION2 make billions from words typed into search engines. Facts and places from a computer are like gems waiting to be discovered. In conclusion, it's easy to see why computers and their resources are so popular. Everyone uses it for different things and different hobbies. Some are for pure entertainment, some are for information, and some are for reconnection. My personal favorite is to find the real treasures of hidden bands, fantastic bands that @CAPS9 even knows. So, that's why I believe computers will have a positive impact on the world.
Dier: Newspapers I think computers are useful and important. Computers are good because you are entertaining, informative and super awesome. I love all the cool videos on youudud and the old people are reading the news. You can also send mail, which is the easiest. Then sand a regular envelope. Waiting days or even weeks depends on whether you're alive or not, but with email it can get there in seconds, rightly so. Computer dependent populace can send inpotan messages to all populace on poles and military and use internet on computer to control daily surveillance like @CAPS1.AV of military or police. I may have a computer myself to study slots in schools like math and history, but neither computer is a good guy. Some people can hack into other computers and steel enter information and mess up your life it can affect your house online players spend countless hours playing it allows you to play games and spend less time with your friends and friends Playing together so eight weekends and required glasses, computer I complateley instead of newspapers.
Many people think that computers are not a good thing. They believe that people spend a lot of time on the computer and exercise less. They also worry that looking at the screen might damage your eyes. These statements may be true. I believe that computers are beneficial. You can talk to people from other places. You can learn about the rest of the world. You can also use a computer to research topics. First, on the computer you can talk to people. Either via webcam or one of the networks to @LOCATION1 and chat with each other. On your computer, you can chat and talk to people without making phone calls and paying bills. For example, I have family in another country and one way we often talk is on the computer. We chat and chat on webcams. It's really expensive to call someone in another country. If I didn't have a computer then I wouldn't have that much connection with the @CAPS2 family from another country. In addition, you can use the computer to watch abroad. Many people, including @CAPS2 parents, use computers to view and read information from other countries. @CAPS2 Mom, whenever @CAPS1 is planning a vacation, look up the country we're going to and get more info. Like @DATE1 we went to an exotic place, @CAPS2 mom looked it up to see what we should take there. If it weren't for the computer, we might pack the wrong item. Finally, computers are a great source of research. I can't tell you how many times I've done research with a computer. Books and encyclopedias are great resources, but computers have so much to offer. You have many links and sites that you can visit. You can find pictures, videos, maps and more. I've used a computer for research several times, sometimes requiring you to research some websites for your project at school or elsewhere. If you have a computer at home, you can develop your computer skills for school. Computers are something more positive than negative. You can talk to people without paying expensive phone bills. You can learn about other places and cultures. Also, you can use it for research purposes. Computer @CAPS3!
For those @MONTH1 who care, I think computers are great in most people's lives. You can use them for almost everything. Two computers are good for you in many ways. It should not interfere with the daily schedule or just being with the family. One can use the computer for almost everything because there are hundreds of websites on the computer. For example, you can play various games, chat with people, listen to music, watch videos, find places, and more. Computers are very useful in many different ways. Computers are good for you too. They help your eyes coordinate. You can also go online to practice math, social studies, and more. There are also a lot of educational games on the internet that whitening is good for those with extra help. It also helps you with handwriting, since on a computer you need to know how to type. You're really good at it, you can type without looking. A computer can't do anything in your daily schedule or between you and your family. Because a computer is a computer, if you need something, you can keep using it, or you just keep using it for fun, for example, I have a computer at my house and people use it every day, it never affects What everyone does, our kids still go to school, my parents still go to work, we eat dinner together, we do what we have to do, and the computer never gets in our way. As my conclusion, I know it's a good thing to have computers in people's homes. You can use them for almost everything. Two computers are good for you. 3 I should not interfere with your schedule in any way.
Dear press people, I think computers are great because if I have a family member out of town and you want to keep in touch and I don't have a phone then I can keep chatting online and staying with them. When @CAPS1 is bored, I google and play some games. You can look up an idea and find something else, but it will sting your eyes. The computer is fine, you go there and it can look for a project for the school. Bur ween you're in school, it helps you with spelling, if you know wat contrey the most, @CAPS2 will find ancer quickly. Computers are improving every year. Seat @CAPS2 is just a screen and a mouse, now that we have laptops, you can use them. People can exercise as needed and can enjoy nature with their laptops. But when you're exercising, you can go straight to youtube to watch some music and watch funny videos. That's why I think computers are good.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, I am writing this letter to express my views on the impact of computers on people. Three of them: @CAPS4 theft, cyberbullying, addition. Now I will write a paragraph separately. I think the number one reason why computers don't work well is. @CAPS4 Theft of @CAPS5.SA Many of the identities were stolen by listing private information online (computers), which could leave the person in debt. How will we encourage people to use computers when they are at risk of @CAPS4 being stolen. If this happens to innocent people, it needs to stop, we can't encourage this kind of online behavior, so say no to computers. I know it's really interesting to get to know people from different countries, but they have some drawbacks. Chat online with people you don't know and have never met, meet in person, they can impersonate celebrities and bully you for their fun. It turns out that when kids and even adults are cyberbullied, it can lead them down a path of depression and even suicide. Now I feel stupid giving up your life for a computer. So again I said no to the computer. The last reason I say no to computers is because people get addicted to the excitement of computers and eventually lead to separation from friends and family because you get lost in the computer world and forget about your hygiene and some people even forget to eat. This thing they call a computer is a drug, a drug that makes you forget reality and everything you've ever thought of and takes you into the computer world. I say no to computers. I've given you my opinion and three reasons for why I feel this way, which is @CAPS4 theft, cyberbullying, addiction. Reject @NUM1 computers.
Dear newspaper, I very much agree with the computer experts. Those who support technological progress believe that computers have a positive impact on people. They say computers have taught us hand-eye coordination, enabled people to learn from far-flung places, and even allowed people to converse with others online. These effects are real, but there are many other bad effects that they don't want to talk about. Computers also affect people's vision because you're really close to the screen, and computers are really addicting to a lot of people all over the world, and getting them to do anything doesn't get a lot of people into a big problem right now, which is obesity. Computers also tend to take a lot of time from people's lives. My view is that while computers have some positive effects on people, you can change those positive effects in a better way that allows you to adapt and see places with your eyes, just like you can practice hand-eye coordination by simply making friends and Pass the tennis ball back and forth quickly while working out. A computer will also allow you to talk to your friends online, but if they're far away, why not talk to them over the phone? If they live nearby, why not go outside for some fresh air? Why not talk to them in person. Or, if you want to learn about some faraway place, why not visit this place. You can do a lot of what a computer can do, and do it better. But I'm not saying computers are bad at all. I agree that there are good and bad effects on computers and most things in the world we live in. In my opinion, I honestly think the bad effects are more than the good effects on the computer.
Personally I don't think people should spend that much time on the computer. One reason people shouldn't spend too much time on the computer is that people spend too much time on the computer and not enough time exercising. Another reason is because people are not enjoying nature. Finally, my last reason is that people spend less time interacting with family and friends. My number one reason why people shouldn't spend so much time on the computer is because they spend more time on the computer than they do exercise. If people just sit in front of the computer, they end up getting fat. People should run or go to the gym, not play on the computer. Even if you have your own equipment at home to exercise, it's better than not doing any exercise on the computer. If people spent as much time exercising as they did on the computer, the average person would lose a lot of weight. Another reason people shouldn't spend too much time on the computer is that people are spending less and less time enjoying nature. People should be outside to get some fresh air, not stay inside all day looking at a computer. I personally would rather play baseball outside and get fit and get fat on the computer. Even if you look at nature through your commute, it's still not the same because you're not actually experiencing it yourself. If only people spent as much time enjoying nature as they did on their computers. We will live in a healthier and cleaner word. I think the last reason people spend so much time on the computer is because they spend less time interacting with family and friends. People can be in a dark room all day, cut off from everyone they come by, just because they're on a computer. It's not right to me because they report him spending quality time with friends and family instead of spending time on the computer. If a person spends all their time on the computer, everyone they care about will gradually slip away, even if they don't know it. As you can see, it would be much better if people spent more time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends, rather than spending more time on the computer. Even if you don't already spend a lot of time on your computer, you will gradually spend more and more time on it every day until eventually you just need it.
Dear @CAPS1, this letter tells you my thoughts on computers. Yes, people do spend a lot of time on computers because computers are very useful in many ways. Computers help us with work, school, work, and more. such as science. I'm in @NUM1 grade. My teacher @PERSON1 gives us homework; every @DATE1 we have to do @ORGANIZATION1 is @NUM2 facts about whatever you want to write. Lots of people look up bears on @ORGANIZATION2 and they assign bears. work; in our school covert activities secreatenes always have to use computers for everything and teachers use computers for attendance, grading. They check you, attendance, grades, phone numbers, and schedule. Communication, my dad's computer from @LOCATION1 and our home computer. We talked to find out what their past was and got an update. Like a week ago when I was chatting with my cousin she told me her dog has @NUM3 puppies. I also use a computer at home to order food. My uncle went to ticketmaster.com and he booked two tickets for wwe. He also ordered a flight on his computer to @LOCATION1. Well, my point is that people use computers a lot because they are very helpful in so many ways. Just being in the computer is not good, it's better to be outside enjoying nature, living your life and exercising not only to stay in shape but also for your health. @CAPS1 Hope you like and understand my views on computers. Thank you for taking the time to read I really appreciate it.
Dear local @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS1 from @LOCATION1, recently I noticed that some citizens of @ORGANIZATION1 have used computers and laptops many times, some say @CAPS2 is a waste of time they can enjoy with family and friends from far away friends and family. @CAPS2 helps research and study @ORGANIZATION1 thnigs and @CAPS2 helps people relax. Modern and dissenting people enjoy some family and friends living so far away that you can't talk to them in person. There are always hot emails, facebook and @ORGANIZATION2 to call or write to them that are easier to use. When you call you don't know if yours is there for them to call or if their bug @CAPS2 takes too long and you @CAPS2 better stay and keep sending and knowing you don't @CAPS2 helps with advertising and sales. It can sometimes be unrealistic because anyone can change anything on the site. However, not everything online is like this. Stay away from panic and things, they will come some people find internet @CAPS2 maybe from work or website. There are fun games and conversations In research, the internet helps people in @PERCENT1 to relax and calm down after using @CAPS5 for a long time, which helps relieve stress when using a computer or laptop. Computers can help in many ways. There are other practical things. Plus, wherever you go, you'll find the internet.
Dear newspaper, in our town more people use computers every day. Some people say that you can do a lot on the computer and talk to people. However, I don't think our towns should support technological progress. You'll have more time to exercise, talk face-to-face with family and friends, and take part in various activities in town. Do you want to be overweight and not in shape? Well, if you sit in front of your computer all day every day, you're going to be like that. "I think exercise should be part of everyone's day," said @PERSON1, teacher @CAPS1 from @LOCATION1. You'll be so attached to your computer that you won't be able to exercise. In the state of @LOCATION1, prove that the residents of @PERCENT1 are overweight due to inactivity and @PERCENT2 are overweight due to poor diet. This shows that there are more people in @LOCATION1 who don't exercise than people who don't eat properly. @CAPS4 Want to be overweight, you can change it! Every year more people make facebook and @CAPS2 @CAPS3. Some kids at school spend all day chatting online with friends who live on the street. Students refuse to talk to friends on the phone. Instead, they do it online. "@CAPS4 can understand the tone of their message," @PERSON3 said. You can interpret it in different ways. When you're on the phone, it's a quick and easy way to communicate without waiting for someone to hit back. If you're someone who uses a computer a lot, plan to have real-life conversations with your friends. Sidewalk sales, clubs, sports teams, holiday walks, these are the activities every town has to offer! Instead of sitting down and dreaming of joining the team, go out and do it! Every town cares about its inhabitants and wants them to have fun. That's why towns offer these activities. "@CAPS5 wants to make the town fun and let everyone get to know each other," @CAPS6 @CAPS7 @PERSON2 said. If you take part in these activities, you will meet other kids of the same age in town. If your town offers all these activities, they are helping you. It's much better to go out and help the people in town than to sit at home and play on the computer! In many ways, advancing technology or not, why not do anything but talk to people? Go talk to them in real life. Getting in shape, talking to real life people and the activities your town has to offer is the right thing to do. thank you for your concern
Dear, @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 Does life affect you if you don't have a computer? I firmly believe that computers have had a huge impact on people all over the world. It helps you work at work and at school. Computers can also help students and adults converse with people. Many people want to go somewhere, but they don't know what the place is like or where it is. Using a computer, you can find all this information. Read into the minds of students and see what we have to say about the topic. With a computer, your work or school will be much easier. Just imagine, without computers, people would need to hand write every paper, which we all know could take hours. When you type an essay for school, you spell check and then you know everything is correct. If you write a paper by hand, chances are that some words are misspelled. Getting work done on the computer is faster, so you have more time for other things, like hanging out with friends. If you write a paper in a hurry, the person reading it will have a hard time figuring out what it is saying, and on a computer your work is always neat. You can email your creation to a friend or save it to your computer. You need to change something for the paper, which is faster than rewriting the whole paper. The computer doesn't affect me in horrible ways because it helps me get things done faster. Computers help people communicate with other people. By having a computer, people can talk to other people. In many schools, students ask their friends questions about homework. Without computers, people wouldn't be able to ask questions and end up getting it wrong. I love hanging out with my friends and in order to do that you have to make a plan. When you're on the computer, you can go to facebook, and if they're there, talk to them about what they're trying to do that night. It's much easier than looking up their number and calling. A lot of people around the world have old school friends who want to keep in touch. Now that they have computers, they have no problem. You can finally find where you want to go. A lot of people in this world like to travel on the computer, you can look up a map and see the shortest path to that place, you want to go, you'll see if they can get there easily, that's probably not where he drove to. I don't want to go to a place that looks unobtrusive. Now I can find "everything I want to know about that place" on the website. If a place is @NUM1 hours away, I don't want to go that far, so I need to know if a place is close to where I live, and the computer will really tell you a lot about it and the weather. I use computers for almost everything I do. Our minds come to our minds about how computers affect us today. We can make it easier to work, talk to other people, and get information on where you want to visit someone. Computers are a very reliable source for me and if you don't agree with me you have a lot to lose.
Dear @CITY1 Currently, I am writing to you about people spending a lot of time on the computer and not being able to get along with other people like family, friends and others. Also, people are getting information from computers, which is a good thing for an important paper or collage you might have to do to get into that collage. Another reason is that people become a bit lazy and can't enjoy sports and fresh air. For more information, I'll explain what it means to be with family and friends. For example, let's say your friend is planning a big beach party that everyone will be at. So you tell your friends to come and pick you up, but before they come you go to the computer to chat with people you know, your friends come to your house to pick you up, but you are not for them, they pass by and you don't come the next day The school said you missed the party. So this is any story, it might look long, so I'm shortening the next part, which is about computers. The enemy example Let's say you do you on paper. Just need you more. You find a place where you continue to find good written down computer completed papers get grades that's a good feeling happy ending. So that's the only good consequence of why computers are good. For some reason, some people stay indoors in front of their computers, while others go out on a warm day. So what are your reasons, if you talk badly to other people, if you are worried that your pictures are good, then my space, what are the other benefits of Facebook, it's important that you stay awake. I want to do my best. So that's why my computer is good and bad, because to exercise, you need to be with friends
I believe that computers are good for society. Computers help with hand-eye coordination, they can easily understand different places and allow people to talk and video chat. Computers teach hand-eye coordination while typing, and eventually you become so good that you don't have to look down at the keyboard. You can search for anything on the internet, and if you want to know about a country, you can search for it and find out all the new things you didn't know before. Maybe you want to go to another country for vacation and can't decide which country to go to, you can check the tourist attractions in those countries on your computer and decide which country you want to go to. If you are on vacation or live in a different place than you and want to see them, you can video chat with them from your computer. That's why I think computers are good for our society.
Dear editor, have you ever been able to focus on anything else because you know something so badly? Have you ever tried to look up that message and say "Aha!" for a moment? What do you use to search for this knowledge? You may have used a computer. All you need to do is enter your request, hit "enter" and viola! Your screen is filled with choices of information sites. Computers help many people solve everyday problems. Our country has become smarter because of computers. You can chat with friends across states, countries and even around the world. With every mouse click, there is something new to learn. You can even use your computer for personal entertainment. Computers present the world with many opportunities that need to be tapped. When I was four, my best friend moved to Florida. I am destroyed. At first, we tried to write to everyone. Then, as we get older, get busier, or stop connecting with each other. As technology and computers have advanced, my friends and I have been texting, emailing, and instant messaging. It makes our long distance friendships easier and closer. Because of the computer, you can communicate with friends you thought you haven't seen in a long time. You can also meet new people through one of the many sites available. How would you like to talk to someone along the way @LOCATION2? World Communications has also opened up many business opportunities. Because of the recession, computers will open up workspaces, help college students study for future careers, and hopefully help improve the lives of many. Many things require communication to make our world a better place. Instead of going to a noisy arcade, play exciting games in the privacy of your own space. Any game you can think of can probably be found on @CAPS1. From simple card games to advanced shifting games, there's something for any age and difficulty level. New, some @MONTH1 think all kids do is sit in front of a computer and play games. There will be some people who refuse to go out, spend time with friends or just read outside. There must be such a person. I have no idea. All we can do is all those who refuse to go out. I know many people spend and budget their time wisely and still have a great time. We can also encourage children to use exercise routines on their computers and video games to improve their health. There are many fun and games that can help you become a better, healthier person while having fun. The computers in our homes are now equipped with so much information that if you try to enter it all, you will be overwhelmed. @ORGANIZATION1, a popular search engine that enables you to find anything you want to know, from the Vice President's birthday to the price of eggs in @LOCATION4 to the width of @LOCATION1, all with the click of a button. This knowledge is very helpful for homework. Most reference books are outdated and the information is inaccurate, but computers are updated so frequently that you always have all the facts. I think our country is smarter because of computers. So whether you want to chat with a long-lost friend in @LOCATION2 or an Osprey expert in @LOCATION3, you can find the answer on your computer. In the meantime, play a few exciting games and learn about the best movies released by @DATE1. Have fun and learn a lot!
Dear Newspaper @CAPS1, @CAPS2 People are using computers now. However, everyone has the right to express their opinion about them. Some people don't like them, and there are people like me who like them. Computers allow you to communicate faster, you can play various games from @CAPS3, it provides information. Nine out of ten people like what a computer can do for them. Unlike sending and writing letters to people, instant messaging is a faster and easier way to talk to others. Sending and receiving letters can take days or weeks, while instant messaging only takes seconds! Even better, it's @CAPS3! Instant messaging isn't the only way you communicate with friends or family, there are video chats too. Video chatting is like making a phone call, but you can also see who's talking to. You can video chat with people from another country and guess what? This is also @CAPS3! It can be expensive when you make long distance calls, but video chat won't cost you a penny! Computers are not only good for communication, but also for playing fun and interesting games! Everyone loves to play games, whether you are one year old or eighty-two. There are @CAPS2 sites on the internet, and among them are gaming sites. Most gaming sites have virtual games where you can play @CAPS3 online! There is one player, two players and the party. This means you can play alone, with friends or with the whole family. Everyone is there and has a time. Also, the computer may be for entertainment and you use it for work. @CAPS2 info. At your fingertips, like your personal library at home! Whether you're researching a project or just wanting to be informed, the internet can help you with any topic. All you have to do is search for the topic you need, whether it's cooking a certain dish, understanding space, trying to spell words, or anything else you can think of, and it'll give you, and again, @CAPS3! In conclusion, computers are useful for @CAPS2 things, these are just a few examples. I hope you see computers the way I and millions of others do. As you can see, computers have improved the lives of @CAPS2 humans.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, I Computers is a new technology that keeps getting better and better. It can do many things like help you learn new things and meet new/old friends. Some even do online education. There are a lot of people who like the computer is the game. Computers are a great benefit to us, both useful and fun. Computers can teach us many new and exciting things. There can also be a lot to learn. The things you can learn on a computer are places, people, animals, plants, food, etc. I once had to find a recipe for Carmel apples, for which I used a computer. Some people use computers for education. There are online colleges and online high schools. It's like a new way of homeschooling. Not everyone can go to the big @CAPS1, so it's easier for them to use online colleges. Also, let's say you're working on a project and you need information instead of rushing to the library, you can use a computer and find it. You can do a lot of other things on your computer, like visit some friends. Friends, everyone has friends, either new or old. Before computers, if you wanted to talk to your friends, you had to send letters. Using a computer, you can now send letters faster than ever before. It's now called email. You just enter what you want and click .. to send it to your friends. Not everyone uses email, some use instant messaging. An example is aiming or meebo. I moved here from @LOCATION1 and I have some friends I rarely see. I bet a lot of people have the same problem. With a computer, you can now see people! Chat and see them. For example @ORGANIZATION2 is a way to let your friends see this . It's an easy and fun way to keep in touch with friends and even family. There is so much more that computers can do. Another thing it can do is play video games. They're so much fun to play, I'm talking about video games. Kids even teens and adults love it. You can play online games when you are bored. Alternatively, you can buy and play the game. They are fun and entertaining! Even very young children can play the game. Sometimes you can even play online with your friends through online games. I know when I'm bored, I play a game called @CAPS2 @NUM1 on my computer. Computers are great, and there's so much more you can do than what I'm doing. I hope I have convinced or shown you how computers can benefit us humans.
According to @PERSON1, the economy @CAPS1, every hour you spend on your computer increases your electricity bill @MONEY2. @CAPS2 spends an average of @NUM1 hours per day on the computer. I believe spending too much time on the computer can be a bad thing. You'll lose financially because of your electricity bills, your health because you can't exercise as much, and less community because you won't spend as much in your community. Financial loss is a concern for many. If everyone spends @NUM2 hours less on their computer, they can save @MONEY1 on electricity bills. In a survey, @NUM3 out of @MONEY1 @NUM4 people said they would do anything to save money. So if they spend less time on the computer, they'll save @MONEY1 a lot of money. In addition to financial losses, there are health concerns. A lot of people are talking about how Americans are getting fat. @MONEY1 Part of this is due to spending too much time on the computer. Professor @CAPS3 @MONEY1 @ORGANIZATION1 said, "Obesity in @LOCATION1 is a problem that will be solved if people spend less time on the computer and more time exercising." @CAPS4, @NUM5 out @ MONEY1 @NUM6 people are obese. If everyone spends @NUM2 hours less on the computer, it becomes @NUM1 instead of @MONEY1 @NUM6. While health is an issue, community is a bigger issue. People don't talk face to face anymore. They're all talking about @CAPS5 or @CAPS6. Communities spend less time in real life than on computers. Human behavior expert @PERSON1 says that when people spend less time on the computer, they spend more time together. The truth is, when people spend more time together, they have more fun. So, I would say that spending less time on the computer is good for our community. It will provide financial, health and community benefits. These are important things that we lack if we spend too much time on the computer.
I don't believe that computers are good for society. Many people spend their entire lives on the computer instead of exercising, going out with friends, or spending time with family. @NUM1? The @CAPS1 agree that they spend at least @NUM2 hours a day on their computers. This is unnecessary. Why is there so much obesity in the world now? Because @CAPS3 is missing. Who is #@NUM3 cul? Of course it's a computer. To keep more people healthy, there needs to be a lot of @CAPS3. How much @CAPS3 do they really get when someone can sit and click the mouse or enter keys all day? Also, there are many different diseases in the world. @PERCENT1 inf would agree, with more @CAPS3, these sometimes painful ailments can be avoided. Too many people choose to over-exercise their computers, which is causing them many health problems that could have been easily avoided. Second, everyone will agree that friends are essential in life. But now people talk to their friends online or in computer games instead of going to them. There is also a lot of stuff online that often ruins friendships. Also, you can make new friends or make as many new friends as you want online. @CAPS2 You made more friends and it made life better. Finally, don't you want your family to be you? Well, that's one of the many effects of @CAPS2 family members coming together that could erode their power as a family. In addition, husbands and wives cannot talk frequently, often leading to separation or divorce. This can leave kids deciding between the whole family and @CAPS3, where friends and family are essential in life, and computers put these at risk. So take a stand and end this reign forever and stop using your computer before it's too late.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 I have heard some experts say that people spend too much time on the computer when they can work out or be with friends and family. On the other hand, I don't think so. Computers are a great way to learn and communicate with others for the following reasons: @CAPS3 Above all, I would say how much computers help us in school. Most students use them every day. We can learn to test by looking for websites that have a lot of information, and we can also study topics we don't understand. For example, if you want to know how planets formed, you can simply enter it into a search engine and a list of websites will pop up. Another way we use computers at school is when we have to make projects. We can use different tools to set up slideshows and also look up information on the Internet. Finally, the Internet is also a way for teachers to communicate with students. If a teacher sets up a blog, students can always see what the class is doing, what the assignments are, and find cool links that can help them better understand certain topics. Another point I want to make is that experts say computers take away time from us with family and friends, when in fact the opposite is true, computers actually take communication to a whole new level. For example, if you want to chat with an old friend, you can just log into msn or aim and find out what's new in their life. The second way to communicate with friends is through @ORGANIZATION1, a cheap and easy way to connect with friends abroad. Next, you can go a little more old-fashioned and just write an email. It took longer to get an answer, but it was still worth the wait in the end. Finally, for parents whose children live far away, video chat is also a great way to communicate as you will be able to see them and hear them. Finally, I want to tell you how much we can learn by using computers. You can go to a search engine and search for any topic in the world and you are sure to find hundreds of results. It doesn't matter what your interests are, because you can always find great information. The internet can also keep you up to date with recent news, such as the weather. Next, there are websites that allow you to ask questions and get answers just as fast. You may want to check your sources to make sure they are reliable, but I believe it's still worth it. Finally, if you're ready to travel, you can click the button to view flight information. Or maybe you need to know the weather, there are plenty of websites that do that. There are also websites that can help you understand where you will be staying. Next time, think twice about what you hear about computers, because they're not that bad for you. Sometimes it's better to hang out at @MONTH1, but computers do help you learn and communicate with other people, just as important.
Dear local paper, I also agree that computers have a positive effect on people. I agree with this because computers can teach people things. People can also talk to each other and believe/create whatever they want. Computers have a positive effect on people because I believe computers can teach people a lot. Computers can visualize children and things outside. I know when I was younger, I used to play math and science games on the computer to help me study for exams. Computers can also help adults and their work. I don't know what half the adults in the world would do without a computer. If you think about all the work happening today, @CAPS1 is also computer. such as email. What some businesses will do. Don't have an email? Adults also like to check the website for news and learn about sports. We can all learn a lot from computers, there are a lot of people @CAPS1 who do their work on computers. We learn something every day, and with a computer, we can make it kind. Computers are also good for chatting email online, and now even with a camera you can talk face to face with people all over the world at all. I know that thanks to the camera and microphone built into the computer, because now I can talk to all my friends and family and see them without having to travel and hear them at the click of a button sound. There are now some sites @CAPS1 streaming online to @NUM1 individuals via camera or microphone. Something like this helps a lot for some people. Thinking about all those who are related, what not, @CAPS1 getting off the computer really helps. Finally, all @CAPS1 people who took their imaginations away from the computer, all those who put these thoughts and feelings into the computer. I know a lot of people who type in their feelings because they would never dare to say it out loud. Now imagine if the computer disappeared? That's my take on what people say about things like computers. Everything is useful, everything has at least some kind of positive effect. So @CAPS2 In my opinion, computers do have a positive impact on the world.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 Do you think computers are easy to use? More and more people are using computers, but not everyone agrees that it's good for society, I don't. My first reason is because the computer is not secure. My second reason is that computers will give you a lot of trouble. My @CAPS3 reason is that you never know what's going to happen on your computer. Read on to see why I disagree. First @CAPS4 will tell you why I disagree. The reason I disagree is because computers are not secure, because you can have someone track where you live, and then what? Second - computers can get you into a lot of trouble, like posting things online or saying mean things to people. The next computer sucks because if someone likes you and you say I don't like you, they might post something malicious and hurtful and then if your friends see it , you might get mad. Finally - concussions are the whole reason I think computers are bad. You never know what will happen on a computer with a website, some might launch a virus on your computer. Also I think computers are bad, because computers are bad, so keep your kids away from computers. Also be careful chu @CAPS2.
I went into my living room. I saw my brother on the computer chatting with his friends on Facebook. I think myself he was always on the computer and never had any school reasons. People always say we don't need computers, and I personally agree with that statement. In the town of @ORGANIZATION1, most people have computers. If you don't have a computer to find stuff, you have to go to the library and check out the bank. Just another @DATE1, my friend @PERSON1 went to the library to read a book about the @CAPS1 culter. He loves that book, he reads it in @DATE1 and out @DATE1, and he reads it to write a book report on a different culture. When he handed @DATE1 to the teacher, the teacher looked happy @CAPS2 when he arrived in the classroom, he had a @NUM1 when she returned the test to him. He doesn't use the internet, your computer doesn't move like a book, and if you want to know something while traveling in your car, you can't plug in your computer like a book and use it. Also, books are generally more fun to read. No computer can sum up more things like exercise. My friends and I played football, basketball, baseball, soccer, kirkball and dogeball outside while my brother was inside @DATE1. We're skinny because @CAPS3 what we do almost every @DATE1. Unlike my brother, he's fat because @CAPS3 everything he did was before he had a computer, he was as thin as us. It's also unhealthy for @DATE1 to be all on the computer, as it would result in staying updated at night, would not result in missing the bus, and would result in poor grades. Where will we watch TV when we're done. Then go to sleep to restore the energy we usually have at least @NUM2 hours. Forever sleep @DATE1 This allows us to get through school. We also make the right choices in foods to boost energy, such as fruits and vegetables. Does my brother eat all the junk food that causes obesity. Not having a computer can help you spend more time with your family. When we go out to eat, my brother is always tempted to go back to the computer and not let us enjoy our food. He's usually @CAPS2 and he picks from everyone else's @CAPS2 in a hurry, when everyone wants to enjoy the food, they do it faster. My brother stayed at home on the computer when we wanted to go out to the movies. Even if we bought a movie and watched it at home, he wouldn't watch it with us, he was on the computer. He can't do anything but play on the computer and really pissed off my mom, dad and siblings. Even if the whole family goes out to play sports, he will not come out to play. It was as if he was no longer part of the family. Seems like he forgot we were even @CAPS3, which is why I think the computation should be in @LOCATION1 state. If it will lead to bad grades. @CAPS2 If you want your kids to be healthier, get better grades and spend more time with their family, then sell your computer, otherwise it's happening all over the world.
Dear Newspaper Editor, Computers have come a long way in technology, but some people don't think so. Some say it's a good thing, but others think it's bad for health. I think it's a great thing to have. I came up with @NUM1 reasons to support my point. Computers can help you stay in touch with friends and/or family from afar, they can help you with your research, and they can even let you shop. First, if you have relatives or friends who are far away on your computer, you can keep in touch with them using sites like aol or facebook and myspace. Most of them can create an account for free, so you don't need to worry about their monthly bills. So it's much better than driving and paying for gas. Computers even have webcams for video chatting. With video chat, you can see each other and talk at the same time, which is great. Second, you can search the web for research. If you have a project and need more information than books can provide, just use google or ask.com. You can easily find the details and information you need. All of this only takes a few minutes, which is much better than reading an hour or so. Finally, if you really want or need it, just shop online. For example, if you want to buy a really cool toy for your daughter or son, but it's not available in stores, buy it from the internet. They can even ship your items fast. I like to buy things online. When I really wanted a bike, I saw my mom ended up buying it for my birthday. In short, computers are very convenient. Talk to someone if you need information, or buy what it gets. I use the computer a lot. I think it's great to have them.
Some of you @MONTH1 agree that computers don't keep you healthy, or we spend too much time on them, but they help you stay in touch with friends and family, meet new people, and save information. We wouldn't be able to do any of these things without these vital technological devices. Most families live across the country @MONTH1 or even in another country, you won't see them very often due to the travel price, but with a computer, they can help us stay in touch with them easier and faster than you can say "@LOCATION1 ". @CAPS1 More people have made a website that makes it easy for us to keep up with our distant family members. Facebook, @CAPS2, @CAPS3, @CAPS4 of fish and Singlesnet are all sites where you can find friends or just for you. This gives you the opportunity to discover @CAPS1 people who share your interests. Half of my mom's boyfriends are from these sites. Without these sites, there might be fewer divorces and more happy ending fairy tales. @NUM1 of @NUM2 people work out at home. It's good that you can get things done. Many people have documents and important information that can be lost in the blink of an eye. With technology like this, they can save with just a click of the mouse. Thanks to this easy-going technology, more and more businesses are operating in their homes. Exercising @MONTH1 is still important, with the push of a button I can talk to my auntie, find the right person for me and save my entire life. New technologies like computers can change the world and help @MONTH1 faster.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1's take on the fact that computers can be bad for citizens in @LOCATION1 in @LOCATION2. I think some people don't get enough exercise, and I also think it sucks that you can be lazy on the computer. Three reasons for @CAPS1 @CAPS1 opinion is @NUM1. People are not getting enough exercise, @NUM2. People get lazy and change after spending too much time on the computer, @NUM3. They will be addicted to computers. The first reason is because people don't get enough exercise, and I chose this because people I know have put on a lot of weight, which is kind of sad because they don't do anything but stay on the computer and eat. Another detail is that computer staring at that type of screen can mess up your eyes. I did this once and @CAPS1 had a weird eye on the computer. The third detail is that people become very vulnerable and weak. I chose this detail because if you exercise away from the computer, your bones will become weak. The second reason is because people will become lazy, like people will keep asking you to buy things for them and make things for them, and you will do it because you are a good friend. The second detail is that people will change, and people will be too lazy to go to fun activities with you as friends. The next thing you don't have friends anymore. The third detail is that, like your best friend swapped you out for a computer, if someone you've known for a long time swapped you out for a computer, it's going to frustrate you and make you want to kill yourself too. The third reason is because the person will be addicted to the computer, for example you want to celebrate a birthday, and the person will say "first I have to pass this level". @CAPS2 This guy says this guy won't leave the computer. Another detail is that his days go by so fast, like the days of the waist life, the dead will do whatever they can to get their life, the waist is not good. The third detail is that you start to hate this person because this person doesn't care about anything but the computer. These are the reasons for explaining @CAPS1's take on computer facts in the news papers I read.
Dear local paper, spending too much time on the computer is never a good thing. Whether you are at work or for fun. I'm a firm believer in this because spending too much time on the computer means you spend less time exercising, interacting with real family and friends than on the internet, and spending too much time on the computer can damage your eyesight. Nowadays, with the huge advancement in technology, people are always glued to the computer screen. Let's face it, once you turn on the computer, it's addicted to all the wonderful things you can do, and when we're addicted, we don't want to do other things like exercise. Research shows that @PERCENT1 are obese in kids who use computers for more than @NUM1 hours a day. The reason for this problem is obvious, that the child is addicted to the computer. Since they are so addicted to the computer, they don't want to go to the gym or anything. Another example is that in school, children can choose which electives they want to take. Many kids would rather choose a computer programming class than a physical education class. It also reduces their exercise time. Computers are wonderful things, but when it starts to affect your health and stamina, they are the enemy. Interacting with others on a computer can be seen as a positive, but not because it affects how you interact in real life. For example, some people get into the habit of interacting only through a computer, which makes them antisocial in real life. Also, some kids may be the most enjoyable people to interact with through a computer, but when you use them in real life, they are the quietest people in the world. This happens because they prefer to interact through a computer. Additionally, they have lost the ability to interact in real life. Interacting through a computer is great if you have family and friends in other countries, but you shouldn't do it so much that you don't feel comfortable interacting in real life. Aside from important parts, your eyes are one of the most important parts of your body. Most people don't know this, but using a computer for extended periods of time can strain your eyes, which is bad. This stress can only lead to unpleasant things. For example, if you're addicted to your computer, there's a good chance you'll wear glasses one day. A recent poll showed that more than @PERCENT2 of people who use a computer for more than @NUM2 hours a day wear glasses. Another example is that over time, stress is barely visible even with glasses. Imagine a world where your vision is so bad that your eyes are almost closed, which is what happens to people who use their computers for too long. Local paper, you @MONTH1 think the computer is one of the greatest inventions of all time, you're right, but you shouldn't overuse it.
Over time, our society has become more and more advanced, with more and more unnecessary technologies, such as television. What I really want to write about is computers. Today's society has developed a very unhealthy habit of always using a computer. Everyone in the 21st century uses a computer. The world is used to computers around, and if all the computers in the world were "broken" most people probably wouldn't know how @CAPS2. Like the basic theory. That is, the world will end with "@CAPS1" at the end of 2000 because everyone thinks the world is coming to an end. Just because the computer would crash and lose all the data we ever recorded. The human way relies heavily on computers. Since a lot of people rely on computers to @CAPS2, a lot of people "forget" to exercise! Our bodies need exercise to survive. Exercise is one of the most important activities in our daily life. If you don't exercise and all you do today is eat junk food and drink, you'd better bet on your mother's grave that you'll get diabetes, flies, heartburn, or any other disease or disability. You are what you eat is what I say. There are enough distractions in life, why add another? All computers are about keeping you and other people healthy. The computer started out as an "innocent" invention. Today, people really adore computers as much as they adore @CAPS3. People who use the computer every day end up being lazy because they just want to sit and use the computer. In my opinion, everyone should be involved in some physical activity. Whether it's basketball, football, baseball, track and field, tennis or my favorite thing to do, skateboarding. Everyone should exercise at least 3 times a week for many reasons, in fact, if you exercise at least 3 times a week, your body will function better, you will look better, you will feel better. Exercising can be fun, as long as you make it fun. I hope this article really made you think about how you want to live. Exercising should be an important part of your daily routine, now sitting on your butt all day searching for meaningless videos on 'youtube'. The lifestyle you want is up to you. I hope @CAPS3 you start living a healthier life.
More than 1 million people use computers every day. I don't think it's healthy to be on a computer. Many people abuse themselves for too long. You should manage a schedule so that you can still exercise without using the computer when you need to. People also become overweight. I think people should do something else and use the computer. A major effect seen is that many people spend too much time on the computer and become overweight. If we all come together, this can stop. One person doesn't change anything. But many of us will. We can be huge dangerous predators of our prey. If there is anything else to do besides play computer. If you know from your computer that you are overweight. you! ! Changes can be made. If you continue with other activities, you can easily lose weight again. You just got that type of change. A serious problem is that people don't want to spend time making a quick little graph to manage computer usage. That's it, if we make a chart then we know when to get off and when to play. This is important because some people absorb information better when it is presented to them. This may yield some satisfactory results. People use computers to complete school work. It depends on how long it takes. In my opinion, people shouldn't use their computer for more than @NUM1 hours to @NUM2 hours a day. I think people should finish their studies and get off. I prefer to watch the kids play outside. Nature and wildlife are more important. Computers can affect us differently. If it's not overweight don't spend time with family and do your homework. You need to use your time wisely.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, I am sure many people spend a lot of time on the computer. Twenty minutes to half an hour on the computer is fine. But more than an hour, too long. People may be drawn to playing addicting games. Online chat services such as facebook, myspace, instant messaging are also available. Another way, I think someone could spend more time on the computer writing a report. They may start to get lost for a minute. These are the same many ways people can be sucked into a computer. Have you ever jumped on a computer and played a game? Then you look at the time and an hour later? The game is very addictive. You can play for hours without noticing how much time has passed. Games are fun, but they burn your brain. The population of @PERCENT1 spends an average of up to two hours a day on the computer. I think we should eliminate some online games so people can spend days exercising and hanging out with friends instead of playing dumb games. Have you ever started a conversation with someone and realized you've been talking for an hour and a half? Do you have homework? Teens in @PERCENT3 spend an average of three hours a day chatting with friends on the internet. Facebook, myspace, instant messaging are all examples of this. It's okay for someone to talk to their friends, but you need to watch the timing so you don't get forgotten. In my opinion, we should reduce our use of these sites so that children and teens can do their homework. Have you ever been assigned a report and waited until the last minute to start? Many teenagers do this. They wait and start reporting the day before the report is due. Then they get stuck on the internet for hours trying to get it done. If they started earlier, it would make their grades lower. Students at @PERCENT2 waited until the last minute to give their presentations and, on average, spent more than four hours on the computer. I think we should make sure students start their reporting early so they can improve their grades. In conclusion, I believe that people spend a lot of time using their computers because of games, online chats, and last-minute reports. I think if we eliminate internet gaming, reduce internet chat use, and start reporting early, people will start exercising, hang out with friends and family, get homework done and get better grades.
Do you think it's a god to be able to find information about anything or talk to someone who's far away? Using a computer, these are some of the things you can do. It's good to be able to talk to people from afar. Some people have family in other countries, they haven't seen each other for a long time, you can talk to them on the computer. @CAPS1 We've sent to people at @ORGANIZATION1 who have a family here and I've heard they use a computer to talk to them because they miss them. Also, if you live in an area with bad weather you can't go anywhere, a computer can help pass the time, @CAPS1 people who live in @CAPS2 they get a lot of snow in winter, @MONTH1 has to stay inside. So if they have a computer, they can do things @CAPS1 play some games or watch some videos to pass the time. Another great thing about computers is that you can search for anything. Even if you've never been there, you can learn about far-flung places by looking. Some kids do have some trouble doing some homework but can use a computer to learn more about it and hopefully they can understand how the homework is done now instead of going to the teacher tomorrow and telling them you didn't do it .My point is why computers have a positive effect on people. By being able to search for anything, help your child with homework and pass the time when there is nothing else to do.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 minute - millions of computer users around the world hop on their laptops or desktops, but is it always a good thing? If people spending a lot of time on computers is a bad thing, then a question has been raised. Computers are a bad thing because people spend so much time on them that they lose quiet time with friends and family. The dangers of online interactions, and the risk of your information being stolen. Countless people all over the world face these problems every day and their computer usage should be reduced. Whether teenagers, children or adults are playing games, surfing websites or typing, people all over the world spend too much time on their computers. For example, in @PERCENT1 who has a computer with online access, @PERCENT2 spends @NUM1 hours a day on the computer. That's roughly NUM2 billion hours of computer usage worldwide. Both children and adults lose face time or face-to-face interaction with others. Before computers, kids ran and played outside. And today, all kids under @PERCENT3 have at least an hour of outdoor time. Computers are not a bad thing, but when they are overused, they can damage a child's health. These facts not only contribute, but are almost the cause of obesity in the world. If we are to solve these problems, we need to reduce the amount of computer usage. Adding live chat to a computer not only increases computer usage, it doubles it. @CAPS2 and the invention of instant messaging was never a bad thing, but it did. Online chat allows people to send hateful and vulgar messages to their enemies without showing up. In some cases, some teens have been harassed so badly online that they committed suicide. Another downside of @CAPS2 or @CAPS3 is that dangerous criminals can hide behind their computers and lure children or teens to a party place where they might be kidnapped. @NUM3 of @NUM4 online chat users were lured to a "party place" and kidnapped by criminals, never seen last year. Most of these victims did not return or were found. Although the invention of online chat meant quick and easy communication, in most cases it turned into a horrific crime. Millions or even billions of dollars have been stolen by internet hackers. These hackers crack security codes and use other people's money to buy things online. Four out of five admitted to owning multiple websites with personal information, and @NUM5 of those four had at least one account hacked. The problem continues to grow, with hackers feeding on weak sites. If this problem continues to develop, the whole world will go bankrupt. These hackers know who you are, your family, your personal information and where you live. Internet usage needs to be reduced to sites. If we don't then usage will increase, there will be no chat issues and people's money will be stolen.
Dear editor, @CAPS1 do you do it all day? The answer might be sitting in front of @ORGANIZATION1's computer all day. My friends say it's very unhealthy, research proves it, and my mom has experience with computers. This is not healthy for our environment and people. @PERCENT1 @ORGANIZATION1 My friends say computers are wasting @ORGANIZATION1 time. Most people who interact on a computer all day do not have a steady diet or even a good exercise routine. They say all the junk kids and adults that accumulate in their daily lives are unhealthy and will never go away unless they get up. They also say that without exercise, our country will be full of overweight people. Dr. @ORGANIZATION1 has done extensive research and proven that computers are bad for you. @PERSON1 travels the country talking to people and he specifically emphasises that more people should get out and enjoy nature, but don't let them sit at the computer in front of @ORGANIZATION1 against them. He told people @PERCENT2 @ORGANIZATION1 Your life would be so much better if you went out for some fresh air. My mom has experience with computers, and she assured me that when she was younger, you couldn't just sit there and not go out. She said it was important to interact with family and friends in order to maintain a stable relationship. Talking to your family will keep them whole in @CAPS1's life and hanging out with your friends will help allow more @ORGANIZATION1 to live life without family. She says any kid who sits at @ORGANIZATION1's computer all day should be disappointed by @ORGANIZATION1 them. EDIT You've done a great job since you took the job! So, I feel like if you make the point in the next paper not to have a computer all the time, you should exercise as often as my friends say, this study taught to enjoy your nature, my mom said to be with your Family and friends interact. I am sure your next article will be a wonderful dream for those who state the truth.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2, Computer. The subject has generated so much debate over the years, from lawyers against judges to parents against children. Could this be a good thing? Are computers the cause of today's growing embarrassment? Of course, it's certainly not a good thing to have your entire life documented in a place where anyone can go. Then there's what you're looking at. I can't wait to get into that segment. As one of the most talked about @NUM1 subjects in the world, is there really less interest in sports than @NUM2 people? Research shows that @NUM3 out of @NUM1 are overweight in @CAPS3 @CAPS4. As of @DATE1, that number has risen to @NUM5 in @NUM1. amazing! Some of them might be safer inside. If you've ever played a video game where players can lose health, you know what happens when the bar runs out. you reboot. After playing @CAPS5 @CAPS6 @CAPS7 @CAPS8 @CAPS9, @CAPS10 @CAPS11 @MONTH1 I want to try this anti-gravity, head-turning stunt. Let me tell you, there was no reboot after that. Did you know that @ORGANIZATION1 is documenting everything you do online? Say, you're a budding guitarist looking around for a new Gibson and you start getting ads from all these online stores, @CAPS12? Because @ORGANIZATION1 sells your information to businesses. You can give them permission by clicking the Continue Installation button. So here comes the spam. But worse things are happening. your bank account. That's right, I went there. If a virus gets into your computer, many of your computers may disappear. So be responsible. This brings us to our last topic. The sensitive one. In the past, you had to buy magazines or books to witness the exploitation of young women. Now it's just a click of a button. That's bad enough. Little boys were trapped early on and their future is now in the grip of the disease. But add that to the huge risk of a virus attack and you've got a lot of trouble. So I'm not saying computers are bad, just that they can be a good thing. Sometimes, they can be a great way to relieve stress and bring it to a hapless alien. Just use the technology in your hands responsibly.
Dear newspaper, I very much agree that computers are influencing people in a very positive way. As more and more people use computers, technology has become higher and people have access to more things. Computers are good because they are convenient and provide entertainment. Have you ever wondered what the capital of @LOCATION3 is, or what's the weather like in @LOCATION2? To find out these answers, all you have to do is look them up on your computer! The computer is very convenient, you can use the computer if you have any problems! In the case of my cousing Courthey, every day her teacher assigns definitions to homework. So she just looked up definitions on the computer instead of spending time looking them up in a dictionary. However, @PERSON4 isn't the only one who thinks computers are convenient. When surveyed, people from @PERCENT1 voted that computers are the most convenient item to use when they have a question about something. Professor @PERSON2 from @ORGANIZATION2 said: "@CAPS1, because more and more people are learning how to use computers, it becomes more convenient for everyone." All in all, a lot of people rely on computers for information, you Wouldn't want to take that information away from them, would you? This is @DATE1 @TIME1, you are bored, what are you doing? How to get on the computer! Computers are a great source of entertainment. Whether you're listening to music, playing games, or chatting with friends, you'll have fun on your computer. For example, my neighbor @PERSON3 goes home by himself after school. She is usually very bored, so she goes to the computer to play games and chat with friends. @PERSON3 can also chat with her cousins @PERSON5 and @PERSON6 who live in @LOCATION1. However, @PERSON3 isn't the only one talking to relatives on the internet. When surveyed, people at @PERCENT2 agreed they were talking to relatives from elsewhere on their computer. Dr. @PERSON1 from @ORGANIZATION1 said: "Computers are the primary source of entertainment for most teens and adults." @CAPS2, you wouldn't want to take away our primary source of entertainment would you? After school, many teens and adults rush to the computer for a variety of different reasons. But, all in all, computers have had a positive impact on everyone with their amazing persuasive power and rich entertainment resources.
@CAPS5 @MONTH1 people who care, @CAPS1 is just a click away from having fun talking to friends you haven't seen in years. Computers make us what we are, but that's not the only benefit they provide. Computers help society by providing us with search engines and educational resources, enabling us to easily connect with friends and family, helping us communicate importance and planning things, and more. First, computers have become an essential part of education and research. School students, from elementary school to college, are able to connect to more information than they would without a computer. You can even get a college degree on a computer! That's right, online colleges are starting to take shape. This is great for moms who want to get a degree but have to stay home with their kids. In addition, computer technology has been applied to research in science and hospitals. New discoveries made with the help of computers will really help people's lives! Computers are used to find cures for cancer disasters such as earthquakes, and can even help see what disease someone has before symptoms start to appear! Computers help save and benefit lives in ways that people could not have imagined 60 years ago. Second, computers allow people to connect and reconnect with others around @CAPS2. I recently got a Facebook account and within a few days I found three of my friends who have moved away from a distant cousin who moved to @LOCATION1 I haven't seen since I was a kid, not even my great grandmother! The possibilities are endless. Email is also great for society as @CAPS5 helps people communicate and plan events, which brings me to my next topic. Finally, computers help @CAPS2 communicate with each other. The internet is full of sites that benefit our @CAPS2, one of them is @ORGANIZATION2; @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4. If it weren't for the computer, this program wouldn't be as successful and beneficial as @CAPS5. Also, this is an amazing site that combines education with aspects of @CAPS2 @CAPS5 quizzes you on general knowledge at different levels, for each correct answer, @ORGANIZATION1 donates @NUM1 grains to @ORGANIZATION1. I sometimes continue when I'm bored, so I've filled over thirty bowls @ORGANIZATION1 while studying! In conclusion, computers have been shown to benefit everything in @CAPS2 and @CAPS5, not only for people, but for the environment as well. Computers help advance research, help people reconnect, and help @CAPS2 communicate, who knows what computers will help us do next?
Dear @CAPS1 I want to tell you something. We have been evolving throughout the ages, from cavemen who discovered fire to discovering how to fly. As we evolve, we discover technology, and in recent years we have been rapidly manufacturing new technologies. Some people say that technologies like computers are bad, I think computers are good because they enable you to learn from afar. Lets you talk to people online and teach hand-eye coordination. Computers allow you to go where you would not normally be able to go. What would you use if you were doing a research project on @LOCATION1 and you didn't have any books? That's right, a computer on the internet will have the facts you need so you can score. On the Internet, you can chat with friends and family who live in @MONTH1. The computer can connect two computers over long distances, so you can bend and write almost instantly. You can't get in touch with these people without a computer. Using a computer is good for the body and mind. It can help you with hand-eye coordination. When you see something on the screen and go eat it, you are actually helping your body. Some people say you're not interacting with friends and family when you're on the computer, but they're wrong. I myself have talked to my sister in different rooms while using the computer, so the computer also allows you to interact with friends and family! I like computers, how about you?
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, yes I do believe too many people are "addicted" to the computer and spend enough time on it every day! Not only teenagers, but also children and teens fall into the trap of computers. Growing up when I was young, I hated computers and all I wanted to do was hang out. As I get older, I use the computer more often than before. I now believe computers need to take time out of family time to sit and read a good book and hang out with friends. Besides all those fun interactive activities, people decide to go to facebook, myspace, twitter, youtube, addictive games, and whatever else they can find. I don't agree that being lazy with computers is like a chess piece. No! If there was anything in the world that would keep parents and kids together, it wouldn't be computers. The computer distracts kids and teens from other things in life, and it doesn't follow the family as a family. Before computers were made, all people were bad people and their families. Come home from school saying "@CAPS3 Dad, come home from school. What to play and watch"? Instead of the kids coming home from school to see if @CAPS4 replies to your Facebook messages. Computers also cut off the interaction time that families often and should have. @DATE1 @TIME1 Instead of talking to @CAPS5 myspace, why don't you grab and play a family board game! Or go to a restaurant and talk about your next vacation and things you'll be interested in Play a game on the same ballpark, or play ball at your local baseball stadium instead of sitting there fascinated by a computer screen! Okay, I @MONTH1 understand that some people just @MONTH1 don't like to hang out or engage in physical activity, which is totally understandable, but still not an excuse to sit in front of the computer and read. Reading is fun, but also fun without being in school! You or your family can use your words to show off to your friends as you read your brain to learn about the inner workings. Show @PERCENT1 of strints who read . Not @PERCENT2 who sits in front of the computer all day writing replies.
Dear @CAPS1 sun, I find computers useful. They help people in many ways. They keep people informed about what's going on in the world, teach hand-eye coordination, and let you meet people online. First, people can learn about what's going on around the world. I can find out what's going on where I live by checking your paper. Others can learn where they might go. They can know the weather, so they know how to play ice hockey when they go somewhere. Also, if one of your employees is going camping, they can look for a good place to camp and they can see what dangers are there while you're camping so they can avoid them because if they get sick they can't work . As you can see, computers are important. Next, the computer teaches hand-eye coordination. Many jobs require you to be able to work well with your hands. Let's say one of your printers breaks, so you call someone to fix it. They must be able to fix it with their hands very well. Now let's say your light's wiring is screwed up. So you call an electrician and he has to have good hands to work with small wires. Both of them have good hands, they can do that by using a computer. As you can see, computers are very important in today's life. Finally, computers allow you to meet new people online. Let's say you're alone after a hard day making newspapers. You can go online and meet new people in chat rooms and online games. Now suppose one of your employees just broke up with his girlfriend, and he's sad and lonely, so she's not working well. He can meet the perfect girl on an online dating site. Now when he starts working he will be happier and will write more papers and if he writes more papers you will make more money. As you can see, computers are very important. In conclusion, computers are great machines. They can keep people informed about what's going on in the world, teach people good hand-eye coordination, and allow people to meet new people online.
Dear local paper, I heard about your computer problem and wanted to express my opinion. I think computers teach you more than they teach you and disable you. For example, let's say you have a research project and you need to find someone, you turn on your computer and you find him. Also, say you want to go on vacation far away; like @LOCATION1. You can go online to see how they live there. My last reason is that now you can still interact with family and friends on your computer. First of all, I say the first because I had a social studies project a few weeks ago. But I can't use the computer, and then I have to use a book; instead of going to the computer and looking it up. Another example might be like you need pictures to make your project look better. So you can google it and find an image suitable for your project. But not all of the internet can help you. It's like saying you plan on honeymooning @LOCATION1 but have never been there or know nothing about it, but your honeymoon is still a month away. You can go to the computer to find out. Now they also have online courses where you can learn their language before you go. But to summarize, I have more examples. Lastly, some of the people chatting think you can't interact with other people because you're on the computer all day, but you can. For example, they have a website called @ORGANIZATION1. You can chat with all your friends at once. They also have video chat so you can look directly at each other while you're talking, that's all I can think of. I hope my letters and probably many others show you what's actually going on with computers.
Dear local paper, I think computers have a positive effect on people because it helps their education, you can talk to family and friends, you can better coordinate hand and eye. Read on to find interesting details about computers and their positive effects. @CAPS4 The number one reason a computer is positive is that it helps you educate. I mean please, how many college students have you seen without a laptop? You see none. am i right? You always need a computer because you have to type everything and do research for large papers. People think "we will, always have libraries?" @CAPS1 You're wrong. The @CAPS4 local library closes @TIME1 pm. I'm sure college students do their homework much later than @TIME1. Just imagine, late at night, @NUM1 pm, no library, no computer, there is a great book tomorrow. what are you up to? @CAPS1, you better get yourself a laptop before the next epic! @CAPS2, even if you do go to the library, who wants to log all your books down the stairs, drive to the library, and finally get there and realize you forgot something. That's just a waste of time! Second, computers are positive because you can talk to your friends and family. On the one hand, it saves a lot of money because email doesn't cost anything! I have a @ORGANIZATION1! Email, I don't pay a penny for it! With a cell phone, you have to buy it and pay the bill every month. Did you know that the average American spends at least #@NUM2 a month on their phones? @CAPS2 is out, what if you've never met a certain family member? I know @CAPS4 cousin just had a baby and her dad lives in @LOCATION1 @CAPS3. So, she has a webcam and now they are talking every day and her dad can see the kids. They think they always talk about everything every day, and other things. After that, I just said all these wonderful things, you look someone else in the eye and then don't help someone else than that computer. For @CAPS4 last reason, computer is positive because you can get hand eye coordination, @CAPS4 bro, @PERSON1, like, I mean obsessive love, like video games. He is addicted to them! He couldn't stop playing them, and I didn't mind at all. I don't mind because now he can chew gum, jot down ideas for his articles, think about what he's having for lunch, and play video games. How about multitasking! @CAPS2, you will be healthier. Think about it, better responses, better hands and eyes, better, happier doctors! I mean seriously, if you play computer games, you can have fun knowing you'll make your doctor happy. Who sent someone to make your doctor happy! To @CAPS4's conclusion, computers have a positive effect on you because they help with your education, converse with your friends and family, and have better hand-eye coordination. Now tell me that computers can't help people. I know, you can't, because computers help us in so many ways.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 I think computers have a bad effect on people. I think the first reason for this is because people in the world are getting less healthy and kids and adults should keep @CAPS3 more. Kids and parents can just shout @NUM1 @CAPS4 on the computer and go out. Computers are fine because @CAPS5 helps find information, but @CAPS5 is harmful @CAPS5 You abuse @CAPS5 kids play games on computers, @CAPS5 damages eyes, @CAPS5 makes them lazy. There is still a lot to do, instead of chatting with your friend on the computer, you should call your friend and ask him to come over and play the game. @CAPS6 This continues many kids will fit and @CAPS3. The second reason computers are bad is how people used to think about other people on a computer. Never put something bad on the computer because sometimes they are esoteric secrets and millions of people will see @CAPS5 and that person might be teased and laughed at. Really, computers can do horrible things @CAPS6 You and this person are friends @CAPS5 may ruin you guys forever. The last reason computers are bad is that people die from being overweight, there are several teams in the commercial saying kids and adults @CAPS7 up @CAPS3 @CAPS6 @CAPS5 for these heroes more kids will die faster when When children die, they look at the sides of their bodies, and scientists have found chunks of fat around the children's hearts. Well that's my theory and I hope you all take my advice @CAPS7 to shut down your computer and @CAPS7 @CAPS3.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1, would you like to be warmly welcomed by the zingbobway tabe @ORGANIZATION1 @LOCATION2, say hello again to family from afar, or speed up your response? Well, you can! Computers are a useful way for @ORGANIZATION1 to complicate these tasks to @ORGANIZATION1. Imagine your family or friends fighting in a war miles away. Don't you want to see them at least once? Computers allow you to interact with them through your webcam. You can see them and talk to them. Not only can you talk to your family, but you can also talk to your friends. Make new friends from all over the world without leaving your home. You can have a new best friend every day! Not only can you talk to people on a computer, they also allow you to better coordinate your hand-eye and speed up your joints. Dr. @PERSON1, @ORGANIZATION1,. Saying "@CAPS2 shows that people who type or use a computer have better reflexes than people who don't type." @CAPS3 A computer is easier for schools, I remember one time I had to write for @CAPS4 @NUM1 pages of papers, due the next day. I wrote it at the beginning @ORGANIZATION1 and my hands started cramping. I finished my dissertation in no time, so I ran to my computer and typed half the time I spent writing it. I also have good hand-eye coordination. You not only type on it, but learn on it. @NUM2 out @ORGANIZATION1 @NUM3 Computers are used to understand places and people. Let's say you just won @NUM1 free tickets to go anywhere in the world with a celebrity of your choice! Using a computer, you can research anywhere you want and make this trip the best day of your life @ORGANIZATION1. Even if you don't like going anywhere else, you can go there virtually on your computer. With a computer you can see @CAPS5 @CAPS6 @ORGANIZATION1 @LOCATION1, tropical reef fish @ORGANIZATION1 or @ORGANIZATION2. Computers put the world at your fingertips. So you can see that computers have a positive effect on people. Computers allow people to interact with cities, improve hand-eye coordination, and put the world at their fingertips. So stop reading and use the computer!
Dear @PERSON1, advances in technology and computers are a bad thing. When computer companies like @CAPS1, @ORGANIZATION2, and @ORGANIZATION1 make cool updates to their computer systems, it's not a good thing people don't want to shut down their computers. As a child, did you spend all your time indoors and online? The computer spends time away from the outdoors or exercising. They can affect very important family time. Advances in computing are bad for our country and our towns. Now, kids would rather spend time on the computer than outside. This can have very negative effects. First, it's important for students to see and feel nature, last time I checked they couldn't do that on a computer. Children need to see animals, smell flowers and feel the breeze on their cheeks. The second reason it's important to go out is to get some sunshine. While the sun does have its harmful days, it's still important for everyone to spend some time in the sun for their health. Computers keep people away from unhealthy and dangerous nature. Computers also take up valuable exercise time. If people spend all their time on the computer, will they exercise? Everyone should get at least @NUM1 minutes of activity a day, but no one spends that much time exercising. Furthermore, the number of people who are obese has increased dramatically since the invention of the personal computer and the Internet. Obesity can make life difficult and can also lead to disease. Computer use has led to fewer people exercising and increased obesity rates. Another problem caused by computers is that people spend less time with their families. Family is one of the most important things in the world and everyone should spend a few hours a day with them. Coupled with the encouragement of their families, many students excel in school and sports, which gives them great confidence. Computers take up time that should be the most important thing for everyone, family. Many people are negatively affected by computers. This technique requires significant time away from children and adults. It takes time away from the outdoors, exercise and home. Yes, @MONTH1 computers make life easier, but their negatives outweigh the positives.
Dear local paper, I believe computers are bad news. Most kids come home from school and keep aiming. So they can talk to their friends. @PERCENT1 in @CAPS1 is obiese. I think hanging out with friends is better than sitting in a chair and playing on the computer. Kids have more fun if they go out and play with their friends. Children will also learn how to communicate with each other by playing outdoors together. Children will see more of nature and be willing to learn more about animals. When the kids are on the computer, they sit around doing nothing. There are also children who post their pictures on inappropriate sites like Facebook, which can cause them a lot of trouble. They also say things they wouldn't normally say to people. Computers are just one way kids get into trouble. When you're outdoors playing baseball, soccer, or ball with friends, you're exercising and having a lot of fun. If you do a lot of exercise, chances are you won't be an obedient. Some people say that computers are better for hand-eye coordination, but better for football or batting. Others say that computers can tell you where far away, but that's what schools are for. I mean exercising and playing with friends is better than talking among friends or video chatting with them, @CAPS2 for a lot of overweight people in @LOCATION1 and a computer can't do the trick.
Dear @LOCATION2 Media, I was wondering if you were aware of @PERCENT1 of the @NUM1 people surveyed by @LOCATION1 University who agree that using laptops and computers is good for their lives? I agree that computers are good for society and everyday life. Using a computer, you can interact with people around the world who can help with your studies and make everyday life easier. Five years ago, I had to move from @LOCATION4 to @LOCATION3. We had to leave all our family and friends. However, with this great technology, we can email them. Send them instant messages and video chat with them without paying for long distance calls. There are many people who like me. Having friends and family from afar, family in different countries, old school and camp friends using a computer is a great way to keep in touch with each other. Using a computer can also make life easier. Baby care moms may not be able to take one kid who doesn't want to leave his video game to @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 while another is watching their favorite @CAPS3 show. Thankfully, the man goes online, picks her and the amount of food she can have someone deliver. That mother may not necessarily be able to go out shopping. So she can use her computer to go to her favorite store website and pick out the clothes she wants. Then when @CAPS4 comes along, a computer will be great, don't worry about not having enough time to go and. Computer life is much simpler! Count how or how people help online instant or entry. "Computers are great, I can do my homework and know if they write a plan book than they travel. If, they can and more info about computers from @CAPS5.com, then they can find it at their local library. You almost Anything with a search engine can be found on your computer! Some people really don't agree with using a computer, or some people also think that some people abuse the benefits of a computer and spend a lot of time on it instead of exercising and enjoying nature. It's true that as long as you maintain reasonable usage or your computer, it will benefit you in many ways. Like I said, it's great for keeping people connected, simplifying everyday life, and Research for schools.
Dear local paper, I think computers are influencing people in a positive way. Computers increase our knowledge, allow us to communicate with friends and family, teach us hand-eye coordination, and allow us to see the news faster. Computers are delightful, great technologies. Although sitting down and looking at your computer screen is not very interactive, computers add to our knowledge. Computers have all these websites with tons of information. You can look up anything you want to know and find exactly what you want. Going to the library to find a book about your report will consume extra time. Instead, you can look up the facts you need online. Computers also allow us to communicate with family and friends. Calling someone or sending a letter costs money, but emailing someone doesn't. Many people have family and friends living far away from them. With a computer, they can talk to them for free if they want. You can also see each other through your webcam. If it's not already there, you can connect it to your computer. Another reason computers are useful is that they help with hand-eye coordination. Computers require you to type, which is a great skill. Although writing an article by hand is tiring and boring, you can type it on a computer. Typing needs to be good at, but very helpful. Finally, computers help us get news. When a major event occurs, like the earthquake in @LOCATION1, it is already circulating on the internet before the news is released. In conclusion, computers are very useful to help us increase our knowledge, communicate with people, help us with hand-eye coordination, and allow us to see news faster. But most importantly computers are fun!
Dear newspaper, I believe that the advancement of technology has many positive effects, such as computers. Computers are great for people of all ages. Computers teach hand-eye coordination, allowing people to learn from information from all over the world. Finally, computers allow people to communicate over the Internet. Advances in technology have improved societies and lifestyles across the globe. The advancement of technology is amazing. Computers have shown these advances tremendously. Excellent hand-eye coordination skills can be learned simply by using a computer. Typing skills are a good example. Almost everyone in the world needs typing skills. Without computers, no one would have these skills. A young child can play games on a computer and learn basic typing and hand-eye coordination skills to start their coordination skills for the rest of their lives. Technological progress is great. These advances in computing can also allow people to learn information from around the world. In school, many times, students are asked to make a report on different countries. It is difficult to do this report without a computer. Students need to read all the different books to find the specific information they need. With the internet, just type whatever you need to know and the project can be done faster. How about that family vacation you've always wanted to go? Need to know where to go? Use the Internet! All you need to do is enter the resort and click enter. Immediately, you'll have hundreds of options in front of you. This makes life a lot easier. Do you remember the last time your mom and dad were on a business trip and you couldn't talk to them because they were busy? The Internet can solve this problem. You can communicate with them via @CAPS1, @CAPS2, or both. Just connect your @CAPS2 to the computer and say hello to @TIME1 right away, or whatever it is. If you have friends, you can instant message them. It's so simple that you seem to be standing next to them in seconds. In conclusion, the advancement of computers and technology is great and can benefit everyone in the world. Computer technology hand-eye coordination allows people to learn information from all over the world and enables instant communication via the internet. Newspaper writers and editors, please agree with me on this topic. Technological advancements will only add positive effects to the lifestyle. Support the advancement of technology today to help improve the lives of those people.
Dear @LOCATION1, I believe that computers have a positive impact on people. They teach hand-eye coordination. Computers enable people to learn about distant places and people. They even allow people to chat online. A computer is a very useful machine. Computers teach hand-eye coordination. When you're in school, you need to type in a lot of @CAPS1 prompts, @CAPS2 labs, and @CAPS3 @CAPS4 vocabulary. Computers help us do this. Typing quickly and correctly takes practice. Typing without looking at the keyboard is hand-eye coordination. It also helps us later in life. Whether you're working on a term paper in high school or a college application essay, you need the help of a computer. Computers enable people to understand distant places. I went to see @LOCATION3 for the first time @NUM1 years ago. I don't know much about the history of @LOCATION3, so I sat at my desk and turned on my computer. Suddenly, it's like I'm at @LOCATION3! I read about delicious food and rich culture. I took a virtual tour of @CAPS5 @CAPS6 and the great @CAPS7. I've listened to @CAPS8 and learned some @CAPS8. In just @NUM2 hours I visited @LOCATION3 from my own house! A computer can take you on a magical journey to far-flung lands. Computers allow people to talk to other people online. This is a very good thing. I have cousins who live in @LOCATION2 and it's not always easy to talk on the phone due to the @NUM3 hour time difference, so we use computers. My family emails back and forth with them. Sometimes we even video chat! Computer-accessible @CAPS3 web spots such as @CAPS10 or @CAPS11 allow us to talk to people we don't see often. On @CAPS11, you can even chat with your favorite stars or musicians. Computers allow us to keep in touch with others. Computers have a positive effect on people. Some experts @MONTH1 say that people spend too much time on the computer, and while @MONTH1 is true for some people, it's not true for everyone. We still exercise and spend time outdoors. We still interact with family and friends, but know we can do the same on a computer. It is a good thing that more and more people are using computers.
Dear local newspaper writer, I believe that computers are good for our society because we can connect with people faster and easier. Computers @CAPS1 are good for our society because we don't have to spend as much time on the phone. @CAPS1 Why I think computers are good for our society. "@CAPS1 Is a computer a good thing or a bad thing?" A computer is a good thing because you can also email your family or friends anytime. But sometimes we don't have to spend that long on the computer. @CAPS1 Why I think computers are a good thing. Without a computer, things are different because you have to talk to people by phone or text. In my opinion, I really appreciate that we have computers. On a computer, you can do @ORGANIZATION2, @CAPS2, @CAPS3, @CAPS4, everything, and even work on a computer. @CAPS1 without a computer would be different. I don't think people spend a lot of time on the computer" because a lot of people do office work on the computer. Computers make things easier for us! But sometimes people take advantage of it. @CAPS1 Why do I think people don't Too much time spent on computers. Last but not least @CAPS1 Why I know computers are good for our society.
Dear @CAPS1, I heard you wanted to make some comments on whether computers have a positive effect on people. I know a lot of people are against these positive views, but I think computers have a positive impact on people. The main thing that computers do best is research. Without computers, children and adults would not have access to the necessary knowledge tools. Research has shown that @NUM1 of @NUM2 students have computers at home, while @NUM3 students who do not have access to computers receive lower grade @PERCENT1 due to poor project research skills. Another reason computers are great is that they bring the world together. Facebook, @CAPS2 and twitter users can chat with people across the street, across the country, and across the ocean! People in @LOCATION5 can play games and chat with people in @LOCATION1, @LOCATION4, @LOCATION2 and even @LOCATION3! My last reason is that computers are great for business. A lot of people have their own job website that makes them widely known and lets people know what their business is. Take your newspaper for example. Without a computer, you can't do research, or even type or print a newspaper. Your website cannot convince people to read your newspaper. While some people may abuse their computer privileges by staying too long instead of exercising or interacting with people, that's about it. Only @PERCENT2 people with computers would do this! So what, it's their time and they want to spend it on the computer. What can you do to change? there is nothing. At this point, I end this letter by telling you that computers are very useful to humans! They give us research, they help us learn and do business, and they allow us to talk to people all over the world.
Dear newspaper @CAPS1 I am writing you a letter saying that I think keeping kids away from computers is a bad idea for you because it does teach kids something, homework is great when you are at the computer You can relax while you're at it. Well, computers teach kids a lot, like hand-eye coordination. If children want to use a computer when they are older, they can learn to use it new. There are also websites that show you how to move your hands while using your computer. Well, there's always homework when the kids are out of school, @CAPS2 you need to do it on the computer, so if you don't have access to the computer, it's hard for the kids to do their homework there. So when they went to school, the class told the teacher what they were going to do without a computer. So when I was out of school, I had a long day. I go home and do my homework, then turn on the computer and relax with some music. If you guys take the computer away, everyone's going to be grumpy all the time. That's why I think you should keep your computer instead of exercising. We often carry these heavy books around in school.
Dear @STATE1 News, a computer is a great machine. People can research, learn about any topic or topic, and let people chat with friends online. I think computers have a good influence on people. The computer is one of the great inventions we have. They are very helpful in our daily life. When people need to write a paper for school or do a project, you can research what you need. If you're writing a paper and need answers, it's all on the internet. Say you want to go on vacation to California. If you want to learn another language, you can learn a whole language on a computer. Plus, there are even online schools if you're busy doing collages or want to take other classes. Computers are a great way to learn new things. Finally, you can chat with friends Online sites like facebook and myspace are a great way to keep in touch with friends. Another positive is @CAPS1, where you can instantly message friends and family without having to wait so long for a response. If you want your friends, you can message them. I think computers have a positive impact on people. They are helpful in many ways, like people can do research, learn new things and talk to friends, and I hope, you get my point, they are something everyone should have.
I went into my living room. I saw my mom eagerly reading our computer screens with pictures of caller guru and logos on web pages. I think the internet has made my mom better than me and we should go on vacation. More and more people log on to computers every day, and despite people's willingness to change and believe in new advancements in technology, there is a strong debate about why computers exist, but there are still some people who can only see the negative side. I am a strong proponent of computers and believe they have a lot of potential. Computers make work smaller. They allow instant conversations with people thousands of miles away. Plus, you can reconnect with friends you no longer see. For example, I once went to a great @DATE1 camp where I met my best friend. But @DATE1, they fell and instead of going to exercise and having fun, I lay in the basement and got up because my sweat stuck to it. Then one day I heard the familiar message that when I received an instant @CAPS1 my computer would beep and I had the energy to crawl to the screen to find out @PERSON1, one of my closest friends wants to ride Bike to the wall and hang out with other people we know. To say I happily respond, "@CAPS2 I absolutely want to go," scores high. For computers and @ORGANIZATION1. Instantly @CAPS3, @CAPS4 will be separated and never speak again. The anadem hyperbole argument people use against computers is that everyone who uses a computer doesn't exercise. I use my computer a lot almost every hour, so I made a system to make sure I get a workout. Every time I walk around the room and my computer hangs, I pull right up and do @NUM1. I only thought about this system @NUM2 months ago, I already have my muscles, I can do @NUM3 pulls in one go, but when I started, I had a hard time doing @NUM2. If it weren't for my amazing computer back, I would still be exercising, only after about a week. Computers facilitate the Internet, it holds so much information. Unless it's a ingrained secret. You can probably find anything you want on the internet. I've searched for an article countless times and a limited textbook is simply not what you need. My country project @DATE1 can't get more than @CAPS5 from a book! It can also be an excellent teacher in any subject. In fact, my language arts teacher told us a story about @DATE1 a ball who had never done any water sports before, spent @NUM2 weeks watching videos on youtube about how to water ski, and his first I love to play tricks. These are just a few reasons why I think computers are great. They keep friend boats close, give you reasons to exercise, and can teach you anything! I say we spread the good news about computers and let everyone know how great they are.
Dear computer company, computers have a negative impact. Why would you go out if you can play life-like games on @CAPS1? I think the game on @CAPS1 should be removed so people can enjoy all the good things in life. If people are not @CAPS1 all day, people will pay attention to the way they destroy nature.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, Your resources, your entertainment, and even your interactions with people may be fading. @CAPS8, you know a good chunk of people think this @PERSON2 is harming our society. Well, I would say I don't think they understand these benefits that computers give us. Computers are like teachers teaching us and we don't even know it. Hand-eye coordination is a good example. Plus, we use computers to learn where we might want to go, or to talk to friends or family away from Troms. A computer is an extraordinary work or technology. First, I would say that everything you do physically requires hand-eye coordination. Cook dinner, ride a bike, drive, etc. Unfortunately, the hand-eye coordination is the best for people who aren't @CAPS6. A friend of @CAPS7, @PERSON1, has very poor hand-eye coordination. So on his birthday, I decided to buy him a computer. @NUM1 month since he has his computer and @CAPS8 he tried to play baseball at his son's party, he hit @NUM2 in @NUM3 and he used to hit @NUM6 in @NUM1 or @NUM5 . @PERCENT2 saw huge growth in just @NUM1 months! Just @CAPS8 Simple stuff @CAPS8 A computer greatly improves the hand-eye coordination of @CAPS7 friends. Second, computers can help you see faraway places @CAPS8, @LOCATION1, or @LOCATION4. Do you really want to travel to @LOCATION1's icy wind just to get to know it? For some people I'll say this, but what if you can't get to @LOCATION1 due to money or flight conditions. I want to be able to study polar bears and glaciers without worry. Static data from @CAPS3 @CAPS4 from @CAPS5 states that "people at @PERCENT2 want to experience the thrill and excitement of @ORGANIZATION1 lights. But of those @PERCENT2 only @PERCENT3 said they would actually go to @LOCATION2 to see them". So you can see that @PERCENT4 of these people won't go, whether it's because of money or a cold. Thery @CAPS6 says that's why they love computers. They can experience the lights of @ORGANIZATION1 without entering the freezing cold. In the end, doing things on a computer is better than doing it with family members you have never seen or seen before. Editor of @LOCATION3 Local states "@CAPS7 parents live @NUM8 miles away. I rarely tell them now because I can't afford to travel that much further. So I use @CAPS7 computers, @CAPS7 parents and I are now with @PERCENT1 communicates more than ever. I love this computer, it helps me stay close to the people I love @CAPS7.” @CAPS8 You can tell thanks to the computer, we talk to his parents @PERCENT1 more than he More before! In short, a computer is a kind of device that is extremely beneficial to people. Computers teach us hand-eye coordination, allow us to see places others would never know, and have conversations with friends or family that we don't usually see. Now you go out and get anyone to say the computer is a horrible invention, and you tell them why computers are so important!
Dear newspaper, I think it is bad to use your computer too much. Some people spend too much time on the Internet. Many people are so focused on the internet that they lack normal activities. Also, computers are not good for people because they will be online all night and cannot sleep. This leaves them exhausted for the day ahead. Many people spend too much time on the Internet. Since they are always on the internet, they don't spend a lot of time with their families. This causes Internet addicts to lose relationships with family and friends. Not exercising is also a consequence of this addiction. For example, my stepbrother is always online now. He doesn't talk to anyone because he's so focused on his game. Another problem people have when using the internet is being too focused. When you focus too much on the internet, you forget that the whole world needs your help and most people don't do their choir or cook for their family. These people also don't have time for the outdoor activities they used to enjoy. Internet addicts often have trouble sleeping. They don't have time to study at night because they spend all their extra time on the internet. During the day, they will be tired at school or work and the internet will be the culprit. My mom made a Facebook last month. She has been doing this. When she's on the court, she ignores everything around her. My mom went to school and she told me she never had time to study because she was always online. She also stopped reading the Bible in her spare time and went online. Internet addiction is a bad thing. You lose relationships with friends and family because you never leave your computer. People usually don't exercise or do housework. It's not a good addiction.
Dear @CAPS1, the impact of computers on people is not positive. I think people spend too much time on the computer, some information on the computer is inaccurate, and there are still phones and cell phones available for people to use. People spend most of their time on computers. Whether it's playing games, checking @CAPS2 emails, or even working, people's precious time is being spent. This time can be used for more important things, like spending time with friends and family, engaging with nature, or exercising. Using a computer instead of exercising has a huge impact on people. Some people are overweight because they don't exercise after eating. My sister works all day and she says the @NUM1 or @NUM2 ladies she works for are not healthy because all they do is eat granola bars on the computer, which is usually healthy. Most of them would feel better if they spent at least half an hour outside @CAPS3 getting some fresh air instead of using a computer. My doctor always tells my brother and I, "@CAPS3 hang out for an hour a day!" It's true, and I strongly encourage people to get outside and do activities instead of playing on the computer. Computers are heavily used for research. Some information on the computer is helpful, but you can never really know which information is inaccurate. At least when you use books or encyclopedias for your research, you can trust these sources. What if you have to report and can only use the internet, how can you tell if the information is trustworthy? Of course, computers can also teach hand-eye coordination by playing video games, but in real life, do you need to know how to shoot a dragon or dodge a candy falling from the sky? This is just one example of the unwanted information and skills that make people want to re-use their computers. Another thing you can do on your computer is communicate with others. When computers weren't invented or even that advanced, people were more than happy to call each other. Now with computers, people @CAPS2-mail, instant messaging, and even Skype; a webcam site. You can even accept what happens on your phone.
Dear readers, @CAPS1, people have been debating whether computers are actually benefiting society, especially now that most people in @CAPS2 now own one of these useful machines. Computers can help people with everyday tasks, and the benefits certainly outweigh the disadvantages. Imagine that without them most people would not be able to do their jobs and life would be much harder for the people living on this planet. Think about the successful schools in our country, and then think about which schools don't have computers. Computers are the easiest way to find information, which is important when children learn. Whenever someone needs to know something, they just google it. This comes in handy when researching large projects due next week. People have never been so knowledgeable. Computers are only important in school, but also in the workplace. They serve almost the same environment. Now that computers are so ubiquitous, people can easily type out papers and submit them to their bosses or teachers. It saves time and effort with more professional results. Computers also serve the important purpose of communicating using email or instant messaging, where a person can communicate with someone on the other side of the world without a massive phone bill. Some @MONTH1 think it's dangerous because you might be chatting with a complete stranger. However, it also opens your eyes to new cultures. Now get a first-hand look at @LOCATION1's life. Without computers, it is difficult for ordinary people to communicate with people from other countries. It's almost like being cut off from the world. There are many people who are very interested in learning other languages. There are better ways than sitting in a classroom and listening to others. As a human being on this planet, do you really want to be separated from everyone else because they don't live close enough? A major problem with computers is that nobody wants to read books and anything else. However, a recent study shows that after the advent of computers, more people started to read. This proves that just because there is something interesting and new now, doesn't mean everything else is crap. People will still keep doing what they've always done, just with new things on their bucket list. Also, everyone can choose whether or not they want to spend their time on the computer. If someone doesn't like the idea, they have no right to take it away from other people. Computers were created to help humans not control it. If a person doesn't want one, they don't have to get one, it's all up to them and that's how it should stay. Next time you see a computer, don't think of it as some kind of obsession that keeps people from doing other possible ideas. But as a general-purpose device that allows them to broaden their horizons and learn things, they may not go to the library to find a computer, it doesn't hold anyone back, it pushes everyone forward, whether it's at work, school, or even at home , they benefit everyone, everywhere.
Have you ever thought about all the amazing things computers do for us? Now, we can learn anything we want, talk to people on the other side of the world, and even make progress in other areas of technology. There is no doubt that computers have had a positive impact on people. Imagine... one second you can be in a blazing desert @LOCATION3, the next you can be in a wet, humid, animal-filled jungle...all without leaving your room! Using computers, people can always learn about new places and things. The millions of resources on the Internet make it possible to learn about other places and times. Although this information @MONTH1 is in the native library. It's much easier to get on a computer. Who wants to go through the hassle of borrowing books from the library when the internet is readily available to you? There is no need to register to get a library card. There are no late fees and no waiting lists. Clearly, using computers for research is a very valuable thing. @NUM1 people said they would rather email someone than talk to them on the phone. Now, with computers, people can send instant messages or emails to anyone from anywhere in the world. Calling @LOCATION2 from @LOCATION1 can be expensive, but via email I can call my @CAPS1 friend @PERSON1 for free. I remember when she moved to @LOCATION2. Very sad, but we promised to keep in touch. Chat easily and exchange the latest news using email and instant messaging! Being able to easily communicate with soemone is an incredible privilege that would not exist without computers to help us. Finally, computers help people make progress in other areas of technology. Where would we be in science and medicine without computers? These machines help scientists conduct experiments. By simulating the experiment, they can be sure that no other variables will affect your results. Now, experiments can be very accurate. Computers also helped advance medicine. They have been the key to unlocking various treatments for dangerous diseases. Who knows, maybe in @NUM2 years there will be a cure for cancer. All of these amazing achievements were positively influenced by computers. While @MONTH1 some people think that computers have a negative impact on our daily lives, I @PERCENT1 disagree. People can learn, talk, and advance in technology with just a click of a mouse. Computers positively impact people in many ways, so click away! Computers don't have these.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, the world of @CAPS1 forty years ago. People needed to go to the library for research, and every document, doctor's notes and architectural plans had to be written by hand or on an old typewriter. Life will be harder. Today, computers allow us to communicate with each other, access millions of websites on the Internet, and help with schoolwork. Almost every day, my parents get friend requests from long-lost school friends as well as relatives and current friends. Today's computers allow the world to talk to each other and know what's going on. My dad always said "@CAPS2 makes the world go round." Everyone gets tons of @CAPS2 about each other through social networking sites. Another form of communication is video chat. All @CAPS3 computers come with a camera, if you have a @CAPS4 you can buy one. This will let you see the face of the person who is speaking. I've heard so many amazing stories about this. One is about a soldier from @LOCATION1 coming home with his now wife. Doctors set up a computer with video chat in the operating room, while soldiers were somehow in two places at the same time. The man saw his newborn baby and his wife. Computers can do amazing things! Another reason computers are great is that they have access to the internet. There is a cool site called @CAPS5.Doctors.Com. If you have a certain disease or a certain symptom, all you have to do is enter it on the home page and it will list all possible causes or consequences. It also tells you how to treat and where to find medicines. If we review in time, you will need to see a doctor and pay to have your problem checked. Also, computers are great for schoolwork and homework. Many teachers now require or require students to type their work because it is easier to read and easier to correct. I also find that typing is faster than printing. Suppose you need to study the periodic table and write down @NUM1 facts and all the elements. There may be hundreds or thousands of websites on this topic. All you need to do is type it on google. You can also add images by copy and paste; this will enhance your work. Computers help students and teachers. Finally, computers (and electronic keyboards) are helping people with hand-eye coordination. Many schools offer typing lessons to help students. I recently searched the internet for this topic and it showed a study done by @PERSON1 and @PERSON2 that people who practice typing for at least @NUM2 minutes a day experience better @PERCENT1's hand-eye coordination. This increase will help many people with low coordination. Today, computers are helping the world in many ways. From communication to internet accessibility to helping hand-eye coordination. The world would be a worse place if computers were abandoned.
Dear newspaper people, @CAPS1's point about what computers do to people is that without computers we can't study important people and events. We also cannot import important documents. Finally we can talk to other people. Since @CAPS1's first opinion is that we can't study important people and events without computers. This is one of the reasons for @CAPS1, because if people don't know anything about important people, they can look them up. For example who is harry @PERSON1. He is the president of @NUM1. I didn't know who he was or what he did until I found him online. The second comment from @CAPS1 is that we cannot enter important papers. I say this because most people with @CAPS3 have to type paper. Without a computer, everything has to be written by hand. And some people are not good at handwriting. @CAPS1 The last comment is that we can enter people both online and offline. I say this because if you have to tell family or friends something important, but your phone is broken or broken, you can email them. Or, if you have Facebook, you can tell them. Finally you can IM them. Now that you know the three perspectives on the impact of computers, people can always move around the house or around the block.
Dear readers of @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 people today are discussing whether owning a computer is good for society. Computers benefit society in ways @CAPS1, just as it helps kids finish school. Not @CAPS1 The kids are very outgoing, but if they had a computer it would really help them. Not that @CAPS1 kids have a way to find out what they'll be broadcasting live. I'm pretty sure they don't care right now, but the computer will help them. As you can see, computers can help society. Every child who goes to school has homework from kindergarten until after school. Computers can help them with math homework, science, and even social studies homework. When your child starts middle school, they have to do reports and essays to improve their knowledge to be able to write or write essays. If you can't take your kids to libarey to get the @CAPS1 books that might get lost, then you'll have to pay for things you've used but can't use again. But computers do all that to society. Computers can help communicate in the @CAPS1 way. @CAPS1 Kids love to chat on @CAPS2, parents think @CAPS2 is their world, but they may be arranging a group. Now one day they are more timid, scared of @ORGANIZATION1 people and become friends. But now they may be more frustrated. Computers can also help you because you may be late or unable to go to appointments or meetings where many of you are in attendance. This is a great way for computers to help society. Socially, they are not a lot of people who they want to be when they grow up now. If they use computers and are really good at fixing them when they break, then @CAPS3 is the beauty of @CAPS1 where people can take pictures and put them into the computer out loud. Some people don't see their talent until someone points it out to them. @CAPS1 people can have a bad day and write a story out of it and send it to some of their friends, @CAPS4 their friends can send it to the publisher and make this person @CAPS5. As you can see, @CAPS1 is a great way you can use your computer to help your socializing. Reader computers can help you with your studies. Computers can help social communication. It also helps people find their @CAPS6. I think computers do a good job of helping society @CAPS6.
Dear newspaper, I am a firm believer in the use of computer technology by children and adults. I am a firm believer that people have bad feelings for people because you are addicted and you spend less time with your family and friends. In the end, you spend less time exercising and creating opportunities for yourself. Obviously, I think having students and adults use computers will occupy their minds and make them addicted to computers. It's bad because when you're addicted to something, you can go back. This means you will have time to do anything. For example, they forget the meaning of life and the circumstances in which we live. Addiction is hard to overcome, so don't put your life in a box, play crap, and live your life to the fullest. All in all, everything is addicting, including computers and scary ones. There's no doubt that spending too much time on a computer can corrode your brain and make you lazy. This means that the less you exercise, the less active you are. This question is specifically for teens. Teens have computers every week. Cell phones, ipods, etc. Many teens become cranky, become nodes and naughty to their parents because they are testing. Because people don't exercise and move around regularly, it can lead to serious consequences such as obesity and cancer. Obesity usually occurs when you eat, but can also occur from not eating and exercising. People who don't move get lazy and don't want to do anything that matters. Overall, computers cause people to exercise and be less active, which leads to. Finally, computers allow people to spend less and less time with their families and treat them as if they were computers. On a daily basis, teenagers listen to music, listen to music on their cell phones, on their computers. These electronics are causing. If this continues, many teens will lose their people. Computers are a waste of time because they make you. Because of their impact on people who use computers and other electronics.
Dear local paper, my name is @PERSON1 and I think computers are very useful and people learn a lot from them. Computers are very smart and probably the best technology ever invented. When you need to get to know a specific person, a computer helps. @CAPS3 Example is helping students complete assignments. The last reason I think computers are useful is that they help you connect with family and friends. The first example where I think computers are useful is if you need facts about a person, they will help you. An example is you want to go to your cop and your boss tells you to meet him at @ORGANIZATION1 so you go there and he tells you who they are going after but you don't know anything about him and you need a computer Find out why he was convicted, look at his criminal record. An example of @CAPS3 is if your teacher wants you to do a report on "@PERSON3 lopez" but you don't know anything about him, so you'll use a computer to read his life. As a final example, if you wanted to learn about your country's history and the leaders behind it, you would use a computer. The second example is students and their assignments. An example is when your teacher says "I want an essay about @PERSON2 and I want it to be neat." But your handwriting is so good that you can't write on paper, you have to use text on a @CAPS3 computer or Write programs. @CAPS3 Example is if you forgot to write your assignments on the agenda or something, then you can go to the school website and see what your assignments are. As a final example, if your teacher says to find a book about @CAPS1, you go to the library and everyone gets taken, but you have it tomorrow. So you can find your nearest place with books on your computer. The last reason I think computers are helpful to this society is because they help you connect with your friends and family. An example is if it takes a long time to write to each other, so you use online messengers like "@CAPS2" or even "facebook and myspace". @CAPS3 Example is if you don't send letters to a write address then all you have to do is go online and ask a friend or family member. As a final example, if you want to meet the person and talk to them, you can go with them on a webcam or even talk. I hope you agree with me and think that computers are useful and good for people. It helps people learn about others and information about them. Second, it helps students with school and homework, and lastly because they help you connect with family and friends. Therefore, I hope you enjoy my letter and enjoy my opinion.
Dear local paper, I think you've heard the ongoing debate about computers. Personally I think computers are really good for society. I believe this is because the computer benefits from its overall help online, internet and otherwise. The first reason why I should believe they are good for society is that computers have online capabilities. This helps by being online in chat rooms, banks, etc. as people talking to other people online can take a toll on their morale. It can boost morale in situations like officers, soldiers, who can't see their families, but being online can change that instantly. Being online also helps because you can pay your bank bills, saving you trips to the bank and wasting gas in general. So, online is my reason why you, the local paper, should agree with me. My second reason is that internat benefits a lot. The Internet, created by @NUM1 years ago. It's great because you can buy stuff on ebay, amazon, etc. This is helpful because it also saves time. The internet is also great because with the internet you can learn about foreign countries. Finally, the internet helps because you can receive news through it. This is good for society because people can immediately hear about natural disasters and problems in their communities, rather than hoping to find it on a new one or on TV. This is my second reason why you should agree that computers do help. My last reason is why computers benefit from what help, in general use later in other situations rather than just computers. For example, one way that computers could help in the future is that students can research information about a topic online and that could help improve their grades on projects. Stedy has shown that computer training helps improve soldiers' accuracy by playing online games with other people, such as in Call of Duty. This helps a lot because it improves their hand-eye coordination and we all improve their accuracy in target shooting @PERCENT1. This @MONTH1 doesn't look like much, but on the battlefield, it can make a difference. Computers are not only helpful, but are plentiful and available in places like Internet cafes and libraries. This is the last reason why I use a computer. Some people may think that computers are a bad thing because they take time away from exercising, but this is easily fixed by using the internet to buy an indoor jogger. Computers benefit society through online use. Internet, and overall help in future situations. I think there's a reason you should fight for a career in computing. Thanks for taking the time to read my comments.
Dear newspaper, I think it is good to use a computer because it will teach people hand-eye coordination. People will also have the ability to learn about different states and countries. I ask people to be able to interact with family and friends from different towns. These are the reasons why I think computers are good to use. I think the number one reason people should use a computer is that it will teach people hand-eye coordination. People will know how to use their eyes to stay focused and how to use their hands at the same time. To keep the eyes focused, people must wear glasses to see light. Also, they don't have to keep looking down as they type. When people coordinate on a computer with their hands, they know the difference, and that's why computers are good. The second reason I think computers are good is that people will have the ability to understand different states and countries. They can also see how good or bad the country and state are. They will also be able to learn about the different cultures and religions they have. Also read about @LOCATION1, @LOCATION2 and how we have a good state by state. That's why computers work so well. The last reason I use computers is so that people can interact with family and friends online. You can visit many different websites and you can search for one of your family members or friends. You can talk to each other. You can talk to them even if they are in different states. You can talk about many different things. For example, family and life, even if you miss them. That's why computers are good. That's why my computer is so good. It can not only teach you hand-eye coordination, relatives and friends, and different states. But you can also play a lot of different games and type on a notepad. Also, if you have a math problem, you can use a calculator. This is why people should use computers.
Do you think computers have a negative impact on people? Well, I don't think @CAPS2 is an easier way to get information faster. I think the three reasons why computers have a positive impact on people is knowing far away places, getting a job in computing, in business, and you're able to talk to people far away. There are many other reasons for these, but I' @CAPS1 only need to talk about three. First, you can learn about distant places, you can learn about places you can't see in real life. @CAPS2 is a faster way to get information about news that won't be in the newspaper until the next day. If you don't have the money to travel, then you can go online and see far away, @CAPS2 is just a better source of information. My second reason was to have a job in the computer industry. There are many jobs that require computers. If we don't have computers, there will be more and more people without jobs. Also, business will be slow because they don't have the information they need. That's why a computer is needed. Lastly, you can talk to people from afar, and yes, people can talk on the phone, but not if you can talk and see the person. Video chat is a great way to make new friends and still talk to old friends. You can talk to relatives, friends, or anyone you want to talk to. If we don't have computers, you will lose touch with people you know far away from you. That would be a terrible thing. In conclusion, computers are an easier way to get information. You can learn about distant places. You can get a job in the computer industry. Finally, you can talk to people from far away, and I think computers are a positive thing.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, @CAPS4, all you see on the renderings are computers everywhere. City map computers are all over the state, country, and even the world, and everything you see is a computer. @CAPS8 needs to shut down these computers so @CAPS8 can start exercising, enjoying nature and interacting with our family. It's time to finally help the soldiers of the world. Guys, @CAPS4, you look around and what do you see. Nothing but obesity. These so called computers cause this, look there. There is @CAPS5. He used to weigh more than @NUM1 lbs. All he did was call the computer with that blasting electrical error @CAPS8. One day he realized he couldn't do it anymore and did the same exercise. Just one year later @CAPS5 made @NUM2 pounds. You see, a guy named @PERSON1, who is a doctor, computer expert, who has written books on exercise, nature, and family, said, "The @CAPS7 folks turn off their computers and use the gym, Instead of @LOCATION1 the fat @PERCENT1 will drop. "@CAPS8 must stop the crazy. Soldiers, do you know what the true meaning of the enemy @CAPS8 is fighting? It makes people miss this beautiful nature. You know @PERSON1 says more than @PERCENT2 people never go to nature @CAPS7 they get a computer. They don't know what they are missing. I can now picture its plumpness just dangling from the tingling green bushes. Shine @CAPS4 into the creek's mosuelous waterfall. Completely dark scenes are majestic. And let's not forget the crickets and owls calling you to sleep under the jagged oaks. Soldiers, this is what @CAPS8 needs to get people hooked on timeless electronics. Guys, do you want to know the soldiers of this war? Computer hostages can't even spend time with their families. They are so busy with @CAPS9, @CAPS10 and other deathmatches that the real thing matters to us. My friend @PERSON2 is one of the captives of the computer. He escapes in time to stop one of his children from participating in an illegal party. Since then, @PERSON2 has put his family first. Other families were not lucky, though. In fact, @PERSON1 said, @PERCENT3's family with office workers didn't communicate and ended up breaking up. Computers have come a long way. Not only do they disrupt people's lives, but their families as well. This must end now. Do you see our future now? It fills the top computer. @CAPS8 is their slave @CAPS4 @CAPS8 is on call. They won't let us exercise, see nature's beautiful lands, or spend time with our families, so @CAPS8 can stay together. That's why @CAPS8 fights that's why you're here to join us?
Dear @ORGANIZATION2, @CAPS3 @CAPS1 @CAPS2 is all about computers. They can do anything. But think about them really helping us? Yes, they do research and all that, but actually they don't. You spend less time exercising, interacting with family and friends, and the impact of computers on @CAPS1 is here to stay. @CAPS1 Life needs exercise. "People need to get out there and do something other than being in front of a computer screen." @PERSON1 of @ORGANIZATION1 said. In fact, an hour of exercise is good for your health. However, two-thirds of @CAPS4 don't. That's why @CAPS1 @CAPS2 on is our way of @CAPS3 I'm lazy, inactive, worthless and overweight. As a result, the computer is the culprit. Have any relatives come face to face with @CAPS5 because of the computer. Computers @CAPS3 allow us to video chat with relatives or chat or email them on facebook and myspace or @CAPS5 @CAPS6. The problem with this is laziness. If your relatives live to see them, you might go there. But why waste an enemy on the internet going to a travel agency instead of saying a travel agency @PERSON2. @NUM1 of @NUM2 haven't seen relatives in other states in years. People need to go to PC @CAPS7 games, @CAPS8 everything on PC you don't even have to take that sucks, people need to do @CAPS11 the old fashioned way. @NUM3 out @NUM1 @CAPS4 uses the computer every day. People lose their jobs because of computers. Everything is so easy, no need to hire secretaries, hire and more office staff. Factory, they don't need a lot of people. Computerized @CAPS10 can take over jobs faster, easier and cheaper. They will take over one day. This is not good. In conclusion, the computer @MONTH1 seems to be the best thing on earth, but if you really, really consider @CAPS11, @CAPS11 is not. @CAPS11 will prevent you from exercising, meeting friends and family, and affecting the way @CAPS1 lives. I want you to see where I come from.
Dear @CAPS1 times, @CAPS2 Do you think computers are good for society? Well, I think so! There are many reasons why computers are both resourceful and helpful. Many citizens in our own Watertown community believe that computers are an important resource for many things, while others completely disagree. Computers can benefit society because you can learn many new things on the internet, you can also interact with your friends and family, and finally there are many applications for business. On computers and the Internet, you can learn more than NUM1 million things. A computer is a great resource when you're doing your homework. You can quickly open @CAPS3.com and search for any topic at any time. For example, if you don't know the conversion, it's easy to find on the Internet. Another thing you can be taught or told is news. Sites like nytimes.com and cnn.com can provide you with daily news. I personally use these sites on a weekly basis. On your computer, you can find vacation sports you want to know about and play. When my family plans to go to @ORGANIZATION1 in @LOCATION1, we use computers a lot. Finally, computers can teach you a lot. Second, you can interact with people on the Internet in a number of ways. These include social networking sites, web chat and email. Social networking sites are a great way to connect with family and friends from the past. Websites created for this include: facebook, myspace and twitter. These free sites allow you to add friends, send messages, and post pictures. Web chat is a way to video people. You can see someone in person from @ORGANIZATION1 on the webcam. Finally, email is a great way to notify people. You can write a visual letter to a friend of yours. In conclusion, computers are a great way to interact. Finally, computers are used for business. An application called microsoft office is used in countless businesses, microsoft office word, powerpoint, excel and @CAPS4. Each of them is used to plan, sell, present, manage and write about products. Microsoft is something you should download in the near future. As I said before, businesses also use web chat for conference calls. A production company can come face-to-face with a company from China without being in the same room as them. Much easier than flying halfway through @ORGANIZATION1. Finally, computers are used in the manufacture of products within or within an enterprise. Workplaces like @CAPS5 companies use computers to control their machines. I know the @ORGANIZATION2 factories use computers in their factories because I watched the unpacking show about them on @CAPS5 @CAPS6. Finally, a computer is an essential item in a business. In short, computers have a great impact on people. Many new and exciting things can be taught to people that they didn't know. Also, connecting humans to everyone halfway from @ORGANIZATION1. Finally, a business cannot function properly without computers. Computers can benefit society because you can learn many new things on the internet. You can also interact with your friends and family, and there are many apps for business. If I were an expert, I wouldn't have to worry about computers. They are an amazing thing. @CAPS2 Do you have the same beliefs and understandings as I do?
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, using a computer is not good for our society. Rather than spending time with our loved ones (like friends and family), our time is taken up by one electronic device that many rely on; the computer. Having such an electronic device in our daily life is not a good thing because it consumes a lot of electricity, is expensive to buy and replace, and it allows hackers or other bad guys to get in on things we don't want them to see. But electricity is the beginning of @CAPS4. We waste money by using electricity for this pointless device. We are also doing our part to destroy the environment. Greenhouse gases and fuels are polluting the air and being wasted. "I don't have a computer at home and I get along just fine." @CAPS3 local environmentalist. That's @CAPS4; we can get along just fine without computers taking over our lives. In addition to being bad for the environment, it is also bad for the economy. My dad always @CAPS3 He doesn't like to waste money and then he goes and buys a computer. Not only did this computer crash once, it crashed twice! Wasted money to buy, restore once, and now restore again! Plus computers waste our time. I always remember my grandfather saying, "I don't know why you're wasting all your precious time and money on these idiots!" With so many people buying new equipment, being able to track where it went and who saw it There will be fewer and fewer people. It's a terrible thing for the people, but a very, very good thing for the bad guys. "Bad guy" means internet hacker. As time goes on and people become less aware of what's going on in electronic life, more and more hackers will be able to get what they want. In fact, anything they want. “@CAPS4 A few months ago I posted a message on the @CAPS5 website message board saying I was going on vacation for a week. My address was posted as well because the message was uploaded from my phone. I was on vacation when I came back , half of my house is gone!" said a local resident. Burglary, robbery and internet access can lead to chaos. Weak protection is never a good thing. But remember, computers consume a lot of power, causing many people to waste time and money, letting bad guys into things we don't want them to see. Please understand the implications of how bad computers are.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 Opinion @CAPS3 I disagree about why some people support technological progress and believe that computers have a positive impact on people. Some people don't even get enough sleep if they stay up too late on the computer. Additionally, they spend less time exercising and interacting with family and friends. That's why I disagree with @CAPS1. In this paragraph, I'll tell you why I think people should @CAPS4 anything other than being on the computer all night. If they wake up in the morning and start grumpy, don't blame the computer for keeping them up all night. Would you rather have a good night's rest, or be extra tired in the morning from staying up too late on the computer? Well, once I was staying at my @CAPS1 friend's house and she was looking at the computer all night and she didn't even sleep. She was angry in the morning because she was so tired. @CAPS1 language arts teacher "@PERSON1" said "@CAPS2 staying up all night on the computer is not healthy because you have bugs under your eyes and you are sleepy. I mean lots of side effects." @NUM1 in @PERCENT1 Parents agree with me and @CAPS1 on the first reason. In this paragraph I'll tell you the second reason for @CAPS1, which is @CAPS3 why I don't agree which is shorter. (@CAPS3 parents) @CAPS4 Do you really want your kids to be lazy and on the computer all day or @CAPS4 Do you want your kids to exercise and get fitter? It's not very healthy for @CAPS1 friends' kids to be on the computer every day @CAPS3 them especially since they're young. So a few weeks ago, I talked to them about how bad it is to stay active and use the computer a lot. Now they put up with the computers they're always playing and running around outside. @CAPS1 science teacher @PERSON3 said "@CAPS5 excersize is better than doing anything inactive and it can be fun too. @NUM2 out of @PERCENT2 kids agree with @CAPS1 science teacher @PERSON2. In this paragraph I'll explain the right For you, why do I think interacting with family and friends is better than being on a computer. If you were family @CAPS4 do you think they would rather let you hang out with them or be on a computer? When I was younger @CAPS1 family Used to yell at me to get off my computer so I could hang out with them, but finally one day I understood their family pain. @CAPS1 mom said: "I should be with @CAPS1 family Hang out @CAPS1 @PERCENT3 of @PERCENT3 of @CAPS1 family members and friends agree with @CAPS1 moms. @CAPS3 @CAPS1 Conclusion I disagree with "Some people support progress and technology believe in computers versus people." @CAPS1 Reason for @CAPS3 Why that person @CAPS5 Lack of sleep, less time exercising, and more time interacting with friends and family few.
Computers, a very hot topic. Did you know that @PERCENT1's household in @LOCATION1 owns at least one computer. This applies to @PERCENT2 in @LOCATION2. Some people don't like it's true, but on the other hand some people do. I have a computer and it can do many things like it helps me with writing, I can play games and socialize with social sites and "instant messaging" on it, it even helps me order products from sites like @ORGANIZATION1 , @LOCATION3 or @LOCATION4. Like I said, I have a computer that I can use to help me write. In English school, I would use my computer to help me with writing prompts. I also use it to write conclusions for science labs. There are a lot of other kids doing the same, which is really helpful. This is just one of the reasons why I think computers are good for society. Another reason I think computers are good for society is because you can play games on them like "World of Warcraft", "@CAPS1 @CAPS2 @NUM1", or classic games like "@CAPS3 @CAPS4 @CAPS5". There are millions of people who play games on computers. You can also socialize with social networking sites like @CAPS6 and twitter, also because you can "IM" your friends. IM stands for @CAPS7 Messaging, and it's a bit like email, except it's almost instant, so you and your friends can have a conversation from your computer. There's also video chat, which is kind of like a phone call, except you can see the person you're talking to and it's on a computer, so it's almost like you're meeting face-to-face with the person you're video chatting with, but you're not. The third reason I feel computers are good for society is because you can order products through an online store website. For example, I got my @CAPS8 from @LOCATION3, and my @CAPS9 lightbulb in my house is broken, so my dad is going to buy @LOCATION1 lightbulbs on @ORGANIZATION1. It's the kind of things that make life easier for @CAPS10 @PERSON1 because then these people don't have to drive to the store to buy something, that is, if they can wait a week or two for the product to arrive. These are the things that make me think computers are good for society. I know they may not be the best reasons, but they are very important to me. It's awesome to be able to type, play games and socialize, and order products from the website. These are some of the reasons why I and others love computers. But I have a question for you, why do you like or dislike computers?
Dear local paper, computers are important to growth. They teach us skills like hand-eye coordination so you can talk online and learn about people and places far away. I believe it benefits society even though many people don't. Nine out of @NUM1 schools use computers every day and their communities are still great. I know you think it takes up real social time, but it does improve the community. Imagine a student playing basketball and his teammates pass him the ball, but he can't catch it because he doesn't have hand-eye coordination. This wouldn't have happened to him if he spent more time on the computer. There are many coordination games on the internet, like @CAPS1's pinball game, that can help build this game. When you play these games, your hands are on the mouse or keyboard and your eyes are on the screen. It helps you not to look down. When playing basketball, if you have good coordination, you can catch the ball and throw it. Of the @NUM1 people, someone keeps in touch with family or friends online. It's the best feeling when you're talking to someone you haven't seen in a long time, knowing that they still remember you. When you talk to people online, you get to know them better and they tell you things they don't want others to know. And, when you meet them, you have more to talk about. What would happen if you were going to a place you thought was good, but it turned out to be the worst place ever? It's going to be scary, but if you look it up on the internet, you'll know the truth about it. Say you want to know about a celebrity, you can look it up on your computer. There are many educational things on the computer that can help you live your life. I agree with you on one thing. Society is losing communication skills. Being on the computer all the time doesn't do anyone any good. No one picked up the phone to call their friends. They are staying away from everyone but the computer. We don't want society to stay that way. People who spend their days on a computer need to change. I think computers are an asset to the community. Many people think that computers are breaking everything, but that's not the case. Computers are good for understanding people and places. The question is, do you want people not to use computers? Now is the time to decide, do you want us to use computers to advance our education?
Dear local paper, the world is full of electronics. Computers are the latest hits these days. But even if it's popular, is it really the best? Many children and even adults are hooked on computers. It's taking their lives. Four out of five people lose interest in going out every year. This is not how you should spend your life. We all want our kids to be active and healthy, not couch potatoes. Every day, more and more children are addicted to computers. Now, whenever parents need to punish or "ground" their children, they take away electronic devices. What happened to keep them from hanging out with friends or just playing outside? Another terrifying conclusion that computers have made on us is separating us from our loved ones. Kids are more worried about "@CAPS1" or "@CAPS2" and even trying to kill a dragon than spending time with their family. They will choose computers over people who will always be in their lives. This computer is tearing apart families. Now, more families are only together when they have dinner together. Also, instead of discussing issues with their parents, kids go to sites like "@CAPS3" or "@CAPS4.com." Now more and more people don't like to do some things because of the computer. Not many people like to go out and enjoy nature. Some people don't like to read anymore because they prefer to play games. Some people don't even want to pick up the phone and order pizza. People looking for jobs don't report anymore; they go online! The world is revolving around electronics. We need to end this before our kids or grandchildren start out of shape and start relying on commuters for everything. Don't we really want to destroy the world and lose touch with our families? I say, make life better, get rid of the computer!
I think computers are great because if you need to remember something, all you have to do is look there, emeil, they remember what you had to do, and if you get lost, all you have to do is look at the quick map. If you need to complete a school project, you can look for the project's website on your computer, if you need to find information about enythiny inportent on the website, you can type down the website and it will appear on the computer, if your child has no Things to do, they can play games, including math games, @CAPS1 games, and hunting for nock nock jocks.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3 @CAPS4 I'm talking about computers these days and I have to agree with those who think it takes up more of our time. I almost never see people playing outside anymore because apparently computers are more fun than being with your friends and family. Why do you think obesity is so high these days? Well there's a reason I @CAPS5 When my parents were kids, they didn't have computers and they went outside to enjoy nature. Computers have their ups and downs, but I don't think they are good for society, first of all computers are taking up our time with friends and family. I remember when facebook and @CAPS6 weren't even created, people were actually doing fun things with their friends and family there. A recent study shows that since @DATE1 to @PERCENT1, all Americans use their computer more than @NUM1 @CAPS2 per day for a variety of different reasons. I think computers were invented mainly to make reasoning easier, but now we use them only with social networks. The second biggest point on why computers can't benefit us is because obesity rates have risen @PERCENT3 over the past @NUM2 years, what's causing it? Eating unhealthy food, sitting in front of the computer all day without exercising. I'm pretty much @PERCENT2 convinced that our world would be a healthier place if people stopped using computers. Don't you feel sorry for the people who are stuck there for life because of these habits? I @CAPS5 Most people will feel bad. My last reason is that we have this amazing planet and nobody seems to like it anymore because if people go out every once in a while and they use up all their time on the computer, they realize they've been Wasting time. A recent study showed that @PERCENT4 people spend their entire day indoors doing nothing! More than half! ! I hope this will change soon, because computers just give people trouble and no one seems to have any kind of life these days. Computers have spread to all kinds of societies, but please don't let it take over this friendly town @CAPS1.
Dear @ORGANIZATION3, At a pole hosted by @ORGANIZATION2 (@CAPS1) @PERCENT1 @ORGANIZATION1, the consensus is that computers are easier to do research than to go to the library. In the years since @DATE1, there has been a growing debate about whether computers are good for society. Today in the US @PERCENT2 @ORGANIZATION1 everyone owns a computer, which according to @ORGANIZATION1 is definitely a big plus for today's society as it makes the world better and easier to communicate, text and information easier To be used by the public and to allow necessary technological advancements. Communication is an important part of @ORGANIZATION1 America and the world in this day and age. Communication is carried out by computers. @CAPS3 computers provide better and faster communication. They are also more reliable. In @DATE2, if you wanted to speak to someone from afar, you had to send a letter. Besides sending a letter, there's the risk that it won't get there. It will be stolen in the mail and @ORGANIZATION1 will take time to get there. All @CAPS3 are addressed in today's email and instant messenger (@CAPS2), @CAPS3 is reliable, cannot be stolen, and can be spread around the world in seconds. Computers are not only a means of communication, but one of the most important ways of research for @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS4 Internet people need to go to the library and risk @ORGANIZATION1 the book is not there or the library is closed. All the information in the world via the Internet @ORGANIZATION1 @NUM1./ Computers are also the former of today's technological advancements. Computers allow us to have inventions that can run on their own, so humans don't need to do it. The same technology that saves lives every day and enables us to create better technology for @ORGANIZATION3. As you can see, the computer is the greatest technology created in @DATE1, enabling faster and more reliable communication, the greatest library the world has ever known, and allowing the creation of even more advanced technologies by @ORGANIZATION1. In this age of @ORGANIZATION3, computers are a great benefit to society and a necessity of life.
Dear newspaper editor, I think computers are everyone's @CAPS1. First, you can learn about places around the world by clicking. Also, you can communicate with friends and family. Finally, it makes your life easier. Here are some reasons why you should buy a computer for your family. First, you can instantly understand things you didn't even know were real. You can learn about ancient civilizations, different cultures and different recipes for tonight's dinner. You can also get help with school work. If you need to know about @CAPS1 @CAPS2 of @LOCATION1, you just type it. If you need to learn your multiplication table, you type it and it will appear in seconds. The internet is @CAPS1 for searching all types of things. Second, you can talk to your family and friends on the Internet. I hear a lot of people say people need to spend more time with their families. So you can talk to someone in @LOCATION2 and anywhere else on your computer. It's like a pen pal, but you don't waste money buying envelopes and stamps to send letters. Computers cost a lot, but are worth it. You can do almost anything on your computer. Finally, if you have a computer, it will make your life easier. Instead of going to the library and picking up a cookbook, you can enter chicken dinner recipes. Your computer will come up with hundreds of different ways to make @CAPS1 chicken for dinner. You can tell a friend that you can't go to a party. Also, teach you the homework you do. Your life will be easier if you buy a computer. In short, you should buy a computer. If you do this, you will learn a lot. It's like having a book with everything you need or want to know. That's why you have a computer and can run it in a reasonable amount of time.
Dear @LOCATION1 @CAPS1 I think it's fine to use a computer, is there some reason? My first reason is that you can find stuff online. My second reason is that you can have fun. My last reason is that you can make @LOCATION1 friends. I'll write @NUM1 paragraph to explain my reasons. Going back to my introduction, my first reason is that you can find stuff online. If you can't find a job, you can find some online. If you want to go to college but don't have time, you can take classes online. These are my details to support my reasons. My second reason is that computers are fun. For me, they're fun because when you're bored, you can play games. If you're not a gamer, you can play servays. Or you can find out the facts. Then how can I support my second reason. My third reason is that you can meet @LOCATION1 people. If you want to find an old friend, you can search for @LOCATION1 people. Or there are social networks like myspace, facebooks, twitter etc where you can meet @LOCATION1 people. Most people want to meet @LOCATION1 people. To end this story, my @NUM2 reason is that you can find stuff online, and my second reason is that you can have fun. My last reason is that you can meet @LOCATION1 people.
I believe computers haven't had a positive impact on the people they've actually taken over their lives during this time. Many health problems occur in a generation full of computers. Plus, when you're addicted to Facebook, there's less time in your schedule for more important things. Also, when computers came along, there was always less money! Computers can really harm your health! For example, all typing can lead to arthritis in the hands and fingers in the long run. Did you know that complexes induce more seizures than epilepsy? Dr @LOCATION1 says "people don't cause obesity, computers do" @CAPS1 also believes that most obesity is caused by addiction to computer games. Is there anything more frustrating than a long nature walk that feels great? Many people tell them to rely on their computer when they go down. Computers often make things worse. It can be hard to find time for even the most important things when you're on Twitter, Facebook, Google and you. For example, if you're a parent, your kids may feel abandoned, and if you start caring about computers instead of spending very little time together, they may be drinking or smoking. I make you never have a computer like that! Computers can be a great way to relax, but they can also become an addiction when you become so addicted to sitting on them that you forget about the beauty of nature! Money can also lead to addiction. For example, shopping addiction is a great way to make money because it's easy. All you have to do is enter a credit card number, which will give you the illusion of not spending money until the bill arrives! Another thing is kids sites like webking, you need to pay for it, and also internet and electricity bills. It's clear that computers only cause health problems and reduce the time in your daily schedule and the money in your pocket. For me, computers are just a nuisance in our lives.
Newspapers and readers, computers are an essential part of our lives and society. However, there are still people who think computers are harmful. In fact, computers have many positive effects on people. These effects include ease of communication, ease of gathering information, and ease of finding entertainment. The positive effects of computers far outweigh the negative effects. Computers make it easy for people to communicate. There are many ways to communicate using a computer, and they are all free. For example, instant messaging, @CAPS1 email video chat, chat rooms, @CAPS2 (and other social networking sites) are all there to help you communicate with friends and family. The positive effect this has on people is that it allows them to stay in touch with people they may not be able to reach due to financial or convenience issues. Socializing is healthy for people, so communication is a positive effect of computers. Information is easier to obtain when using a computer. For example, if a kid needs to know the climate of @CAPS3 @CAPS4.S for his social research project, rather than having to go into his mom, drive all the way to the town library, and spend time looking for books, he can log on to @ORGANIZATION1 and download from Start there. This is a positive for him as it saves him some time and energy. In addition, you can find more useful information on the Internet, such as: flight times, prices, restaurants, stocks, weather, news and any basic information you need to know. All in all, owning a computer is a very positive thing in people's lives. Computers are an important source of entertainment. In this economic climate, I know we can all benefit from not having to pay the high prices for movie rentals and exams or console games. Online games are a lot of fun and you can find a lot of good games for free. In addition to this, there are several websites that offer free movies and TV shows that can be streamed directly to your computer. These things are a great solution to the growing loss of entertainment. Saving money and enjoying good entertainment are both positive effects on people, and both are provided by computers. I hope readers of this newspaper now understand how good a computer is next time you pay late fees for a library book or movie, remember that the internet and your computer provide an alternative.
For the people @MONTH1 follows, computers are good for society. They promote learning, coordination, and even general welfare. It's true that computers @MONTH1 are detrimental to one's health and affect one's amount of exercise and interaction, but the positive effects of computers more than make up for it. People learn from computers a lot of what they know. The countless things one can learn from it include defining new words, scientific theories, algebraic equations, history, laws, any number of languages, and more. Computers, when used for learning, can teach people what @MONTH1 learned in school, but in their own time, computers exercise the brain and teach it to think beyond the boundaries of "@NUM1". They also teach the brain how to better guide the body to its own needs. For some people, coordination can be very useful, which can be a problem. Without coordination, people cannot catch the ball, avoid certain hazards, or even stand. To help improve this, one needs to practice. They can practice by practicing catching a ball, threading a needle, or using a computer. Using a mouse on a computer helps with hand-eye coordination because it forces the brain to point the mouse somewhere on the screen to do the work that needs to be done. At first, the process @MONTH1 was very slow, but over time as the brain's practice of this coordination improves and the process speeds up @CAPS1, the person will be able to use the computer faster and more efficiently. This will help them play games, learn, and even help people when they need it. Helping people is very important in this day and age. That's why it's important for people to discover news quickly so they can help. The computer allows this. For example, on the day of the deadly earthquake in @LOCATION1, most of the world discovered this from their computer within an hour. News sites broadcast its social sites like @CAPS2 talking about it, people talking about it to each other online. The rapid spread of news saved many lives at @LOCATION1 as people immediately gave up on what they were doing and rushed to help. Computers influence people because they help deliver news and stories that make them want to help people. Many sites are also good at donating money while playing the game. For example, www.freenke.org is a website that donates @NUM2 grains of rice for every question answered correctly, they have donated @NUM3 grains of @CAPS3 grains of rice. Clearly, computers and websites like this must have a positive impact on the world. In general, one would think that computers have had a positive impact on the world. Although restricting exercise, they encourage learning and exercise of the brain. Computers can also help people coordinate, which is very important. Finally, computers facilitate a world where people want to help each other, and where people keep up with current events, whether they like it or not. Thank you, editor, for taking my position on the positive impact computers have on the world.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 Do people benefit from using computers. Some say using a computer instead of exercising and going out is a bad thing. I personally think using computer technology is a good thing. Computers teach hand-eye coordination, help people learn, and allow people to communicate with others. The use of computers teaches hand-eye coordination and reaction time. Some say exercising outdoors is better than using a computer, but many computer games help with hand-eye coordination. Change Playing computer games is getting longer and longer, and the time it takes you to react to the game you're playing and press the mouse button is very important. These skills can help you in the activities you participate in and in your daily life, personally I play a lot @CAPS3 @NUM1, a computer gaming system. @CAPS3 greatly helps with your hand-eye coordination and it's shown in the four sports I've played. Obviously, a computer can be very helpful and can help with your hand-eye coordination. Computers can also help people learn in a number of ways. There is a lot of content on the internet that is simply not usable at school. The ability to understand a foreign country is an important part of student learning. I use the internet almost every night to enter my paper and find the information I need. It helped a student. Also, typing on a computer is becoming the new @CAPS4 of handwriting. Teachers are starting to demand that school assignments be printed and printed on computers. Documents can be saved so that they are not lost like handwritten hard copies. While many people think using a computer is a waste of time, it can also help you stay organized. Many people have a calendar on their computer that can send you reminders based on your schedule. Your computer is also where data like music and pictures can be saved. Computers are also very useful for learning and organizational purposes. We can use computers to communicate with others. People use computer technology every day to communicate via @CAPS5, @CAPS6 and I-chat. If I needed to know what our homework was, or when I needed it, I would use my computer to ask someone for the answer. Talking to other people was a lot harder until I started talking to my computer. Although many people disagree with the use of computer technology, computers are often how we communicate with foreign countries. When something happens abroad, the first way we find it is with computers. We have to use computers to communicate with other countries. Obviously, computers are important for communication purposes, and we must continue to use them for a number of reasons. Although many people disagree with the use of computers, hand-eye, communication, and learning purposes are all very important. Without computer technology, the way we operate would be very different. You can continue to use your computer.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2, don't you think computers help society? I do believe that computers can help society and be used for very good purposes. They help people of all ages. It's easier for kids to find information @CAPS3 provides kids with some great facts to help build knowledge, not only for kids but for adults as well. It's easy to see why adults think kids don't read enough, but kids read more than enough on a computer. Some parents think that just because kids don't go to the library to get a book for their report, they're not gaining knowledge, but they're gaining knowledge because everything they can look up in the library is available on the computer. Computers help kids around the world find things quickly and easily. Computers not only let them know what happened in the past, but also what is happening in the present. It can also provide kids with information like weather updates to help keep them safe. More than @PERCENT1 what you can find in a library, you can find on a computer. Some parents think that kids don't get enough practice, but they also skip a lot of knowledge and important facts. On your computer, you'll get a lot of facts, such as whether to update on natural disasters, how to help those in need, and other very important facts. Without computers, kids won't be able to make up for all the knowledge they missed in school. Make up for what they missed. Computers help people around the world acquire knowledge. Computers not only help children, but adults as well. They can work on the computer, see the house, the car and many other important things. Certenly @CAPS1, you don't want to take all your knowledge and help on your computer to hot kids and adults. It can help adults, especially to keep things going. It also helps change their diet or behavior @CAPS4 are some of the reasons penales shouldn't be against computers as they help kids use @CAPS3, provide kids with important facts, and help people of all ages. Some facts from @CAPS4 that might help change,
Computers will definitely have a positive impact on society. They help organize your thoughts, which can create stress. Therefore, they contain many inspirational articles that will convince children to strive for carefreeness. Finally, when all else fails, a computer can be a great way to relax and clear your mind. Computers help organize your thoughts, which helps reduce stress. Imagine you are working on a project at school. Everyone can add and you can selectively choose the ones you want to add. Also, you @MONTH1 blocked programs you didn't want. This device is called a computer and it makes society better at @LOCATION1. On average, @NUM1 out of @NUM2 @CAPS1 are under pressure. Now, why would it be a great relief if you organize your thoughts on your computer and are able to look at them again. Don't worry about thoughts @MONTH1 or @MONTH1 don't remember, you can now have the confidence to look back and find your thoughts on @CAPS2. Reduce the confidence effect of stress trading on society. Also, the computer contains articles from @MONTH1 to ensure our kids are working towards their goals. Once a child read an article @PERSON1, a book by @ORGANIZATION1. Use @PERSON1 as @NUM3 as well at school. Through the game, I observed how @CAPS3 came into @CAPS3 as I started to see @PERSON1 as my role model, taking a big step forward for @CAPS4.O @CAPS5. Where did this inspiration come from? Research @PERSON1 on the internet. In this context, the internet is clearly having a positive impact on @CAPS6 society. Finally, when all else fails, you can rely on your computer to relieve stress from stressful situations. If you can solve a problem, why can't you solve it? Many times the answer to this question is that the situation is too overwhelming. If you take a break, keep @MONTH1 relaxing and simple game, launching various websites. Now say you come back and attack the question again. You keep weakening it and it seems unstoppable. Thank you computer god! In this case, computers have had a positive impact on @CAPS6 society. As you know, computers have had a powerful and positive impact on @CAPS6 society.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1 Editor, In my opinion, I think people spend a lot of time in technology because a lot of people I know are stuck in technology and don't even work. Also, spend a lot of time on the computer and other things, then spend time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. People near there will get addicted to technology and they will start killing brain cells. Sometimes people get locked out because too much information is given, or you do something you shouldn't. Downloading certain things can also cause harm to your computer, such as viruses that can crash your computer's hard drive and system. There are many pros and cons to using a computer, bad things like stalkers, hackers, snatchers, blindness, etc. The great thing about being on a computer, then, is that it can teach hand-eye coordination, allowing people to understand distant places and people, and even allowing people to talk to other people online like friends or family. In my life it helps a bit because I play a lot of army games so when I go out with my cousins and friends we'll stick tags in stadiums and I'll use the same that I've learned to beat other teams tactics. It hurts some people's eyes when all they're doing is going straight up stairs on the screen. An experience like @NUM1 months ago when I last stayed at my aunt's house, all my cousins did was stay with me until they had to shower, clean and eat, they didn't even sleep until 8 @TIME1 . Some parents should spend at least an hour a day talking about his game. For me, I was only on the computer for twenty minutes before logging in and getting back online later in the day.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2's name is @PERSON1, and I will be talking about the amazing impact of computer technology on humanity. Lots of great discoveries and great topics on compture, research shows that famous <@PERCENT1@NUM1> homes in America have at least one computer. There's a great way to find important information without spending hours looking for it, signing up with others, let's face it, and make our lives easier. Let's imagine! Your stress and edge, you only have @NUM2 hours to search the subject of your upcoming historical paper. You have a terrible headache and just want to quit smoking, and you're probably reading hundreds of books in the library. Now imagine you're at home lying on your lap, just a few taps on the keyboard and bang! instant information. How easy this is now is one of the huge impacts that computers have had on us humans. Computers are great for learning things quickly. I personally use a computer to @CAPS2 advantage you log in to google and type in knowledge topics like you have a personal teacher in your own home. A local study is in progress, there is a group, @CAPS6 A has a library full of books, @CAPS6 @CAPS3 a @CAPS6 and a @CAPS4 @CAPS5, scientists gave them all the same papers, @CAPS6 @ Students in CAPS3 < @PERCENT1@NUM3> passed the flight collar, while students in @CAPS6 A <@PERCENT1@NUM4> passed @CAPS9 or higher. This is important because higher grades mean higher test scores. Higher test scores equal fundimg. I think computers are the best inventions and will not prevent humans from evolving them. Let's imagine! You sit at home crying because your special someone has moved away from you, and a computer is a great way to reconnect with that person. Computers have software that lets you instant message, send email, and even video chat with that person. Even for some businessmen, it's a way to have meetings without flying @NUM5 miles. I have @NUM2 aunties I can't live without them, they are such a strong foundation for @CAPS2 that I can't talk to them for a day. Without a computer, I don't know what I would do. Scientist Tools survey found that @PERCENT1 to @CAPS10.SA have family members in other states, countries and even content, hey hey there must be some way of connecting. @CAPS2 The last reason is that I know we have to admit that computers make life easier for me and yours. Some jobs that have opened up provide some computer income to unpaid citizens. <@PERCENT1@NUM1> jobs were relayed on the computer. Imagine a chaser counting all the money, a banker having to spend time counting everyone else's cash one by one, a telemarketer calling without any information. All these ways and more that computers affect us. Now let's see how computers don't need our ability to learn, contract others, and last but not least make life better for me and you. Computers are an excellent way for humans to adapt to a fast-paced life.
Dear local paper, I believe that computers have a positive effect on people. It helps students with projects, it helps people learn about other places, @CAPS1 it helps you find information about things you don't know. @NUM1% of teachers distribute computer projects. Most reading teachers will have you read a book and then write an essay or review about your book. Most teachers prefer typed to written essays. By assigning this assignment by the teacher, he/she enables students to explore in addition to always writing. And I'm sure other students will agree with me that @CAPS2 typing is better than essay writing! Is there a place you really want to know more about that you would like to visit someday? Well, you can always use your computer to learn more about the place. You can use your computer to know when is the best time to visit the place. @CAPS1 If you've just heard the news about a traditional accident like an earthquake in @LOCATION1 and you want to stay in touch with what's happening in that place, you can use a computer. The computer will keep you up to date with what's going on there every day. I'm sure almost everyone has read a book and encountered a word they didn't know, or a student spelled a word they didn't know what those words meant. Well, you can look up words with a computer. The computer will give you the full definition and how to pronounce it. Computers @CAPS1 will help you find any information @MONTH1 needs, "and @CAPS3!" In short, computers are not just something kids play with all day, they can help you do many things like get work done, find places, and Find information on things you need to know, "And @CAPS3!"
Dear @CAPS1, I think computers have a great influence on people. In the next paragraphs, I'll give all my reasons for what computers help people do. I'll discuss how computers give people good typing skills, how they provide information to people, and how they allow us to socialize. Today, more than 94 percent of people have computer advertising and feel as though they have learned a lot from it. I bet you don't know! First, I'll tell you how computers help people type. @CAPS2 on the computer is not in alphabetical order. This means you have to practice more to type better. I remember the first time I tried @CAPS2 it was difficult, but the more I tried, the better I got. Once I get better I realize where the keys are and soon I don't even have to look at the computer, all parts of it help people by teaching them the skills @MONTH1 uses. Their field of work requires these skills @MONTH1. Computers are useful devices. What I'm going to tell you next is how computers get useful information and where kids work and learn a lot about computers. It owns information and owns websites on the internet. computer. My last reason is that computers have good results. If you need to talk to a friend but don't want to call them, you can go to the website and chat with them. There are so many you can't choose! Did you know they are over a million such sites? @CAPS3 @CAPS4 to name a few. It also gives people the opportunity to socialize with people from all over the world. This in turn enables people to have better social skills. Maybe they will become ore friendly and more outgoing. It's all because of one little thing, and that little thing is the computer! So you can see that computers have a lot of wonderful effects on people. They help people type better, provide tons of information that people want to know, and get better social skills, you can't just study, I don't know if I can get a very clear image in my head. Thank you for reading this and taking what I have to say.
I think computers have shaped @LOCATION1 into what it is today. Computers help people learn, they give people entertainment, all of which can be managed within a certain space of time, so you still have time to go out. Computers help everyone learn. Makes things easier by typing an article because you can type it faster and make changes easier. Also, it's cheaper to buy a computer and go online to find a foreign country and then actually go there. Another example is that computers teach you hand-eye coordination by typing and using a mouse. Finally, computers can teach you life lessons by reading articles written by others. Computers kill time for bored people. An example is that you can play computer games on a rainy day or when you can't go out. Also, you can chat with friends via Facebook or Aim. Another example is that you can use a program such as Skype to talk to distant family members in another country. Finally, instead of wasting gas and going to the store, you can order stuff online and you might order stuff to play outside. A lot of people say that computers keep kids inside without knowing that they are the way to prevent this from happening. An example is that you can use a shutdown timer to stop anyone from using the computer for an extended period of time. Also, many people learn how to manage their time on the computer. Another example is that parents can make rules that do not allow their children to play computer games on certain days and/or times. Finally, you can put the computer in the family room so the kids don't spend the night playing in the room. These are just some of the many reasons why computers help @CAPS1. They help us learn, pass the time, and manage over time. Reading this now, I want you to believe that computers are good for society.
Dear @CAPS1, Computers are helpful in many ways, but I don't support their use. Technological advancements have literally robbed people of their lives all over the world, some examples of which are lack of exercise, too much time in it, and not enough time with family and friends. Read on to learn more, because town computers won't benefit society. As you know, when you use a computer, you usually sit in a chair, right? Well, this activity does one thing, not keeping you fit or in shape. I'm sure you want to be fit, and in order to stay fit, you have to get some exercise throughout the day, and sitting at the computer doesn't help you at all. So you can clearly see that so far, the use of computers is not good for our society, the disadvantages of continuing to use computers. Believe it or not, using a computer is not healthy, nor beneficial, in more than one way. The reason for this is that not only are you not getting enough exercise, but you are not going out as often. You @MONTH1 wonder why it's unhealthy to be outside, but it's because you don't get the amount of fresh air you need so you don't get sick. Can you imagine how many people would get sick if everyone used a computer most of the day? Well, it wouldn't be fun to count them all. Now that you know two ways in which computers are not good for society. Read on for a way to rest. As you probably know, getting a large family close to each other is a daunting task, and using a computer won't do you any favors. So why use them? Trust me, spending quality time with family and friends is as much or more fun than playing your favorite computer games, in my opinion, your family should be the most valuable thing in your life, so don't lose them for a computer. Now you have read it. Thank you for taking the time to read this letter about lack of exercise, too much time indoors, not enough time with family and not being good for society.
Dear @CAPS1, I believe a computer is one of the most useful things we can have. First, computers are good for communication. Students @MONTH1 If you have questions about assignments, please contact the instructor via email. Computers can also be used for teaching. People use @CAPS2 every day to get information on their favorite sports team or a new recipe they saw on TV. Finally, computers help us do our jobs more easily. Students and staff use @ORGANIZATION1 for everything from writing papers to creating presentations. In addition, computers are extremely important to our daily lives because they help us communicate, learn, and get work done. Every year, thousands of students go to college and thousands of families move away from each other. Computers are a way to communicate with loved ones who are far away @CAPS8. Parents email their children in college. Families talk to each other via @CAPS3. Computers make this possible. Not only can we use computers to communicate with family members, but we can also use computers to talk to teachers. Whenever a student is sick but wants to complete an assignment, they check the teacher's website. Here, all assignments for the course are listed. Also, if a student has a paper on @DATE1 and their printer is down, they @MONTH1 email the paper to the teacher. This enables students to receive full credit for their work. Email is not only useful for submitting projects, but also for asking questions about assignments. If a student has questions about an assignment, he or she can ask a friend or teacher. Students will then be able to successfully complete the project. Computers are one of the most useful forms of contact today, but communication is not the only purpose of computers. The average person uses @CAPS2 ten times on @DATE1 just for information. Computers provide a great deal of knowledge for people to use. Search engines like @ORGANIZATION3 or yahoo provide answers in less than a second. This is much faster than going to the library and spending an hour looking up books. Website text is not anything informative, far eager learners @CAPS5 also provide pictures to further understand people's understanding of a topic. For example, if a person lives in @LOCATION1 and has lived there their whole life, but is reading an article on the site about the @LOCATION2 protozoa, they won't know how to picture it in their minds. Articles and books @MONTH1 provide descriptions, but nothing really gives a solid picture of the person. The person can go online and search for pictures they are sure to find. Finally, the computer keeps the brain active. When searching on a website, people can piece together information from different sites to form a better picture, leading to a more complete and thorough understanding. However, in order to do this, one's brain must be constantly working. This helps build skills later on, such as problem solving. Overall, a computer is one of the most useful and common learning devices. Many people say that computers are useful. They agreed, saying that working on a computer has become easier and faster. On average, computers are 50 times more efficient at getting work done than humans. That's because programs like @CAPS6, @CAPS7, and @ORGANIZATION2 @ORGANIZATION2 @CAPS8 allow people to correct spelling and grammar mistakes while creating clean-looking presentations. Research shows that @PERCENT1 people with poor spelling or grammar habits quickly correct @CAPS8 mistakes via @ORGANIZATION2 and @CAPS6. If people frequently make grammatical or spelling mistakes, then underlining @CAPS6 will show them that this is not the right way to punctuate or spell something in a sentence.
Dear @CAPS1, Computers can have positive or negative effects on people. It all depends on how you look at it and what type of person you are. You can say that computers have a very positive effect on people, or that computers have a very negative effect on people. My point is that computers have a positive effect on people, but you can't say I'm just a kid and she's been playing with computers. It's true, but it can teach you hand-eye coordination. For @CAPS2, what I'm doing now is learning to type faster and faster. Another @CAPS2 is that some people type faster than they type, but some people type faster than they type. Personally I'm faster than writing. My last reason is that after a hard day at school or work, you can go home, play some music and relax. It's a good idea to learn how to type fast, so if you're going to write a story for school. You've just started this story and it's due tomorrow. If you stared at typing when you were young, you'd do well, and by middle school you could type pretty fast. This way you can finish your story in time. This means you should learn how to type faster. Some people prefer writing to typing, and some prefer typing to writing. I personally prefer typing to writing, but that's just me. Suppose a friend of mine likes to write more about things than genres, that's fine. After that we are no longer friends, we just love the same things. This means that some people prefer to write rather than type. This might happen after a hard day at school or at work, and you can go home and use your computer to play some music and relax. You can play all the music you want. and doing other things at the same time. For @CAPS2, I'm chatting with friends while playing music. I @CAPS3 use it for homework. In conclusion, it's a good idea to keep the computer in use. People can still enjoy nature and computers at the same time. In general, computers have a positive impact on people.
I think the idea of computers benefiting our community is great. Technology has come a long way over the years. The most important thing is the computer. Most schools have computers. The reason is to benefit society. They save a fortune on paper. You can also learn more about placing @CAPS1. These reasons support why we need computers. Computers benefit our communities by saving paper. It also makes our work cleaner. We can talk to friends and family. The main reason is that it gives more jobs to computer technicians, people need more jobs computers also provide news. Says the mayor needs to send important information about polluted water, which he can email. The main thing in our society today is going green. The only way we can do this is to switch to a computer. We had to cut down so many trees to get @NUM1 sheets of paper for every kid in the grade. Adults should understand that we need to save paper. Now I know what you're thinking, we need to print something. My answer is that you can email it to a parishioner or anyone else. Today's children need to learn more about other cultures. We need to know what an economy is. The fasting we can do is the internet. It's much faster than flipping through thousands of books. All you have to do is enter where you want and it's there. There are many benefits to owning a computer, my last reason is that it can also help you very well. If you want to be an athe lite than you need a lot of it. How the computer gives you hand coordination is by typing and moving the mouse. The best way is to play a lot of educational video games. All the facts and statements I give you like to benefit the community, go green, and learn about other places as well. Please hear my facts before you write the article.
Dear @CAPS1 paper, I have to choose computers. I love computers for a few reasons, they can talk to friends online, they can learn things, and you can play video games. One of the reasons I support computers is that you can chat with friends online. So if you have facebook or myspace, you can talk to your friends all day long if you want. I mean simply type in what you want to say to your friend and they will receive those exact words and then they will reply. For example, if you just want to say hello, your friend will check his/her message and reply. So being able to talk to friends online is an example of my computer choice. Another reason I'm totally in favor of computers is to be able to learn things. So if you want to learn a language then you go to google or other sites and try to find a quick and easy site. I mean, if you go to google there will be a whole bunch of sites, so all you have to do is find the fastest and easiest site for you. So learning important things like languages is another reason why I love computers. The last reason I choose a computer is because you can play video games. I mean, if you're bored and there's no one to talk to, then you can play a numbing game or a classroom educational game on the computer. For example, in science class, we played a game on the computer, and it had something to do with gravity, and that's what we're learning, so it's an educational game. This is the last reason I love computers. I like computers because you can play games. So now you know why I love computers. I love computers because you can chat with friends online, learn things and play video games.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, I know there is an ongoing discussion about whether computers have a positive impact on people. I believe that computers do not have a positive effect on people because children on computers are not safe, they spend too much time on computers, and the cost of programs and internet is too high. First, computers have negative effects on people, including chickens, because computers are not safe. With all these @ORGANIZATION1 technologies, child predators can go to facebook or other sites and find all information about you. This has happened to many people. Some predators visited my friend @PERSON2's Facebook page and found out his birthday, where he lived and what school he went to. This guy sent a threat to @PERSON2 that he was going to have an accident. Fortunately, with the help of the police, they were able to find and arrest @PERSON2 before he got to him. This has been happening these days. More than @PERCENT1 in @CAPS3 has all the info about it on these sites and child predators have seen them. @PERSON1 said "@CAPS1 this @ORGANIZATION1 technology helps, but if it's negatively impacting society, but @DR1 computers are doing good things." @CAPS2 @ORGANIZATION1, you want @CAPS3 to be known by these computers because of the computers they need Know everything child predators take away? Another reason why computers negatively affect people is that @CAPS3 spends too much time on the computer and not enough time outside for homework and exercise. These @ORGANIZATION1 sites allow @CAPS3 to chat with friends and play games, which makes @CAPS3 lazy and computer addicted. My friends used to play outside for hours when they were kids. He would play a variety of different sports with his neighbors. Now that @PERSON3 is older, all he does is sit at the computer until his parents have to force him off the computer for dinner. @PERSON3's grades have dropped drastically and he's gotten very fat compared to what he used to be. Stats show that @CAPS3 above @PERCENT2 gained weight due to inactivity and their performance dropped @NUM1 on the @NUM2 rating scale. Dr. @DR1 Much said, "@CAPS3 has forgotten the fun of playing outside and lost the determination to do well in school. It's all because of these @ORGANIZATION1 computers @CAPS2 @CAPS3 can now go to any site and do that on that site anything." @LOCATION1 @ORGANIZATION1, do you want your @CAPS3 to gain weight and stop doing well in school? Finally, because of money, computers have a negative impact on society. Many families spend thousands of dollars on computers and @CAPS1 have them fixed. These @ORGANIZATION1 computers are very expensive. For @CAPS4 machines, they range from @MONEY3@NUM3. Then every household has to buy the software and programs that go with the computer. A close family friend of ours just bought a computer. They bought a @CAPS5, spent @MONEY2, and most importantly, they spent @MONEY3 on all the programs needed for the computer. The family can't afford the computer, but they think they need one. @CAPS2 They went to the college fund for money. Now their kids have to go to a cheap school @CAPS2, their family won't. Statistics show that families with @PERCENT3 are wasting college tuition on computers because families think they need them. @DR2 @CAPS6 Dr., "Families don't need computers, but they waste college money on them. @CAPS2 @ORGANIZATION1 Do you think college fund money is worth a computer? A computer isn't worth @CAPS1 your kids.
Dear @CAPS1, a recent study by scientists shows that sitting too long, especially in front of a computer, is bad for your health. This is just one of the reasons why I think computers, while useful, are not entirely beneficial to our society. Get in the way of exercising, interacting with nature, and spending time with family and friends. We all know that exercise is a must for staying healthy. But how is this possible if some people go to work every day and stay in front of their computer in the office all day? Even for kids, too much computer time can lead to obesity and overweight. Also, like I mentioned before, scientists have ended the inquiry, sitting too long is bad for you. This is not how the body works. If you've seen Wave, one of @ORGANIZATION1's latest movies, it's easy to do. The people in that movie, after relying on computers for so long, are fat and fat and have no muscles. This is of course, but a secondary vision for this around the world. Going out and doing it instead of sitting in front of the computer is a surefire way to get healthy. The next thing computers limit us is our ability to experience nature. Even the simulation won't cut it. If you want to see frogs or other animals, don't just @ORGANIZATION2 it, look for it in reality. Developing a connection with nature can really foster the use of nature. Instead of exploring computers, explore the world as we know it until it or you're too old. Learn how to do something. Instead of hiring someone to do it, do it yourself. Do it to learn it, sit on a computer site and hire someone! Get up and go outside! As you become more reliant on your computer, you become less reliant on your family and friends. It leads to elevators between family members. When you need help, your family may not be able to help you. If you're an adult and you've been working on a computer instead of working, then you have no breadwinner, you have no income, you have no life, and you have no future. Why would anyone do this to themselves? Let's imagine! : You have nothing but your laptop. You are one, in and have family ties. No one wants to be the kind of loser on the street! You have nothing but your computer, you have wasted your life. Spending too much time on your computer means everyone suffers. All in all, maybe a computer, but every cloud has a dark line. Computers prevent us from exercising, interacting with nature, and spending time with our families. So get out!
Imagine a world without computers, without the chaos of war, or even the clutter of your desk. A purposeful chat between you and your best friend won't happen. @LOCATION1's report may not be complete because all the books are checked out, in fact, without computers, we wouldn't have nobility or any space program. I know I won't be happy about this happening. Compaines relies almost on technology, you can't just send a letter and get @CAPS2 to the office in five minutes. Communication through computers is very popular. The @PERCENT1 of the world use targeting or other chat services, in a study done by a @CAPS1 professor, every one of @NUM1 students doesn't talk to their family on targeting services, a quote from the professor says "@CAPS2 It's good to stay to stay in touch with their families and keep up to date with current events. @CAPS5 Computer was taken away Information gone. It's all lost in a bunch of files. @DATE1 time my computer crashed and I have a report to date, but all the books are gone. That report was done when @DATE1 fixed it. Now thanks to new computers @CAPS3 @PERCENT2 more organized, NASA is running on Mars. NASA is run entirely by computers. See See what they gave us today. @PERCENT3 All the family animals are from NASA jobs. Comments from NASA suggest @PERSON1 "@CAPS4 will not be unused cars or phones, they computer. "@CAPS5 that's true, they take cars and phones too. We need you to make people kill. The people who made this country @CAPS2 dicide do think we shouldn't have computers. I don't know and neither should you .
Dear local paper, computers have many effects on people. Some of the effects are that it takes away family and friends, you don't have a real social life, you don't get enough exercise. Computers take up the time of friends and family. I was interviewed by @PERSON1 yesterday; I asked, "@CAPS1, you go to your grandma's house, what do you usually do?" @CAPS2 said, "I usually use the computer." @CAPS3 Do you want to use the computer when they're there? ? You and your family should spend time with them. Play games like Monopoly or play @CAPS4. These are fun and great ways to interact with your family. If your family doesn't have these games, bring them! People think that because of facebook, aim, e-mail and myspace, you can interact with your friends. You really are not. I asked my friends @PERSON3 @CAPS2 what they think about these things and @CAPS2 said "they are great interactive sites." They really aren't. They are websites on your computer. When you're on the computer, you're not really maintaining a social life. Your town hosts an event or has a fun place, and so can you. Your town @MONTH1 has a gym, community center or library. Go to meet up with their friends and interact with them. Going to school, going to the library, and hanging out with friends are great ways to interact with people. People don't think about @CAPS1 you're sitting in a computer chair and @CAPS5. When you're sitting in a chair, you're not exercising, @CAPS1 you keep @CAPS5 your weight gain. @CAPS1 you might get fatter @CAPS1 you stuff your face with cheezitz instead of exercising I ask @PERSON2 a question, what do you do on your computer? @CAPS2 saying "I eat..." @CAPS5 is not bad, but @CAPS1 you don't really pay attention to what you eat more than you need to. There are many sports in your town like @CAPS6, softball and baseball. Join a team instead of playing on PC and @CAPS5. Get @CAPS7! Computers are not the greatest thing in the world. You can't stay healthy with them, you're not very social, and you don't really spend time with your family. Computers don't really help you grow and mature for the future.
@ORGANIZATION1, the last @NUM1 years have seen a huge increase in computer usage per household. At the same time, people are getting fatter and they need more exercise. If you use a computer, it may be damaged or not work properly. Computers are a huge waste of time and an even bigger waste of money. Many people at @MONTH1 have put on a lot of weight over the past @NUM1 years. They don't do regular activities like going to the supermarket because you can shop online. Research shows that if you go to the supermarket or store, you may be fatter than if you shop online. Another reason a computer doesn't give you a workout is Google. If you want to see a photo of a beautiful mountain, you can go to Google and type it. It's an easier way to see the scenery, but if you walk, you can burn up to @NUM3 times more calories if you just google it. Another reason why a computer won't give you a workout is that you'll be addicted to gaming. Let's say you have basketball practice at @NUM1:00pm. If you're on a computer at @NUM5, it's easy to get addicted to the game and forget you have practice. You'll be stuck on your computer and blindly typing on computer games that won't help you in life. When you're not exercising, you don't sweat and therefore gain weight. Scientists say you can lose up to @PERCENT1 weight if you actually play a sport, if you don't. Before computers, life was simple and no student would forget their homework there. But now that they're out there with computers, a lot of things can go wrong. First the printer may be damaged. @CAPS1 year my printer stopped working @NUM1 times so I can't do my homework. My teacher said forgetting my homework would affect my grades more than @PERCENT2. Another reason handwriting is more convenient is that you can write with my teacher @PERSON1 in school @CAPS1 year and I had to write a prompt. She sent me to the computer room to type, but all the computers were taken away. When I came downstairs she told me I had to write so I got a @NUM7 because she couldn't read what I wrote. Every other kid got @NUM8 or higher, but since I'm not used to writing, it affected my grades. Another reason computers are inconvenient is when you need to do research. My parents threw away our books a long time ago because of the computer. So one day, when I was home alone, I had to re-search on my computer for euthanized dogs, but the power went out. I couldn't do my @ORGANIZATION1 event for science, so I got @NUM9. That grade brought my grade point average down from a+ to a-. The only reason for my bad grades is that I rely on the computer for my research, which is failing me. If I have better handwriting skills, I will get better grades. The final reason computers don't benefit society is because they're a waste of money. Most computers lead to computers and install up to @MONEY1. They are not needed because computers have everything a library can provide. The library has books, so you can search using your computer-installed books. All @NUM7 people in my family have one computer, but @NUM11 use it once a week. They are very expensive and you don't need them. My dad also works at a computer store and he said the computer guys overcharged @PERCENT3. With extra @MONEY2 you can buy many books and magazines installed on your computer. That's why computers are useless. People don't get exercise so they gain weight @PERCENT1. Much easier than writing by hand. In the end, they are a major waste of money. A decade without a computer is more useful and everyone is happier.
Dear @CITY1 @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 if I am with or against people who use computers. But I thought about it, and I decided I was an opponent of using a computer. In the same way, it is safe to stop education, websites that should not be viewed. I know a lot of people @MONTH1 don't think it's safe to use a computer. Well, even if you're not talking to someone in person, but only on your computer, what you're doing on your computer isn't safe. The reason is because most of the time it will be 30 and we are like @NUM1, @DATE1 and I use those ages because the kids are the age of a man on @CAPS2 myspace but he might be like 30 and we are like @CAPS2 NUM1 - @DATE1 and we don't know if he showed up in my space or @CAPS2 put another young photo in there, if we started thinking about him meeting and something happened. For example, my friend on my space was talking to a 41 year old and they met, but she didn't know his age and she was rapped. Not everyone is so real about computers. Education is very important even for adults and children. Bieng on the computer does not bring education, but education brings decline. This is why most @DATE1 throw @NUM3 home from school to put down the hook bag to eat and do it directly on myspace, @CAPS2, @CAPS5 instead of studying, reading, doing homework. While these sites do help you learn, just for myspace, read the messages on @CAPS2 to see what people are saying about @CAPS5. For example, instead of learning new knowledge, I would go to learn new information. Learning brings success, computers bring failure. I don't have much to say about inappropriate sites, all I can say is look at what you see on my space because you may just be getting into something you don't think, like rape that keeps happening. Beware.
Dear @CAPS1, "@CAPS2 was killed by dreadful acid in @CAPS3" was the headline flashing across the screen. Then one, another. What should have been @NUM1 minutes turns into an hour or two, which will turn your family off. I understand why this @MONTH1 is causing a lot of conflicts; because computers are very useful. However, I feel that more often they have a negative impact on the public. On the one hand, there are many websites out there that portray false information. In addition, computers began to consume the rest of people's lives. When it comes to these technological devices, there are advantages, but the disadvantages easily outweigh them. First, computers are full of viruses, scams, and Internet predators. Someone can easily steal credit and information by making offers that look "too good to be true". @CAPS4 You listen to your intuitions and then you know they are. However, many people who do not know better fall into these traps. In fact, @NUM2 of @NUM3 people have been cheated for a while in their lives, and I clearly remember when someone was cheated. I know thought they were buying a pair of boots. Later that day, they got a call from the credit card company warning them to make a purchase. You have to be very careful when you're on a computer these days. When my friend and I were learning to evaluate websites in a computer processing course, we found a website that seemed reliable and accurate. We were all shocked when we learned that everything about it was fake. Computers can put people at risk that @MONTH1 doesn't know very well. I strongly feel that sites like this and many others have a negative impact on the public. In addition, computers take up so much of people's time that home, "doing homework" and "exercising" are all limited. I can understand the impact of too much computer exposure because I see it every day with my brother. Once he starts his video interactive game, homework is pushed aside. There was only one word in his mouth, "@CAPS5, one more fight!" I guess you can infer what the outcome was: one game, two rounds, etc. And it's not just kids. Many of my own friends update status or pictures for three hours a night on @CAPS6. Aren't they where we can draw the line? Between holding on for ten minutes and letting the computer control your life? When surveyed, most students said they spent at least two hours a night on the computer. A huge problem arises when gaming and instant messaging start moving away from learning and exercising. Computers take up people's free time and negatively impact their grades and health. So, I invite you to consider the benefits of computers; but also look for the negatives. You'll realize there are more of them than you think. Support me by limiting computer use and helping the public understand the dangers posed by these technological devices @MONTH1. Computers are hurting relationships, finances, and personal lives more than you might think!
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 and @CAPS1 many others, I believe that computers are not only good but beneficial. Computers are advancing our world little by little every day. We all use them for communication, entertainment and knowledge. Computers are like people having fun, there is a lot to learn. Computers are good for everyone in the world. Computers are gradually advancing communication every day. It used to be the old letter in the mail, it has become email, Twitter and Facebook. These sites upgraded their communications today. Friends from a distance can view photos, messages, videos, and chat. Sites like @ORGANIZATION2 allow you to instant message friends. Finally, video chat is a new and improved way to view live video of others. According to @ORGANIZATION1, @NUM1 users have registered webcams since @DATE1 started. Communication is positively influenced by computers. I know you @MONTH1 love sports or nature, but sometimes it's great to get yourself some great entertainment right away. Computer games cost only about @MONEY1 and are instantly accessible. Also, sometimes it's fun to browse news or funny videos online. Almost everyone with @CAPS2 surfs the web. Have you ever wondered how to hear your favorite song when it's not on the radio? Itunes stores, organizes and plays music in a virtual library for permanent access. What also happens is that youtube allows you to watch music videos or listen to songs for free. Now that's why computers are direct entertainment. In the end, computers give you so much knowledge and are great for education. Certain websites give you access to a wealth of knowledge. Wikipedia and diccionary.com are great for learning.
Dear local paper @CAPS1 I read this and I think you are right because on @DATE1 kids would rather be on the computer. @CAPS1 Who knows what they're doing @CAPS1 Some kids are on facebook all day, some kids are on @CAPS2 or @CAPS3. Sometimes kids don't even like to play sports, they stay on the computer to eat and drink. I guess kids wouldn't be beasts if they weren't tech these days. Some kids don't even like to hang out with their friends or family, they say they want to stay at home and play with the computer, but we should be doing more practice than playing with the computer. If it's always on the computer, we won't learn anything at school because when it's at school the kids might think about going home and continuing to use the computer and you won't be focused on our education @CAPS1. What if kids drop out or stop coming to school because of chatting with friends or strangers. What if a girl doesn't want to go to school and her computer. If she's talking to an unfamiliar computer so the kids can do some exercise instead of sitting on the computer, it's not a beast anymore.
Dear @PERSON2, @CAPS1 is "home" in your town; all you hear is, "Mom, mom, mom drives me to the library to pick up books". You will see that many residents are eager to go abroad but have no money. Is this what you want every home to start looking like? Computers have a huge impact on people's vision because it allows people to talk and interact with each other. You can learn about the places you've always wanted to go, and this could be the device that makes your life easier. For these reasons, computers are the most beneficial things to society. First, computers allow friends and family to converse without spending a cent. I know my relatives are too poor to pay the high phone bills that come up when we need to talk, which means that not everyone can afford to talk on the phone, but it doesn't cost to use a computer. Also, in @ORGANIZATION3 question @NUM1, @DATE1 @NUM2, a recent poll shows @PERCENT1 who owns a computer uses it to talk rather than make phone calls. I know some people say that computers are too time consuming, but if so many people use computers to talk, there is no need to worry about paying phone bills. Also, @PERSON1 and @CAPS2 of @ORGANIZATION4 say that when instant messaging and video chatting on computers, fewer people need loans. This shows that friends and family are no longer paying huge phone bills and just talking online. Also, anyone with a computer can find the facts about the land halfway through @LOCATION1. What's more, they can be in a bedroom or room. A boy who participated in @ORGANIZATION1 named @CAPS3 @PERSON4 said he always wanted to go as a kid, like when he looked up @LOCATION2 and facts and pictures online. Also, @PERSON3, teacher @ORGANIZATION5 @ORGANIZATION1, conducted a poll asking how many students have completed foreign-related projects, while @PERCENT2 they did. This means that many people need to go abroad to find the resource and need to use a computer to understand it. It shows that more people use computers to visit far-flung lands. Last but not least, in a recent poll conducted by @ORGANIZATION2, @PERCENT3 said people would rather have a computer than a car that only shows important computers. Also, I used to think computers were bad for you and everything, but when I received one for my @NUM3 birthday, I found out how useful they are. Many people say that computers are eating up time because they haven't used it yet. Did you also know that millions of people use computers that make up more than half of its population, and it's such a poor country? This shows how handy her vital computer is. All in all, now @CAPS1 has happy residents who are laughing at the computer because the computer allows them to talk with friends, study and visit abroad, very convenient @PERSON2 and readers computers are no doubt good for society.
Computers, more and more people are using them. They are used to conversation, leisure and many other things. But are computers a good thing? Owning a computer can be a very good thing. In addition to nearly unlimited messages, you can also use @ORGANIZATION1 to keep in touch with your family. You can use the @ORGANIZATION2 word to create documents and PowerPoint presentations to organize your thoughts. You can also use @ORGANIZATION2 excel to manage your finances! If you own a camera, Windows Movie Maker allows you to make your own movies. In addition to the obvious and most useful functions, you can also play computer games, watch more content and listen to music on your computer. Like anything, computers have shortcomings. Some are small, some can be huge. Computers are expensive. You can't see who is actually talking to you on the computer. Also, many people have important information on their computers. People's computers are infected and information is stolen, leaving people helpless. Errors can also severely damage your computer, rendering it unusable. Many people can also be discredited on the internet. Hate sites that encourage terrorism, racial violence and drug use are all over the web. When using the internet, you have to be careful where you go. Also, sometimes computers can take over people's lives. People spend too much time on Facebook and not enough time to read or keep in touch with their families. Computers can be great things. Between their power to keep you informed and programs perfect for managing your business, it's no wonder that almost every @CAPS1 family has one. Many people don't like computers. They say the pros outweigh the cons. I disagree. Yes, the downsides can be annoying and sometimes serious. But if you're smart enough to stay away from @CAPS2-@CAPS3, install antivirus, and never leak your info to unnamed sources, the pros outweigh the cons. So in general, if you're smart enough, a computer can be a fun, convenient version of your life, allowing you to do more than you think.
Have you ever needed to know something about another place, or maybe want to meet your little cousin who is no longer a baby? Owning a computer is a huge benefit to society. Not only does it let you find information, chat with family and friends, but it also teaches you hand-eye coordination. A computer can tell you almost everything you need to know. This can help you learn about other cultures, places, or something as simple as @LOCATION1 pie. Computers have infinite knowledge. This is a huge benefit because computers are one of the few tools that can help you extend your learning with the click of a button. Owning a computer also allows you to talk to family and friends. New computers now have webcams. This is good for you to be able to see and talk to them without getting on a plane or any long bus. I know it's a great benefit for all of you who have relatives who don't live next door, whether it helps with your swing in baseball or catching a touchdown, having a computer with hand-eye coordination has Great help. Believe it or not, having to type for school helps with hand-eye coordination. Having hand-eye coordination can help you a lot in life, whether at events, school work, or at work. It's clear that having a computer is a huge benefit to society, as it has the ability to learn more, chat with family and friends, or help you get through football with one of your buds. Without computers, today's society would not be the same.
Dear Editor: More and more people are using computers, but not everyone agrees that it is good for society. As the editor of a newspaper, you have the right to keep people informed. In my opinion, computers are very much needed for the following reasons: Computers enable people to learn about distant places, people and weather, they allow people to chat with others online, and many jobs use computers. Do you want a more economically developed state? First, computers enable people to learn about distant places, people, and weather. I have an uncle named @PERSON1 with @NUM1 little girls. Every morning before school, @PERSON1 checks the weather on his computer to make sure school is safe. However, one day forgot to check the weather on his computer and take his kids to school. Little did he know that the road was very icy. Sadly @PERSON1 was in a car accident with his daughter and both girls broke several bones. As you can see, the weather in the computer world saved him a trip to the emergency room. Next, the computer allows you to chat with other people online. Dr. @DR1 from @CAPS1 said, "Online chatting with others (@CAPS2) is the best way to keep in touch with others at your old school, camp and many other places." I totally agree because adults can relate to High school friends keep in touch. And students from @PERCENT1 said they usually go online to study or get homework pages. I believe chatting online to prepare for exams is a great idea because it helps students achieve better grades. Some parents say it's a way of learning and a waste of time. However, teachers say student grades have skyrocketed since @CAPS2 was invented. Finally, most jobs today use computers. For example, my dad works at @ORGANIZATION1 and computers help him communicate with clients all over the world. Chat also translates languages, so it's much easier than talking on the phone. In addition, teachers use computers to enter students' grades. This makes the teacher's job easier because it averages all grades. Computers have revolutionized the way people work. In conclusion, computers have a positive impact on people because it enables people to learn about distant places, people and weather, allows people to chat with other people online, and many jobs use computers. I urge you to support me by writing a positive article about computers and how to help society. Please consider my thoughts.
Dear Editor, @CAPS1's name is @CAPS2, I'm a @NUM1 year old girl; also actively read daily newspapers. When I was browsing the newspapers last week, I saw an ad for an article about the negative or positive aspects of computers. I'm here to convince other readers about the negative effects of computers on people. As an active member of the computer, I'm involved in all the negatives. People who spend more than an hour on a computer participate in @CAPS3, @CAPS4 or play computer games. Most of these children participated in their counting games. I saw this on @CAPS5 @NUM2 about how @PERCENT1 of all teens play the computer at least once when they should be doing their homework. Computer games distract children from their studies. Kids think @CAPS3 is more important than doing math homework. Computers are not good for children's learning. Computer overuse kids and even adults don't want to talk. They feel they need to focus on winning and beating all their friends. To win, one can't talk, just focus on the game. A child who needs to win without talking can have lifelong results. Self-awareness or lack of social skills is the biggest lifetime result of excessive computer gaming. This is how excessive participation in computer games affects their social skills. Children who are too addicted to computer games do not get enough exercise, which leads to obsession. Children think they exercise by playing, but in reality they do nothing. Kids think they can't leave their games, but they can. There is always a pause button somewhere on the screen. Soon children will become so addicted to play that they no longer think going out is important. This is how computer games have long-term effects. In short, computers are not good for people. Computers lead to no learning to do anti-socialism and obesity. All of these results are long-term and make your life great. Don't I want a happy and successful life? ! I know I know!
Dear local newspaper, have you ever thought about all the fun things you can do on your computer, such as making phone calls, ordering groceries, and reading to school. Today, the world seems to be held together by technology, and I think computers come first. “@CAPS1 My sister moved to @CAPS2 and it’s hard to keep in touch and meet, but we found @ORGANIZATION1, a site where people can chat, call or webcam each other, so we do it every day as if she’s from It 's like never leaving home." @PERSON2 of the internet site @ORGANIZATION1. @CAPS4 Of course @PERSON2 and many others love their computers. Research shows that @NUM1 of @NUM2 people do more in a day online @PERSON1 says "Every day my day is shortened because of my @CAPS3 because at work I can order my groceries and have them in 4 Delivery by the o'clock @CAPS1 When I get home from work, wherever I go, I can schedule doctors, schools and schedule meetings with just one tap/click instead of looking at the calendar or picking up the phone. @PERCENT1 TODAY of couples say they met online through twitter, facebook, myspace or aol. The internet is great for meeting new people as you @CAPS4 know each other or check out their profile pictures and stuff. You can find and you online Same people, after a while you two are friends. I have some of my best friends online through the mutual friends page and today it's a successful friendship. Even school brings education online, at home All books for the class are available online. Students can now even check grades online, receive comments f rom teachers. So now students are forced to use the internet at home and at school. I hope I have opened your heart to the internet It's not all bad, people are spending a lot of time online now because everything has moved to the Internet, like schools, shops, food, even TV, you call it the Internet. Personally, I spend about a couple of Hours of chatting, studying, watching tv online. After I might go for a walk or play with my @CAPS5, I'll still be connected to the web because @CAPS5 can connect to wifi. So I think a computer allows you to open up with connect with others and do other things online. I hope you feel the same way now
Dear @LOCATION1, @CAPS1 A teenager @MONEY1 growing up in this technological age society, I think computers do more harm than good. I think books are a better resource, people can have fun in other ways, and computers can be dangerous and cause health problems. @CAPS1 A well read newspaper, your stance on this topic will influence the minds of many @MONEY1. I know computers can help with finding information, but I personally think books are a better resource. Anyone can write and publish articles on the Internet, even if what they say is not true at all. People can lie and say they're @NUM1's doctor when they're really @NUM2 working at @ORGANIZATION1. On a computer, you can never be sure who to trust, but on a book, you know that what you're reading is accurate. Information on the computer, (it is true) you can find a book. Sure, the computer @MONTH1 is faster or "the easy way @CAPS6" in some cases, but maybe what people need is a challenge. Seems like each generation is getting lazy and less books because of @MONEY1's ever-evolving technology, it's time to stop. Also, people can find fun in many other ways that don't involve computers. Many people use social networking sites like @CAPS1, @CAPS2, @CAPS3 and @CAPS4 to connect with their friends, but on these sites you can't tell if that person is really who they say they are. If you want to chat with your friends, why not call them, or more modernly, text them? This way you can be sure @MONEY1 who you are talking to. Too many teens now hide @CAPS6 in their rooms, play games on their computers, and spend less and less time with their families. What happened to playing card and board games with the family? In my opinion, it's more fun if you're playing a real game instead of a virtual one. You can also go outside and get some fresh air instead of the stuffy smell in @MONEY1's room because you're so busy on your computer that you forgot to @CAPS5 do your laundry. Also, if the kids have to start writing their papers by hand, this will improve their handwriting since they won't get the simplicity of @MONEY1 typing. Also, some kids don't have access to a computer anyway and you have to write @ORGANIZATION2 by hand, so why not? Finally, computers can be dangerous and/or harmful to health. Using the @MONEY1 social network allows kids to put all their information @CAPS6 there for anyone to see. This can lead to bad things like being stalked or kidnapped. There are also many inappropriate pictures and websites on the internet that young people or anyone should really look at and staring at a computer screen for hours on end is very bad for your eyes and can lead to very serious vision in the long run problem. Also, I'm sure you've heard how many typists are more prone to arthritis or any pain or loss issues @MONEY1 use @MONEY1 their fingers because @MONEY1 exercise @MONEY1 your fingers when you type. Getting a rif @MONEY1 computer will help impact people's well-being in a positive way. While a lot of people like to use @MONEY1 computers, @MONEY1 really doesn't have much demand for them. Books are a better resource, you can find fun in many other ways, they can be bad/harmful to your health. Why spend hundreds or @MONEY1 on a tool you don't even need? Don't let the media fool you or use their tricks, scams or gimmicks to pull you into buying one, next time you turn on your computer and think "@CAPS5 I really need this or there is a better way to do what I need to get done or what I want The way to @CAPS5?" Because, there's probably a better way. So sometimes it's better to say "@CAPS6 uses @MONEY1's new way of doing things technically and @MONEY1's old way of doing things manually.
Dear local @CAPS1, I heard you are not sure if the computer is good or not, I have many reasons but I will tell you. First, the game teaches hand-eye coordination, teaching people to be as far away as other countries, and finally it helps to keep in touch with people. My number one main reason is that it can and does help with hand-eye coordination every day. It does this with a mouse, and you have to be very coordinated to be good at gaming on a computer. This will help you play catch or pick things up with your son in everyday life, which is very important. It can also help you understand faraway places. If you're going on a trip, I'd like to know that place and see what I need. Or just looking at how beautiful these countries will leave you amazed. So just for @NUM1 reasons I've reconsidered. In the end, I think it's the most important reason to stay connected, I know my mom doesn't have Facebook, she talks to all her old friends and she says "fine", I think having friends is important to everyone and computers can help them. My conclusion is that there is a reason why computers are as good as hand-eye coordination for learning distant places. So I want you to always be what I know I'll have, no doubt mine, and you'll make the right choice.
Dear newspaper, @CAPS1 People think computers are a waste of time and dangerous. Yes, computers can be dangerous, but they can also help you @CAPS1 in different ways. Such as paying bills online or planning a vacation, or even taking a collage class. Bills are a struggle for the @CAPS1 folks. They are inconvenient, there is a way @CAPS1. If you think about @CAPS1, wouldn't it be great for people to work all day at a certain time all night, go home and pay all their bills? You can do this from your computer, which has the @CAPS1 program to help you pay your bills faster so you can relax and enjoy your free time when you get home. Computers are also great for planning vacations. Every year @CAPS1 people use online programs to plan vacations and trips there, like me and my family planning to go to @LOCATION1 on @DATE1 on @NUM1. When we arrived at the airport we had first class tickets and when we arrived @DATE1 was by far the best plain we could fly. Entering a new generation @CAPS1 People start taking online college courses because they work from home or have kids, these @CAPS2 are good for people with jobs because they are short and you learn a lot. A computer is very helpful in taking these classes because if you don't have a computer it will keep you from taking the class. A computer is a great thing for all of these things. So if you are a working mother and you want to go back to school, you should consider taking an online college course. If your family wants a vacation, you should try one of the programs @CAPS1 entertainment circles use for travel.
Dear ones @MONTH1 cares about; local newspaper. I believe you are right. Computers can help, let us chat with people but we don't exercise. Forget the family, the most important thing is your health, their eyesight gets worse, they eat more junk food, which can lead to bad cholesterol. High blood pressure and even diabetes. Computers are addictive and people will spend hours on them. It will give you bad higiens so I think you should really look at this and put it in the papers and @CAPS1 @CAPS2 Residents I know it can be very fun and enjoyable but before you get really sick It's going to be fun and game you @MONTH1 thinks this is very serious in many ways. Don't spend time with your loved ones, don't do any activities that require you to get away from your computer and do more in your life. Computers are like drugs, but do it for your family, hear my opinion, so I think all computers should be banned for at least a week to check on work or school, or even your health. This @MONTH1 seems to be overreacting to this, but we really aren't. Would you like an increase in the number of people with diabetes and other things that can affect your body. Well, I don't think that makes you feel. All is not good, so people will get up and jog. Spend quality time with family. So listen to me, stop this bad habit.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1, do you imagine a world without computers? Well, I @CAPS1' not because I think computers are awesome. First, if you have a computer, you @CAPS1 will meet new people. Second, @CAPS1 can do projects or homework on them if needed. Finally on the computer @CAPS1 can basically find anything you want to know. Read ahead and learn why I think computers are great. Who doesn't like meeting new people because I do. If you want to make new friends or find anyone going to your school, you probably won't @CAPS1 look them up on your computer right now. Also, if there is a time when you don't have anyone to talk to @CAPS1, keep using your computer and try to meet new people. I know I do it all the time. Finally, making friends or talking to people online is no longer harmful. It's actually pretty fun once you try it. So that's one reason why I think computers are great is the people you meet. The second reason computers are great is that if you have to print something or make a project, the computer @CAPS1 helps. My science teacher always wanted to print assignments and @CAPS1 how I can do that without a computer. Also, if one day you forget your homework or any homework, just ask your friends online if they have a school website. So computers are great because all jobs look better when printed. My last reason is because @CAPS1 can look for almost anything on a computer. For example, let's say you're trying to find a place to go, but you don't have an address or anything, you @CAPS1 always check on your computer. Also, @CAPS1 will always check to see if you @CAPS1 get any hekp on the internet if they have a problem or something to do with your house, car, bills or anything. Finally, if you want to buy anything but can't find anything, stare at @CAPS1 to get it online. So basically like I said you @CAPS1 do anything. In conclusion, I think computers have a big impact on life. First you @CAPS1 meet people or friends. Second you @CAPS1 do projects or homework. In the end you @CAPS1 basically do anything on the computer. So that's why I think computers are great, they @CAPS1 help a lot in life, not hurt anyone.
Dear newspaper, Some people say that computers are not good for society. But I feel different. Computers are more beneficial to society than you might think. They help people learn and make work easier. They help protect against acids and save lives. It's a fact that computers help people learn and make their jobs easier. You can type and you can schedule your sedual. You can preview or check your email. All of these make work easier. There are many more things you can do. As I said before, they help people learn. You can learn trillions of things on the internet. You can read about everything on the internet, which is great. You can get a medical degree on the internet. Making jobs easier or helping people learn is not the domain of computers. Computers prevent acids from anything that moves. For example, there are millions of cars on the road today, and some can almost drive themselves. And it's all done with a computer. And the planes, the only reason the pilots are there is in case something goes wrong. The same goes for trains. Also, @CAPS1 fully computerized all that humans do is tell the computer what they want it to do. Almost everything that moves within its own power has been computerized at some point in time. This makes the world a safer place for everyone. In the end, it's entirely true that computers can save lives. In hospitals without computers, people die every day. They use them to keep records, record vital signs and assist with surgery. In surgery, a computer only needs to make a tiny incision to help, and is far more accurate than a life-saving human sergeant. The computer also ensures that the operating room is completely sterile, thereby reducing the risk of infection. As you can see, computers benefit society more than you might think. They help people learn and make work easier. They protect against acid agents, which can reduce the number of hospital visits people have to make. If they did go, they could almost survive. So what do you think of them now.
Dear @CAPS1, experts agree that people go out and exercise because these are three reasons why people should go out: people don't exercise a lot, they can hang out with friends and family, and people and children should enjoy nature outside. Let me explain, people and kids do get a lot of exercise these days. People who don't exercise will gain weight if they don't exercise at all. Also, parents and children who spend all day on a computer or laptop can be overweight. It's hard for kids to exercise these days because staying on the computer and playing computer games can make you overweight. Don't you agree that kids and adults can hang out with friends and family? Kids need to stop playing on the computer and go out more with friends or family. You might want to consider that parents need to spend time with friends and family there and then stay on their computer at home. You don't think people should go outside and enjoy nature. It's amazing how people know what nature is but don't know what nature really means! Adults should take the time to get out and stay at home because the @PERCENT1 in the world doesn't have a computer at all.
For computer people, having technology is a good thing. If we don't have technology, then we can't call anyone. We don't have a computer to go online. We can't talk to my family or friends. People use technology because their jobs are like people working on cars, and they need computers to see if the car is old. That's why technology is needed. A lot of people need technology, and we have technology. Computers are a big deal because we need to find a lot of things online that require a computer to test. We call people with technology the computers we surf the web on google.com, and that's why we need technology. So we can call people.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 The computer has been a great invention for many years. It helps people learn more, communicate with people, and @CAPS6 invents more technology. This is a positive impact for our country. Let me explain. Computers have a positive impact on our country because it helps us find information about schools and where to go. Computers help me find information for my science projects faster than going to the library and looking up information on books. "@CAPS2 @PERSON1 in @NUM1 grade. If we get lost on the road, computers can @CAPS6 we go out of place. Another reason computers have a positive impact on our country is because it can @CAPS6 us with our friends and family Exchange." @CAPS3 I can't reach my mom, I email her on my computer. "@CAPS2 @PERSON2. Also parents of most kids can contact their teachers and email them to see what they're up to. The last reason computers have a positive impact on our country is because it can @CAPS6 us Invent different things. Scientists can easily invent a wider variety of technologies by using computers." The computer first helped us make the model of our invention, and then we started making the details. "@CAPS4 @CAPS5. @CAPS1 Computers have helped us almost everything over the years. Conclusion Computers @CAPS6 We search for information, @CAPS6 contacts, @CAPS6 makes new inventions. It also helps us in war. We should let Computer at @LOCATION1
Dear @CAPS1, I think computers are a waste of time, but they can also help you in many ways. You should only use a computer if you really have one. People are on the computer for hours at a time, and if they get bored or don't want to go out, they turn on the computer. People have made computers faster and more efficient. So every year more and more people buy computers. Computers can also help you in various ways, you can learn from computers, you can find jobs on computers, and you can shop on computers. So, if you need to find a job, then you can find a job on your computer that is right for you. You can learn from a computer. Computers can give you so much incredible information that you can look up anything, even ask questions. Finally, you can shop on your computer. Let's say you can find something in the store, you look everywhere, so you go home and you can find what you're looking for on your computer. However, you will most likely need a credit card. So that's why I think computers are useful but a waste of time.
Dear newspaper, @CAPS1, I am constantly on the computer. But I think it's one of the most addictive and time-consuming inventions in society today. Yes, computers have many benefits, such as talking to friends and family you don't see often, doing your homework, and gathering information. But in my opinion, people should use less computer. Of course, computers allow you to interact with friends in your family through email, @CAPS2 messaging, or social networking sites like @CAPS3 or @CAPS4. guess what? You can easily communicate the old-fashioned way from your phone, and even write letters. Look? There are alternatives to communication. Exercise is so important today, yet people don't get enough exercise. Did you know that obesity, @PERCENT1 has gone up since last year? That's a pretty large percentage, and we don't want it to get any bigger. This number gets even bigger if people are emaciated, staring at their computer screens and not doing any exercise or exercise. In addition, computers can cause various medical problems. For example, about a month ago, my back was really bothering me. I went to the doctor and he told me one of the possible causes was that my laptop was leaning forward. "Computers can also cause vision problems and headaches," says expert @CAPS5. ounce. If we are against computers, we can prevent these problems! We can limit our use to two or three times a week and only use it for important reasons. I hope this really opens our eyes to the negative impact computers have on us.
Dear local paper, I am writing to you because computers affect human beings in many ways. Some might be bad, some not so bad. Many ordinary people now spend their days playing games on their computers, or on facebook and other interactive sites like twitter and @CAPS1. The crisis is disrupting schools, work or sports. Every day more and more people are not getting enough exercise or work. We must stop this devastating epidemic! People who stay at home all day are not as healthy as they used to be. The immune system puts you at greater risk of getting sick. This can lead to serious positions and even death. @CAPS4 You're in it every day, and the computer can be so addicting, it's going to take over you and make it more important. To stay healthy, you must eat right and ride a bike. @CAPS2 someone is constantly on the computer, they are not @CAPS2 you are addicted to watching tv or playing @CAPS3, @CAPS4 you are addicted it also interferes with family activities, sports. @CAPS2 You're on the computer and you forget your homework, the grades go up so much that you go to summer school, or even repeat a grade. Also @CAPS2, you're not preparing for sports, which keeps you from reaching your potential. This is why computers affect people every day. There are many more reasons why people are affected by computers, but these are the most common.
Dear @CAPS1 of @ORGANIZATION1, I personally disagree with experts who are concerned that people are spending too much time on the computer and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. The reason I disagree is because it's not the computer that people don't go out to exercise. Buying a computer and getting on it is free will, and you don't get on it is our choice, so we can't blame computers for people not exercising. Another important thing to remember is that computers are important because they help you get more education. For example, online computer courses for people who want to earn a degree in a different field can change your future and your career for the rest of your life at the click of a button. The most important reason is because it helps people understand different cultures and ways of life. I love getting to know @LOCATION1 and @LOCATION2 even as they go through a terrible storm. Thank you for listening to me, I hope it changes the meaning of your life without a computer
There is no limit to being active, but technology can.
Computer @CAPS1 Society? This question may never be answered. I have a problem with this, it probably won't affect everyone in the world, but I do hope it does. Workout, great way to stay in shape, but if you sit on @ORGANIZATION1 all day, you don't have a chance to stay in shape. So when everyone is healthy, you end up getting fat. While you're sitting there and playing some @ORGANIZATION1 games, everyone is outside playing in the park, swimming in the pool or fishing at the lake. Sitting on @ORGANIZATION1 will physically and socially destroy your life robot. Finally, @ORGANIZATION1 will stop you from spending time with friends and family. This will also prevent you from interacting with new friends while your old friends find new ones. Finally, if you're sitting on @ORGANIZATION1 @NUM1, you'll miss out on the amazing @CAPS2 life you've been waiting for because you remember. So the next time your friend says to go online after school, say you'd rather not go online because you don't want to be addicted.
Computers have a very positive effect on people. Computers help people in many ways. They teach people history and far-flung places. They are also a great way to be on your own. Computers are also another way to communicate with people because it's only a few houses. Computers have knowledge, and more knowledge is being added every day. Every day I learn something new on the computer. You can search for the term @LOCATION1 and instantly have millions of pages with new insights and exciting things about @LOCATION1. A computer is much faster than going to your local library to find a book with the information you need. You can also find different views and perspectives on a topic online. Depending on the websites you visit, you can get opinions on certain places and events, and you won't find books in the library. Computers instantly have a lot of knowledge and some view of things. Computers can also entertain you. There are many interesting online sites that you can visit when you are bored. You can read books and magazines anytime. If you like reading, check it out online, these @MONTH1 are books you can read for free. Some people like to play games. On your computer, you can find almost any game you want to play. These are board games, video games, strategy games, adventure games, and more. I can make different types of lists for hours on end. If you like sports, you can go online to find pages about different sports. You can find ways to improve the way you play or take part in the sport. If you like watching @CAPS1. You can also do this on a computer. Some @CAPS2.V programs put different episodes online so people can easily view them with a click of a mouse. Anyone can use a computer. Computers can help you entertain you. But they can also communicate with your friends and family. Many programs let you communicate with people over the Internet. You can email your cousin on the other side of the world. In emails, you can attach pictures and documents with text to communicate. These are various programs. IM means instant messaging, which means you can use the program to send a message to another person right away. You enter a message, and it's instantly communicated to the person you're teaching. These now require more communication. You can make an audio call to someone using a computer. It's not like a phone. A webcam can record and send video instantly, but it can also talk to someone over a video call. The program connects you with your friends or family, who you can see through video. Computers are a great way to communicate with others. Computers help in a positive way. They give you access to a lot of information. they can. Computers are also a great way to communicate with people, no matter how far away that person is. I would totally say that computers are a positive thing.
Newspapers, I don't think using a computer is a big deal. It's a convenient form of communication that teaches young people and adults social and life skills not unlike other addictions. These three reasons are why I feel @ORGANIZATION1 is underrated. The number one reason I think @ORGANIZATION1 is underrated is because some people think there is less time with family, but I always talk to family and friends on @ORGANIZATION1. This is a convenient, fast, and in most cases secure way to communicate. When I need help with something, I sit at @ORGANIZATION1 to chat with someone, or if they're not there, I email them. I will get the answer within a day. You can also look up answers online, the internet is a very smart device. Also, if you're calling someone instead of chatting on @ORGANIZATION1 and you @MONTH1 don't know who they are, it's much easier to track the call and then track @ORGANIZATION1 to a location. Communication is faster, more secure and more convenient than @ORGANIZATION1. The second reason I became a @NUM1 is that it helps teach speaking and life skills. For example, did you know that on average, adults make more @MONEY1 if they know how to type well and fast? @ORGANIZATION1 has many features. For example, Facebook is a social network where all young people can learn basic social skills by having facebook. When you first look for a job, social skills play a very important role. If you have good social skills, your boss @MONTH1 will like you and appreciate you even more. This can only lead to promotion! The computer is very easy to use! My third and final reason, I believe @NUM2 people are blind because people don't easily get addicted to @ORGANIZATION1. It's hard to get addicted to @ORGANIZATION1. Only about @PERCENT3 facebook users will be addicted. Compared to alcohol addiction (on @PERCENT1) or drug addiction (@PERCENT2), @ORGANIZATION1 addiction is microscopic, let alone, not fatal. The only similarity between @ORGANIZATION1 and other more deadly addictions is that they are addicted and @MONTH1 becomes grumpy if asked to stop. "@ORGANIZATION1 Addiction can be cured with quick recovery, as long as you stick with it for an hour or less a day, there is nothing to worry about" @PERSON1 on @NUM3. ) @CAPS1 you have it, computer usage is not a big deal. It is a convenient communication tool, an effective way to learn social and life skills, and is not a major source of addiction. @CAPS1 Nothing to worry about. If you don't believe me, sit down and look it up on the internet.
I agree that computers are really good for society, because everyone uses or has a computer, it helps you do things that matter, computers make things easier. The computer makes your fingers move faster. Computers are the best thing that has ever happened in this world, you can chat with your friends and family, print, write and play games. What could be better than when we can research celebrity Google Dead People lookup pictures. But the computer makes you lazy because it sits there and never gets rid of it, it's addicting, but other people just don't know the point of using or owning a computer. If someone else had a computer, they would change their mind. You can continue myspace think to talk to friends and family from different towns, states. You can also google yahoo, facebook, twitter, computer and internet is really fun and it gives you some exercise. It can help you with school assignments, homework, country studies, locations, houses, vacations, you can do so much more. But other people have a point that enjoying nature is good because it makes you fit and strong, it makes you move more and have fun outdoors instead of just sitting on the side all day doing nothing and staring at you The computer screen doesn't want to sleep or go outside so for me both are almost the same but I choose the first option because the computer is the best!
you have mail! @CAPS1 My computer is full of emails from distant relatives and friends. Without a computer, I wouldn't be able to keep in touch with these people as effectively as I can with a computer. Over the past few decades, technology has advanced rapidly, producing incredible computers with which we can type faster, communicate with distant relatives, and look up information just like we ever did. Thanks to this incredible invention, computers allow us to do @LOCATION1 truly amazing things. First, we ditched the typist and bought a computer. We can now type faster than ever before, improve hand-eye coordination, and edit our papers without the help of peers. First, with the heavy typing required for college, most careers, and daily checklists, computers make the process faster and easier. I'm sure most of what you have to type for @LOCATION1 is written using a computer. Second, we acquire amazing hand-eye coordination skills. Also, while typing and reading, we have trained or observed many @LOCATION1 similarities to playing the piano. Finally, now with spell checking, we can edit papers without the help of others! Computers can sense problems in an instant, which is undeniably more efficient, the typed document aspect of computers is one of the reasons we need them @CAPS5. Another reason is because of communication. Thanks to @LOCATION1 communication apps like @ORGANIZATION2, @ORGANIZATION3, @CAPS2 and @CAPS3, we can now communicate with friends and family far away. For example, both of my sisters are in college and I have a hard time communicating with them, but thanks to @CAPS2, I can see their photos, instant messages, and even video chat! Without a computer, it would be impossible to see their pictures and what they were doing. Second, email creates a quick and easy way to update people on schedule changes, ideas, and even sales and specials the store has to offer! This extremely effective form of communication is no more snail mail! Clearly, the communication aspect of computers is a definite reason why we need them in our lives. Last but not least, computers allow us to access information in unprecedented ways. Now, with @ORGANIZATION1 and other search engines, we can find facts and figures faster and easier, and with hundreds of options, we can find the information we need in seconds. Not to mention, the process is very @CAPS5 type in what you're looking for and you'll get what you need! Third, there are more options and sites to choose from. For example, if you were to enter a certain animal, there would be an excess of pages related to your topic. Now, find exactly what you're looking for! There is no doubt that computers have made searching for information easier and faster, which is exactly why we need them in our daily lives. Finally, the computer is an amazing invention that opened the doors of @LOCATION1 for today's society. Without computers, we wouldn't be able to type quickly, communicate, and find information in style. However, thanks to this invention, computers allow us to do incredible things. People all over the country are using computers more efficiently, and now we can! It is clear that computers are efficient and are advancing the technology of our society.
Can you imagine a world full of lifeless zombies obsessed with technology like computers, TVs, and cell phones? If we don't stop this nonsense, the world as we know it will come to an abrupt end. Computers lead to obesity, lack of interaction, and they waste time on these useless items. Our world cannot afford time for this. Our planet is run by us humans and if we don't take care of its necessities we will all die including our beloved planet @LOCATION1. Computers are not good for our society today. First, computers can cause severe obesity, as it has already done. Obesity is one of the most common health problems in the world. Many problems lead to obesity, but technology (computers) plays an important role in it. Instead of sitting in front of a computer all day, they can do more productive things like go for a walk, start a club (adults used to be kids!), help neighbors, and more. Well, if they teach hand-eye coordination, they don't teach us how to stay healthy! Computers play an important role in obesity factors. As an adult, you should know how important obesity is. Children are the future, and no one wants future leaders to be known for being universally obese. Still, computers take away "connection" time from family and friends. Both adults and children lack social needs. They do not interact verbally and physically with their "online friends". They wondered why households now find them the root of computers. In any case, if people don't waste too much time on their computers, and people spend too much time on their computers, they won't lose their jobs like flies. Unemployment is high because they think they "don't have enough time." When all their time is spent on the computer, if they take the computer out of their lives, they'll have @CAPS1 time to do it. No one wants to be a "stay at home" unemployed like himself. In the end, computers are not good for our poorly functioning society. They cause obesity, corrupt social needs and take up people's time, you @MONTH1 think computers allow other people to "chat" online with their "online friends", but they fail to meet our physical and verbal social needs, leading to ego Low respect. If newspapers continue to publish articles about the "benefits of computers". People will soon stop believing this nonsense and eventually stop buying these papers. No one wants to read lies, do they?
Computer, computer, computer, that's all we hear today. New websites, chat rooms, games, and more. I agree with the experts who think we should spend more time outdoors with friends and family. Computers have taken over people's lives and you don't know who's looking for you on facebook or @CAPS4 and know you can do almost anything with them. Lunch..., @CAPS1..., @CAPS2..., @CAPS3.... Computers are taking over our lives. Believe it or not, some people take their computer with them wherever they go, and once you use @CAPS3, you may not be able to use it for a while as you keep clicking and constantly looking for new things. I have to say that a computer is a cool device, but there must be a limit. We can't see what @PERSON1 said to @PERSON2 on @CAPS3 @NUM1...you have to go back to earth and spend time with your family. @CAPS3 might be a cool device, but that doesn't mean it's safe to post about you on it. Facebook and @CAPS4, probably the two most dangerous sites. Anyone can type in @PERSON1 and get @NUM2 machines and find you, even if you don't know them. People are not always what they say they are. People can say they are @NUM3 years old. Just left college when it really was a @NUM4 year old @CAPS6 getting ready to go to senior center. Do not trust anyone. You don't even have to leave your house now and for a few days. You can shop, chat, @CAPS5 taxes, bills and live virtually on @CAPS3. Soon @CAPS6 as a human being will be united by @CAPS3. Some computers may have more intelligent systems than humans. What I'm saying is limit your time to @CAPS3, or you're going to spend your time on it. Know you know I think computers need to be rare in the entire human day. And they're taking over our lives, it's dangerous, you don't even have to leave your house to make a living. I hope you will consider my thoughts. thank you.
@ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 has had a lot of positive impact on technology, especially computing. Computers give you the opportunity to communicate with people from all over the world; computers also give you the opportunity to continue to educate websites, and finally make shopping and paying bills easier. It would be fun to talk to people from all over the world. A computer can help you do this via the Internet. You can get to know almost different people and their cultural backgrounds, and even talk to friends and family who live in other cities, states, and even countries. Yes, some might say they are too expensive, but that's really just an ime price. Computers are very helpful for both students and teachers. This is because students can get homework help on educational websites. On the other hand, it's helpful for teachers because they can put their students' grades online and don't let the kids bother you about their grade point average in a certain class. Yes, I know they are terrible inappropriate sites, but they have a lot of ways to block them. For example, I have a @CAPS2 in @CAPS3, I need a lot of help, my teacher told me about a website called studyisland, and with daily updates, my grades have improved to @CAPS4. Computers give you the opportunity to pay your bills and shop cheaper. They're how things you buy online might arrive a few days late; but think about how much time and money you save because you're ordering offline instead of going to a store. But it's also helpful for disabled people. They have many positive implications for computers. They give you the opportunity to connect with people all over the world, give you the opportunity to continue to educate the site, and finally help you pay your bills and shop. Local newspaper computers are also of great benefit to society, without them many things would not be possible.
Dear @CAPS1 @PERSON1, computers have helped us in many ways. Computers help children and adults learn, increasing workloads, and computers help law enforcement. Yes, I agree that some people do spend too much time on these machines, but that doesn't mean they aren't helping us. Computers can help children and adults learn many things. Kids can use their computers to re-search for homework they're doing, or even research things just for fun. Most adults are schooled and educated, but computers help them discover things about space, the human body, and more. So computers are not only teaching children, but they are also part of making new discoveries that need to be taught to children. Right now, our economy is underperforming. Many people are unemployed and unable to support their families. But imagine how many people would lose their jobs if we didn't have computers. Our society's @PERCENT1 works with computers. This means that the person @PERCENT1 will not have a job. Computers not only gave us knowledge, but allowed more than half of us to catch members of society who did wrong. In a little over @NUM1 years, computers helped capture law enforcement. Yes, crime rates have risen over the past few years, but computers have helped us catch criminals. Computers store a lot of data, which means we can record fingerprints, pictures, @CAPS2, previous records, etc. of criminals who have already been caught to help us catch criminals. So yes, computers help us in many ways. Computers help children and adults learn, increase workloads, and help law enforcement. Even if people spend too much time on these machines, it's their decision to see how much computers can help us. Make the right decisions and let the technology continue to evolve.
do you use a computer? Do you have one at home? Well, the average family has two computers, but that's not good, @CAPS2 computers are taking precious time away from hobbies, nature, and real life. First, computers take up time from hobbies and friends. Some of my friends spend @NUM1 hours a day on the computer and they can play. A sport or a hangout. In addition, computers became the center of their lives. People ask me "@CAPS1 aren't you online @TIME1?" I reply "@CAPS2 my life doesn't revolve around @CAPS3." @CAPS4, computers need time away from nature. People don't recognize the beauty of the outdoors. Now that our lives are so organized, we need wilderness more than @CAPS2, it helps us appreciate ourselves more and appreciate how special it is for our planetary computer to take it all away! Third, computers take us away from real life. Some people don't know how to have a face-to-face conversation, they just know how to communicate via email or @CAPS5. I admit that being away from real life can be relaxing, but some people don't know which side to step on on the letter. @MONTH1 is outdated, but I'm sure people will put their hearts on things you can't do via email. In conclusion, computers take up time away from real life, nature, and your hobbies. Plus, if you type too much, you can get arthritis in your hands.
Computers are becoming a household item for @LOCATION1 and around the world. There is a problem with passing because some people think that computers will not benefit society. In my opinion, computers are @CAPS9 in our daily life. The Internet allows us to communicate with friends, family and more all over the world! Its various programs help keep files and other things of this nature organized and updated. Finally, computers are the @CAPS9 resource when it comes to research projects, reports, homework, or anything else that requires information to get done. The world is very big, with many people, many places, many regions, and many countries. Families are sometimes far away from family and friends, so they want to stay connected. Post is a very slow and expensive service, while internet is cheaper and faster! IM, @CAPS1 @CAPS2, use one of these quick and cheap ways. They allow you to send and receive messages any day, time, and place with virtually no hassle. Another way is to use sites like @CAPS3 and @CAPS4, which allow you to update the "status" on your wall so everyone in your friends list can see or comment. The last and last method is to use a webcam, which allows you to see the person on the other end of the "call" and hear them as well. In my opinion this is the best way because they can explain everything in their own way instead of sending texts and pictures and there is no limit to how much they can say. Many people have noticed that the world is not an organized place. The computer helps organize it through many applications and programs, such as the @ORGANIZATION1 application, @CAPS5, and the Documents folder. @ORGANIZATION1 is a chain of apps that does everything from writing documents to making spreadsheets, making presentations, and even making flyers for special events. These applications are the basis for starting a business or promoting an invention. @CAPS5 is primarily focused on storing information in the files you want, and @CAPS9 is for quick access to them. My parents and other adults I know always say "organization is the key to success" so @CAPS5 definitely helps. The last and most basic way a computer helps with organization is the document folder. These little things come in handy when you need to save something quickly but want to stay organized. All you have to do is name it, hit save, and bada bing bada boom and you're done! Most importantly, computers come in handy when researching projects or other things that require a lot of up-to-date information. Books take days, and you only have @NUM1 days to research, create, and organize your projects and data. What are you going to do now? You can submit it late, but then you'll get in trouble. If you need to know the difference between @PERSON2 and @PERSON1, use the search engine @ORGANIZATION2, that's where a fast and reliable internet comes in. If you have questions about @CAPS7 @CAPS8 please use @LOCATION2. Everything you @MONTH1 needs is at your fingertips, with the help of your computer and internet of course. In conclusion, I would say that computers are not a good thing for society, they are civilized @CAPS9 stuff! From communicating with friends and family around the world to organizing our daily lives and helping us research important topics, the internet and computers are, in my opinion, the @CAPS9 way of helping us live. Don't you agree with me?
Regarding the @PERCENT1 of today's world, use computers. @MONTH1 While you spend time on the computer, you can connect with family and friends, exercise your brain, and still have time to enjoy nature. Have you heard of email? Well, it's a contact source you can use to connect with family and friends. You can also use other sources to connect with family and friends. For example, facebook, myspace and twitter. You can still do this even if you're on a computer, you don't have to call them all the time. I remember one time I called my aunt on my cell phone and it was a waste of my time. Simple things like this can be done via email. So computers do have their advantages. Did you know you can exercise your brain online? You can do this by learning new information that you haven't learned before. For example, if my sister needs help with science, she can go online to learn more about it. Some experts consider spending too much time on the computer, but it is very useful for others to help them acquire knowledge. Computers even help with internet access, tutoring, so you can exercise your brain there too. Did you know that you can enjoy nature anytime? @PERCENT2 ABOUT OUR WORLD Enjoy nature. Don't you think you can wait until later? Still others don't like the different seasons and may want to stay home. For example, when it snows. I think nature is nice, but I don't think other people want to go out. I also know that we are part of nature and nature is part of our society but the seasons change and the weather is bad. In conclusion, there are some good sources for computers. While you @MONTH1 spend time on the computer, you can connect with your family to exercise your brain and spend time with nature.
Dear newspaper, I think computers have a good influence on people. Computers are very helpful to many people, it gives them education and they can interact with many people. Computers are very helpful to many people. Using a computer can make people's hand-eye coordination very good. Dr. @PERSON4 said: "During recent surveys and tests, I noticed a significant improvement in @PERCENT1's hand-eye coordination, all thanks to computers." , @NUM1 students know typing thanks to computers. Computers are very helpful for business people creating power points. Instead of making a very large poster board for the @CAPS2 @CAPS1 project, I made a power point, which was much easier. Computers are very helpful to many people. Many schools use computers to help teach students new things. For example, students can learn about interesting places they never knew. "@CAPS2's friend is moving to @LOCATION1 and she doesn't know what it's like or where it is. So, we looked it up online and found a lot of cool stuff," @PERSON5 said Computer also Students can be taught about new cultures. Students in @CAPS3 @ORGANIZATION2, @ORGANIZATION2, @PERCENT2 learned about @NUM2 new cultures in a year thanks to computers. Computers can tell people not only interesting places, but also interesting people. I never knew @PERSON2 president had @NUM3 brothers and grew up in @LOCATION2, did I? Computers can be used in schools to help teach new things to students. Many people use computers to interact with others. Using a computer is an easy way to chat with friends. Using instant messaging is free! Now parents don't have to pay annoying phone bills anymore! In a recent survey conducted in the town of @CAPS4 @CAPS5, @PERCENT3 felt it was much easier to use a computer to talk to friends. Computers help people meet new people online. Have you heard of dating sites? Well, that's what @PERSON1 had to say, "@CAPS6 is awesome! @CAPS2 husband and I met online and we've been together for @NUM4 years." @CAPS7 You have a distant cousin, if you give Are they too expensive to call or write? Well, now you don't have to worry anymore because talking to distant relatives online is free! "@CAPS6 it just got easier to talk to people online," @PERSON3 said. A computer can be used to interact with another. The influence of computers on people is very good. They are helpful and can be used to educate and to interact with others.
@MONTH1 @CAPS1, I recently heard your argument about the impact of modern computers on society. Some people feel that they have a positive impact, such as learning new information, interacting or chatting with other people. Others argue that society is devoting a lot of time to computers, arguing that these people are spending less and less time exercising, enjoying nature and spending time with their families. I feel like people are working on computers. People think everything on the internet is real, but it's not, @PERCENT1 is addicted to computers among all teens in the country. First, things posted on the internet are not always true. Anyone can post them, real or fake. My friend found a website with very detailed paper information. She turned it in and the teacher gave it back the next day. "Disinformation" in big red letters @CAPS2 She got information from a book. She might get an "A+". Second, @PERCENT1, who lives among the teens in @LOCATION1, is already addicted to using computers. My friends from @NUM1 to @NUM2 are obsessed with Facebook every day. She started to fail. She doesn't do homework, she doesn't study for exams! She failed @NUM3 grade. It's all because she's addicted to a website. That's why I agree with the experts who care about people spending a lot of time on the computer @CAPS2, you want to continue a healthy lifestyle, avoid computer addiction and limit yourself. Make smart choices.
Dear local paper, I don't think it's good for people who use a lot of technology (like computers), technology affects adults, especially children. Kids chatting on chat sites like facebook are starting to see the difference in grades. I find that kids who are on Facebook start not turning in their homework and their grades drop completely, I heard one student say that once he is on Facebook he stops doing homework and reading his grades from @CAPS1 ta @CAPS2 Average Because he is more focused on computer than school and his reading. I believe computers are really addictive, when you first visit a website, it goes from once a day to twice a day, or even further, as if the computer sometimes connects to you and we can let it go. People who allow themselves to chat online can also be a dangerous thing, young women and men find chatting with people in different states or cities exciting, but not exciting and very dangerous. Chatting online is very dangerous because the person you are talking to may have murdered people or may have kidnapped children or may be weakened but we don't know because on the chat line you don't have to put your feared name you can put in fake pictures and unknowns Age, that's why it's lost in some cases because they didn't think about it before they started chatting. Another reason why using or using a computer might be bad is that it might cause your family to be distracted instead of sitting down and asking your family now because you'll be in a rush to use the computer that day. Computers can also lower your test and quiz scores. You can work on a computer for up to a few hours, you need to study for a big test the next day, and when you fail, no one can blame yourself because you're addicted to computer use. Anyway @PERCENT1 people are under the influence of the computer, it's not a good thing, you might miss a day's work, or you might feel tired and exhausted because all your energy is wasted, unless it's educational Don't leave the computer.
I don't agree that people use computers a lot, I would say this. My first reason is because if you're an @NUM1 old man, or you don't know your kids, you'll have eye problems, so you'll be working on a computer a lot. My second reason is that if your wife finds out that you're talking to another woman online, you're going to have a problem with her because a lot of people have their wives finding out that they can't deal with another woman. The reason I'm in tears is that if you were a kid like me, you wouldn't have fun, you wouldn't have friends, you wouldn't be with your family because of computer problems that came and went, and you were little My sister said to play with her. So that's why you shine on your computer.
@Organization2. Hey my name is @PERSON1 I'm @NUM1 and I'm going to @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS1 @CAPS2 will talk to you about what experts say computers are affecting society. But technology believes that computers have a positive impact on people. More and more people are using computers, but not everyone agrees that it benefits society. People think computers are good for society, @CAPS3 it doesn't make people know more, if they don't have a cell phone to talk to, they can also talk to people online, you can also research where you want to go on vacation, you can take a look at it look. Computers are one of the best things they have ever invented, but bad for some people because they want to search for directions and vacation spots, but they can't, so it's hard to find for people who don't have a computer, and a computer doesn't benefit society. Those who support technological progress believe that computers have a positive impact on people. If @CAPS2 is behind in some courses I can do some research and study at home and learn about it, then the computer is an important device in life. I lost my phone, but now I'm chatting online with my mom's friends and it's easier for me to shop online when my mom's parents don't want to take me shopping. People have learned a lot with computers, and computers are the world of @CAPS3. You can see what's happening on Earth, in space, in cities, and on the Internet. Enables people to learn about distant places and people, and even allows people to talk to people online. I don't know about @LOCATION1 the only thing I know it's hot but I searched for it @LOCATION1 is like a cool/park you can do a lot of fun things so I want to go on vacation and things are true. Online is a great place to chat with friends or family that you can keep in touch with. Some experts worry that people are spending time on the computer instead of exercising. @CAPS1 People do spend a lot of time on the computer, but they exercise when they are out with family, exercise while shopping, exercise my bees on the computer while walking @NUM2, but I still exercise, I keep hitting Basketball morning to afternoon because mom's health is important. You see experts and you might think computers are affecting us, but it's not.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1 readers, @CAPS1, have you imagined life without a computer? No? Well, that's what I want to change. Millions of @CAPS2 have spent countless hours staring at "@ORGANIZATION2, @ORGANIZATION3 & @CAPS3 monitor screens". It's unhealthy to spend that much time sitting in one place, people not only don't get enough exercise, but they don't have the opportunity to enjoy the ever-changing natural world around them. Teenagers and even kids get lost in the online world and don't use their spare time wisely to study or do homework. The internet is also a dangerous place, with increasing computer use maximizing the problem. First, obesity rates are rapidly increasing in @LOCATION1, a recent study by @LOCATION2. The government shows @NUM1 people are overweight and @NUM2 people are obese. We @CAPS4 can reduce obesity rates and become healthier and happier by exercising more and more. Spending all your time on a computer screen will only increase your chances of being overweight. Second, the more time you spend indoors, the less time you have to enjoy nature. The natural world is changing rapidly, and if you barely step out the front door, you will miss out on many great opportunities. Performing computer usage wears them out faster than normal, where does your old computer go when you get @ORGANIZATION2? Landfill! The more you use your computer, the faster you throw it away. If every @CAPS5 throws away one computer a year, they will have over NUM3 million discarded Dells, gateways, macs and we will be living in garbage. @CAPS1 Overuse of computers damages the environment and harms your health! what are you waiting for? Run outside! ride a bicycle! Give your computer a break. Finally, the increased use of computers has increased the number of Internet predictors, and the chances of you or your child being scammed skyrocketed. As more and more children use computers, the level of internet safety has declined. Not only could these kids be watching inappropriate videos on youtube or watching cyberbullying on @CAPS6, they could also be leaking personal information to people they don't even know on myspace and facebook, @PERCENT1's kidnapping may have been because of information computers found on. Would you like this to happen to you or your family? I do not think so. Get up from your comfortable computer chair and take a walk. Limit your internet and computer usage, it will only hurt you, not gain. Thank you for reading, do not support the rapid development of computer technology.
Dear local paper, I have heard that there is a debate about whether computers are good for our society. From my point of view, I am well aware that they are beneficial because they help us stay connected, do our day jobs, and keep everyone entertained. If we live in a world without computers, our society will be completely lost. First, a contributing factor is that computers help us stay connected. Anyone can send emails simply by clicking a button. But without this device, we would have to use the postal service or the phone, both of which cost money. Why don't you want a computer? What if a hurricane hits a foreign country and a family doesn't know it exists? All they need to do is check their email or the internet to see what danger they are in. It's risky to call someone because they can't answer the question for any reason. In this case, computers are essential for everyone. Clearly, the ability to connect is a big reason to keep a computer. Second, computers help us with our daily tasks. Almost everyone works during the week, and if you @MONTH1 don't realize that, most of our help comes from computers. Suppose a man or woman is in their office and they need to create a power point to share the company's new brand. All he/she needs to do is turn on their computer and start working in the blink of an eye. But what can they do without this device? How will they do their job? There is obviously a lot of demand for @CAPS1, @CAPS2 or laptops at work. Finally, computers give us the freedom to play games and browse the Internet. When I get home, I usually go straight to my computer like most teenagers do. I can easily check the score or last night's game, listen to music, and play poker myself. I don't need to open @CAPS3 and wait to throw. All these annoying ads. I don't need to grab the @CAPS4 and throw it into the amp. I don't need to grab all the carols and set up the game. I just need my computer. There is no double the fun and usefulness of computers like games to help us. Although some say computers are not needed, they will help us throughout our lives. From my point of view, I am well aware that they are beneficial because they help us stay connected, do our day jobs, and keep everyone entertained. All of these facts boil down to one final solution, which is to keep computers in our society.
I believe that computers have a great influence on people. People all over the world use computers to talk to other people online, enabling people to learn about people and places far away, and also allowing you to explore the internet. Computers have had a big impact on our way of life. Computers allow people from all over the world to interact with friends and family. Some sites that allow you to do this are myspace, facebook and @ORGANIZATION1. With facebook you can take a photo of yourself and place it on your web page. It's easy. Plus, with @ORGANIZATION1, you can chat with your best friends and actually see what they're up to. However, if you want to do this, you will need a webcam. I have @ORGANIZATION1 which I think is a great resource. I have relatives in @LOCATION1 and I only see them once a year. But with the help of my computer, I can interact with them all year round. Computers allow people from faraway places to learn about another person's culture and way of life. Have you ever seen an ad for a little boy talking to his father on the computer. Well, lying down and eating @CAPS1 cookies in this ad. When he did, he was talking on the computer with his father who was doing the same thing. Meanwhile, father and son dipped Coke into a glass of milk and laughed while eating. At the time I thought it was a good moment because even though they were going in opposite directions, they still had a lot of fun. Just thought it was all because of one computer. Exploring the Internet is something a computer can do. When you do, you can play some really fun games on boring rainy days. You can see what happened at one of your favorite basketball games. Like how many points @PERSON1 scored for your fantasy team. Also, at my school, you can check your grades to see what you got on your last math test or quiz. For example, if I get A's on all but one @CAPS2 in math, then I'll know I need to actually study to get an A on my next exam. With the help of the internet, I can do it. So, now you know that computers are a very important part of our society. Computers allow us to chat with other people online, giving people the opportunity to learn about people and places far away, and computers allow everyone to explore the Internet. As you can see by now, computers have had a big impact on our way of life.
@CAPS1 That's the sound of the light bulb going out in your head. You have learned something new! Yipee, if it's internet for computers, you're going to have to read those boring textbooks. Computers have a great influence on people because it teaches a lot of valuable information, they can answer your questions in @NUM1 seconds, and it also allows you to communicate with the world! Imagine you need to know who is the third president of @CAPS2.S. Are you going to go to the computer to save a lot of time? Or are you going to walk over and read those poor books? Omg... @LOCATION2's capital is @LOCATION1, @ORGANIZATION1's constitution states that one has the right to do so, one of @CAPS3's greatest men, @PERSON1, was assassinated in his car. If it wasn't for the internet, I wouldn't know this. @NUM2 The @NUM3 site on the internet is for educational value, @PERSON2 of @CAPS4's tech major said recently that the internet is a big chunk of education and if it weren't for computers we wouldn't know these things we do today. It has a lot to learn, it's very useful, and it imposes a lot of information on them. "@PERCENT1 people communicate by computer, @PERCENT2 communicate by phone, @PERCENT3 communicate by mail," says Lila, a tech major. @NUM4 of @NUM5 people 9+ with an email. The number of emails sent every day is staggering. What would it be like without our computers? Think about those numbers you just read, isn't it incredible? Computers have a great impact on people because they teach a lot of valuable information, they can answer your questions in @NUM1 seconds, and they allow you to communicate with the world. If you just take a step back, you will find that something is really valuable to you. "
Dear local paper, more and more people are hooked on computers. What I'm trying to say here is that computers are not the best way to benefit our society. First off, most @CAPS1 spend less time with friends/family and more time watching on screen. Also, it is much better for our bodies and minds to go out and enjoy nature. Finally, you may become addicted to your computer. So that's my reason why computers can't benefit our society. My first reason includes friends and family. More and more people are neglecting to spend time with their loved ones in order to get to the next level in the "@CAPS2 war". @CAPS3 Is this really what we want our descendants to grow up, staring blankly at computer screens? I know I don't want that. I know this from personal experience. When I was younger, I visited my cousin @PERSON1. All I can see of him is a quick '@CAPS4', but then flees to his room and continues to click the computer angrily. @CAPS3 Point you can't replace family and friends with a computer screen. this is not right. My next argument is the @CAPS3 computer about our bodies and minds. Best way to take care of these things @CAPS3 naturally. Unfortunately, most @CAPS1 don't go out and work out because of the computer. In fact, almost @NUM1 @CAPS1 said they spend more time on the computer than anywhere else. This @CAPS3 is not a good way to kill time. We need to fix this before more @CAPS1 move from nature to computers. Fresh air, trees and birds are so much better than screens, a few clicks and the hum of machines. My third and final reason for addiction @CAPS3. A lot of people are addicted to what they find on their computer. Addiction @CAPS3 is a very serious problem that we need to address. All this @CAPS3 points to laziness for lack of interest in anything else. I know this from personal experience. When my brother first got his computer, he literally locked himself in his room for days. All he did for nearly a week was socialize and smash his personal best in one game. This @CAPS3 is not the way to treat devices. So, I know you can all see that computers are not having a positive impact on our society. First computer @CAPS3 controls family and friends. Also, considering computers, naturally @CAPS3 becomes less and less important. Finally, it's becoming a global addiction. Thanks for thinking deeply about all the arguments I have to offer. I know it mostly helps people stay connected globally, but there are other ways to do it like mail.
Dear local paper, @ORGANIZATION1 greatly benefits society. They help us learn about distant places, help us with our studies, and allow us to connect with other people online. We need computers. Computers allow us to learn about other countries, people, @CAPS1, etc... How do we learn about places we might want to go on vacation? Or how do we know where we want to see, and where we want to stay away? We need computers to do this. Without computers, we would never even know some countries. The next computer helps us finish school. Sometimes we get project payouts, most of which involve research! Computers make it easier for us to do this. Also, instead of taking your textbooks from school to home and back, we can use online textbooks. Why give us extra work, it's a waste of everyone's time. Instead of wasting time talking on the phone, you can chat online. Wasting time is wasting money. Who wants to do this? In addition to using the keyboard to chat with friends, it will also help you in the future. @NUM1 of @NUM2 students said they prefer to chat online rather than call someone. Computers benefit us through simple information trumps. Computers help us with our studies more easily than textbooks. Finally, computers allow us to talk to other people online. Everything would be more difficult without a computer.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2, do you think computers are good at giving us useful information? I @CAPS2. This is just one of the reasons why I agree to use a computer. Here's why: they give us information to learn, they enable us to communicate with people, and they provide entertainment. However, I @CAPS2 understand why someone would object. Let me explain my point. Whenever I need @CAPS2 or know something I don't, I go to my computer and look it up. Many search engines (such as @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS3, and @LOCATION1) allow us to enter a question or stage and provide us with links to other sites that contain information on the subject we are trying to understand. Another way computers help us learn is because we can download and install software that can help us learn a language or even just practice math. For example, my grandfather wanted to learn how to speak @CAPS4, but he didn't have time to go to class. So he ordered a program to teach him how to say @CAPS4 at home. Another reason I think computers are good for society is because it allows us to communicate with other people. One way is through a social networking site where you have a profile where you can "chat" with your friends by typing what you want to say. Another way is via video chat. This is when you have a webcam that you can see and talk to other people. I think it's very important because the folks at @PERCENT1 think computers make people "sociopathic". It can also help you connect with old classmates and relatives from far away. This @MONTH1 will actually improve the social skills of some shy people. @CAPS2 Do you like music, movies, etc.? Well, you can access via computer. This is another reason for how computers can benefit us. If you're going somewhere you think your kids will get bored, you just @CAPS2 (if you have a laptop) put a movie for them to watch. Another way that computers provide entertainment is that they allow us to listen to music. If you have an ipod or @NUM1 player, you can download music from your computer. If we are interested in playing video games, it also provides entertainment for us. There is entertainment for everyone. Although I support the use of computers, I understand the negative impact they have on many people. Some of them are: people stop exercising and become overweight, their @MONTH1 interact less with other people, they @MONTH1 don't spend much time in the fresh air. Finally, I think computers can benefit our society. The reason I think is: they inform us, they communicate, they entertain us.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2, do you think computers have a positive impact on people? I know I @CAPS2. Computers are good for many reasons: @NUM1 because people can learn about distant places; @NUM2 they can talk to people and understand their culture, @NUM3 they can teach hand-eye coordination. First, if you want to understand where you are going. Computers can help with this! Also, if you want to find good hotels, you can use a computer. If you need transportation, just log into Google and enter what you're looking for. Now, if you're working on a project for school or something in a different part of the world, you can log into your Skype, Facebook, @CAPS3, @CAPS4 or any of your other websites. You can @CAPS2 do a lot of things while talking to your friends on the internet, like: look up school work, look up due dates, appointments, and more. Hand-eye coordination is very important. Computers can help. Drivers need very good hand-eye coordination; if you don't have one, plan for a big insurance bill. If you have poor hand-eye coordination, you will have a hard time handling a lot of things. So that's why computers are a good thing in our society. You can learn where you're going, what you need to accomplish, and even become a better driver.
Dear Newspaper, Computers have a positive effect on people because they teach hand-eye coordination, enable people to understand distant places and people, and allow people to talk to other people online. The invention of the computer is @DATE1's most important event. @PERSON1, professor at @ORGANIZATION3, said: "The invention of the computer has led to hundreds of new discoveries. This week alone, @CAPS3 discovered @NUM1 new drugs that could end cancer." A report by @ORGANIZATION1 states , @PERCENT1 in @NUM2 wealth companies is run by a computer program alone. @ORGANIZATION1 also pointed out that other @PERCENT2 at Fortune @NUM2 companies plan to switch to computer-based operations by the end of @DATE2. For personal use, computers allow you to communicate with your peers to work on school projects. In general, computers make life easier and can help you with all your life problems. First, computers teach hand-eye coordination, which can improve reflexes and reaction times. Computer-based video games can prepare you for real-life tasks and challenges by improving your physical skills. There are many flight simulators and driving simulators on the consumer market. In this day and age, flight schools require their students to complete hundreds of hours of flight simulators. Some driving schools even have their students learn to drive in a simulator before hitting the road. Other games like @CAPS1 @CAPS2 require you to think independently and can improve your reflexes. This @CAPS2 maker lets you avoid blocks and also greatly improves reaction time. All programs available through a computer can help you solve real-life obstacles and allow you to think creatively. Second, computers allow you to learn about distant places and people. It's especially interesting because you can learn about a country's culture without actually going there. This opportunity allows you to immerse yourself in different cultures and religions, making it easier to connect with people from afar. @CAPS4 once said "@CAPS3 is only afraid of what's different from us, so if it's not different, @CAPS3 has nothing to fear." @CAPS4 means that if @CAPS3 understands and uses different people and places, @CAPS3 Don't be afraid of anything. Computers allow us to see and understand people around the world. Seeing things differently enriches our lives and can make us better people. Finally, the invention of the computer allowed us to communicate with people from all over the world. With the invention of @CAPS5, @ORGANIZATION2 and @CAPS6, @CAPS3 can talk to friends who have moved out of town. @ORGANIZATION2 reports that of its @NUM4M users, @NUM5M users have friends who live in different countries. My friend @PERSON2 moved to @LOCATION1 when I was @NUM6. @CAPS3 missed each other until I turned to @NUM7 and invented @ORGANIZATION2. @CAPS3 was online one day and I searched his name to see if he had an account. He did, and @CAPS3 immediately started weekly video chats. Programs like @CAPS5 allow you to make new friends and reconnect with old ones. In short, the birth of the computer brought huge advances to society as a whole. Individuals can talk to friends who live in different countries as if they were in the same room. Businessmen and women can use programs like @CAPS8 to meet on the computer. Government officials can talk to other leaders around the world. Although some people think that the advent of computers has affected communication. I believe it is also an effective method that everyone should use.
Dear newspaper, I believe that computers have a positive effect on people. I believe this is because we can talk to people in different countries in a quarter of an hour, we can email other people, and finally we can go to @LOCATION1, ask @CAPS1 questions and get instant responses. First, we can talk to people from different countries. Do you have relatives who go on vacation abroad and have no way to call them to see if everything is ok? For example, they brought laptops but cell phones. Then, the only way we can contact them is via email. Even if you just happened to be in you can keep in touch via email. You can even video chat from your computer without waiting for your reply. Next, we can email other people. Have you ever sent someone a letter only to have to wait two to three days for a response? Sometimes, your letters are even lost and none of these can be found. For email, the wait time for your reply depends on how fast the person you're talking to is typing, most people I know can type a reply in @NUM1 to @NUM2 seconds. I believe it was a car from two to three. With email, there is an 83% chance that your email will not be lost. If it is lost for any reason, the system will send you a message telling you that your message is lost and that you need to send a new message. But most likely your message will reach its destination. Go to @LOCATION1, ask @CAPS1 questions and get instant answers. Have you ever wondered about something and the answer was on the tip of your tongue but you couldn't think of it? If so, you might be smart to go @LOCATION1. You can ask @CAPS1 questions and get instant responses. I mean @CAPS1 question, you can ask questions from @LOCATION2 price to what. You can also ask math questions if you want, like what is the square root of pi and what is @NUM3. From @LOCATION1 to myspace, the internet is full of information that can positively impact people. That's why I think it has a positive effect on people, we can talk to people in different countries, we can send emails, we can ask all kinds of questions.
Dear Editor @CAPS1 Did you know that @PERCENT1 kids who spend most of their time on the computer without exercising develop weight problems and blood disorders? This is just one way in which advances in computer technology have affected people so far. If you move on, this number will increase and @MONTH1 will have other problems. Some other issues @DATE1 that could be made worse are a weak immune system and emotional separation from family. First, let's talk about obesity. Obesity is a scary sight to see someone go through because of something stupid, basically addicted to a computer. Obesity not only shrinks vital organs, it can also lead to blood disorders. Blood disorders, such as high blood pressure and diabetes, can lead to heart attacks. This cuts off oxygen to vital parts of the body. This eventually led to death. Dealing with obesity is bad enough, but seeing them suffer from a weak immune system is horrific. In my experience, I've found that people who use computers a lot usually don't have a good immune system. For example, a friend of mine uses a computer a lot and has a weak immune system. Therefore, he misses at least @NUM1 days per week. And because he misses so many days in a school year, his grades are usually poor. This is another reason why advances in computer technology are such a bad idea. Well, isn't it relatively obvious that technological advancements are not a bad idea? Especially when kids are getting fatter and immune system development affects your life in a completely controllable way? So I urge you to write an article about this to stop the growing disease known as a health problem due to technology.
Almost everyone is affected by computers in some way. Some people think computers are bad because some people spend too much time on them. The problem is that computers help us deal with our daily lives. If we want to connect with people from all over the world, send donations to places of need like @LOCATION1 or @CAPS1, we can use computers to do that. We can change the lives of people in third world countries with the help of computers. Computers can also help us go to school. When a student has to write a report and his handwriting is bad, he can type it out and print it. Or, if a student has to do research on a paper, she can easily find the information on the computer. Maybe a kid has forgotten his homework and he can go to his school website to find it. My final point is that computers are a huge help for businesses. When files are lost or misplaced, staff can use the computer and bring up backup files. When they need to order supplies, most of the time they go to a website and order online. Or, when an update about an upcoming event at the company is posted, an email is sent and a computer is used to find the email. Many people think that people overuse their computers, but the user's fault is not ours. We should choose when to use a computer. Many jobs would be impossible without computers. It's not about overusing them. So in general I'd say the computer is good and very useful when used with the right hand.
Dear newspaper, I have read your article on what people think about the impact of computers. I believe owning a computer is a very good thing. With them, we can have a quick conversation with other people from afar. You can also learn a lot. It also teaches hand-eye coordination. My number one reason why they're good is because you run off and talk to people. Without a computer, it would be nearly impossible to meet people from afar and talk to them so easily. They even have webcams so you can see each other. You can use @CAPS1, @CAPS2, webcams and even simple comments on facebook or myspace. @CAPS2 or a webcam is the easiest, maybe even the coolest way. Second, you can learn that computers have so many websites that are informative and offensive. It's much easier to type something on the internet and then read a bunch of books. The Internet has dictionaries, news stations, weather, history and where to find things. With all this, you don't even need books. They even have maps that you can print out for directions. My last reason is because it teaches hand-eye coordination. When you first start using a computer, you're usually young, and sometimes you don't always type fastest. Computers have become so advanced that there are even touchscreens and wireless mainframes. So when you first start, you usually look down at what you've written, and later, when that becomes easy, adults expect you to look at the screen, and you know your hand-eye coordination is much better than you say it is. All in all, I think computers are a good part of everyday life, and not bad. They are easy communication between people, help you learn, and teach children good and fast hand-eye coordination.
I think computers do benefit us. They allow us to interact with people, talk to distant family members, help us go to school, give us easy access to information, and more often than not have family and friends far away from each other, and computers allow us to interact with them. Computers allow us to You can email and instant message them, play games with them, and befriend them on sites like Facebook so you can see their most recent photos. Interacting with family and friends who live so far away is not easy, and the internet allows us to do just that. Computers not only allow you to talk to family and friends, but also allow you to meet and interact with new people from all over the world. It allows you to make new friends and play games or chat with them. Computers really help you stay in touch with other people in a very simple and convenient way. The next thing a computer helps us is that it entertains us. Kids are trendy, after homework, we have nothing to do, the computer lets us play games, chat with friends, watch movies and videos, upload pictures, etc. It's very useful to us. Kids can hang out after school, but if they have access to a computer, they want to go home and let their parents know they are safe from drugs, alcohol, and other bad things they might be exposed to. Just because kids love computers, it doesn't mean it's the only thing they do. Kids are athletic, always on the move, and always trendy, but computers can help them disappear. They go to school for a few hours and then go to basketball or football practice and sometimes we just need a break. Computers aren't always fun, but they're very useful. Computers help us go to school. It allows us to enter papers and projects. It also provides us with handy information to help with writing the paper. Sites like google and bing are simple sites that help us get good and accurate information on whatever topic we're doing. Computers are very useful at school. As you can see, computer is very important in our life, it makes life a lot easier and you can choose how much you spend on it. But in any case, computers will definitely benefit us.
People should use computers, they do benefit society. More and more people use them @DATE1 and agree that these virtual portals for information and communication are very useful. Think about it, paper is made of trees and it's rough, to get paper you have to cut down the tree and go through the whole wasteful process to get that paper. If everyone used computers, we wouldn't have to cut down those beautiful, lush trees. And, have you ever needed to get information quickly? Well, instead of reading a book and maybe searching for hours, it's much faster to find information on the internet! In the end, everything in the future will eventually be run by computers, they are now and later! They never get old! Computers are very helpful with endless information. A lot of people @DATE1 are very sensitive about our environment and how we treat the planet. They're looking for new ways to help the world be as green as possible. An easy substitute for paper is a computer. Once in school, I was assigned a paper; I easily looked up the material on my computer, typed it out, and emailed it to my teacher. Not a single piece of paper was used! Well, I know, computers use a lot of energy, but honestly, they don't have to. Many people around the world use solar panels to harvest energy from the sun to power their lights, computers, and more! The use of computers is very environmentally friendly, and like I said before, it is a great alternative to our daily waste of paper and pencils. Do you want to find information quickly? On the computer you can! All you do is type what you need into a search engine and @CAPS1! You have the information you need! Instead of finding your information slowly with a book (wasting trees), you can use a simple computer to do the job. A poll shows @PERCENT1 students in @CAPS2 @CAPS3 schools use computers to find information for faster, more accurate results! Do you want to find that or slow information in a boring book? The future is not far away. It's already @DATE2 and we use this computer a lot. Okay, computers do cause distractions and headaches if used for too long, but it's a great invention for the future. We don't go to the restaurant to order food, we order from the computer/touch screen. More and more people come up with better and faster computers. Everyone uses computers and loves it, and they will be used differently in the future. I hope you can see how amazing computers can be. They're useful for the environment, a great alternative to paper, they help you find the information you need quickly, and the professor grants "I do everything on the computer, I'd get lost without it". Finally, they are the future of our world! They are the tech world then and later.
Many people love computers and use them for a number of different reasons. Some people use them for online education. Others use them to talk to family and friends far away. Students also use them to do research for the school. This is why computers can be good devices. There are a lot of people who are now able to get online education because of the problems they have. Such as people who cannot walk and do not like to go to formal schools. Computers will help them find websites where they can get free education. The computer will see the level there like a normal teacher. Computers will make it so easy and better for those who can't walk, they can even study the tests they take on the computer. This is one of the reasons why many people use computers. Many families use computers to try to find long-lost friends or distant family members. They even reach out to them via chat-throwing sites. They also search for addresses and phone numbers. Many people find home-throwing internet there. They met on the spot and even came to each other's mansion. Computers can make their dreams come true by finding family members. It's going to be an exciting event for them, and that's why they need computers. This is a very important reason why students use computers for research projects. Without computers, students would not be able to find the information they need to know. Computers teach students about people they didn't know or met in the past. Computers influence their desire to learn more interesting history. Kids need computers to make the intelligence there higher. Here are some reasons why I think we all need computers. We need them for those who cannot walk, those with distant family and friends, and students who want to learn more. These are all things people love to do on their computers. Without computers, it would shatter everyone's dreams and future. So here are some of the reasons why many people decide to use a computer.
@ORGANIZATION1, is the technology moving fast, are there more inventions coming out; but don't you worry that people are spending a lot of time on this technology? I know @CAPS1 is worried. such as computers. Computers have to be tech-savvy to go online and chat with all kinds of people all over the world. That's when I was worried. In this article, I'll explain why spending too much time on the computer is bad. It's bad because people don't like nature and interact with family and friends. First, how important people think excaise is. This is very important because it keeps you healthy. With the use of computers, people become less healthy. They start to gain weight because the carasaprel gets taller and they are more stressed. Second, they don't like nature. When people start using computers, they stop doing a lot of things. It's like stopping going out and getting some fresh air. They are lost in a little bubble and all they care about is the computer. They don't go out camping, they don't play outside; they don't do anything. They are in front of the computer every day. Finally, a major problem: they stop interacting with family and friends. When mother and father are oh they don't pay attention to these young people, they are always on top. When teens are on the computer, they don't talk to these parents, they ignore the friends and people who care about them the most. They don't care about everyone but they take selfies @CAPS2 You have it; that's why I think we should use less computers. For the following reasons: People stop exercising and staying healthy. They stop enjoying nature, they stop @NUM1 with family and friends. @CAPS2 what do you think?
I think it's a good thing to have computers because most of them are portable, it's fun to have, and you can do a lot of research on them. Laptops are round computers. They are easy to have. You can take them anywhere you want. Many people have laptops at home or with them wherever they go. It's fun because you can also play a lot of games with them in your free time. Another thing you can do is make videos. Last but not least, you can enjoy it. You can research a lot about them. The Internet is a very successful product. This means you can use it for homework if you need help. The Anthor thing is that you can enter papers that you have to do for work and/or school. I think it's nice to have a computer because most of it is portable, it's fun to own, and you can do a lot of research on it.
Dear @CAPS1, I think people should exercise more than they do on the computer. Computers are one of the main reasons why our nation's obsession rate is as big as it is now, including junk food like McDonald's. I'm a huge computer fan myself, don't get me wrong. I'd be on the computer all night if I could, but I don't want to get my body out. I sleep at @NUM1 I usually spend an hour or two on the computer depending on whether I'm working on a project or not. Playing less on the computer can also make your life more fun instead of sitting inside and playing sports like soccer, hanging out with your friends, and @CAPS2 with your family. Do something else instead of continuing. Lastly, if people just force themselves to spend @NUM2 and a half hours on the computer, obsessed! will decline. It could also help save our planet by saving energy.
Dear local paper, I think the whole world has access to computers: I @CAPS1 because so many people use computers for so many things. People all over the world use computers for important things, in case of emergencies and more. Our kids/students in @ORGANIZATION1 use computers to access myspace, facebook and chat lies. Talk to our friends and even other people in the world. We also spoke to our family, who live in @LOCATION1, far from @LOCATION1, but in a different state. A lot of our kids go to my space to talk to friends, family, people we don't even know, people from all over the world and people we haven't seen in years. Well, agian people also use computers to sell drugs, which is very bad for our environment. That's a good reason why people are so effective and addicted to their computers, because bad guys and drug dealers sell drugs online, and other bad guys and drug dealers buy drugs online. As far as I know many people on the intranet, I also know that the people on the extranet will not do those things, and even the people on the intranet will not do those bad things, selling medicines on the intranet. I know this because they are my friends. They're smart, they just don't do anything like this on the internet, or even at all. I tell you my local paper again, people all over the world can use any computer, @CAPS2, @NUM1 or whatever, as long as they have a connection, but as for drug dealers and bad guys than if they want to keep doing what they keep doing , because eventually they will cough and be sent to prison. I tell you, computers are for playing, not for drugging on the internet, but anyway
Today, the technology industry is taking over modern society and attracting users, making them almost addicted. What good is that? Those addicted to the online world interact less and show more signs of depression in recent studies. Also, if you sit in front of the computer all day, you won't burn calories, so you'll gain unnecessary weight, which is easy to avoid. Going to the library is just as useful, if not more useful, than going online. Finally, have you ever thought about destructive effects, Trojans, cyberbullying, violence? In other words, computers are just a negative waste of good money. Families are less and less connected, and who's to blame. It's that big tech book on your desk. Instead of socializing and spending time with family and friends, computer addicts choose to sit on their butt and chat and play games. They are teaching our family apart. "@CAPS1 A @LOCATION1 man has a computer obsession with her two ten year olds. "I swear they were doing it for hours on end" she claimed. In an article I was reading the other day Saying that most people with depression admit to being online at least @NUM1 hours a day. What does all this show? Computers are being abused to keep them out of their children's lives, or at least limit them. Research proves that @PERCENT1 people spend most of their time People who surf the web are either overweight or just on the verge of being obese. Instead of going into the real world and experiencing life for themselves, they look online and rely on other people's opinions. What does that mean to you? People who are overweight have a higher risk of aging, and if not then they have some very health problems. All because they don't want to breathe. In a library environment, people tend to be more and more tasked. You@@ The answer MONTH1 asks yourself is simply too broad and distracting. If you're in the library, you don't get into so much trouble, you can't play online games, or even watch inappropriate stuff. The library has more Reliable sources and solid information to research. Not to mention you can go with your family and even get tutoring. Computers don't provide. Going to the library is a better solution. I must admit, I used to be a computer addict Gentlemen, believe me its effects on people are brutal. Now that I'm out of that period in my life, I can honestly say that I know it's highly addictive to you. I also know firsthand from The payoff for scavenging in this noxious drug. I'm more sociable than ever, and I'm better at problem-solving. I'm @NUM2 pounds in the best shape of my life, and I'm even taken by school Made by the cheerleaders. I go to the library a lot to study and I must say I am very proud of who I am. I spent about @NUM3 hours surfing the web and sleeping. You can use me if I can do it My name is @CAPS2 and I'm a computer addiction survivor."
Dear newspaper @CAPS1, @CAPS2 has followed the advancement of technology over the years and can see the impact it has on people today and today. The question is, are these advancements for the better? Or will they turn to the worst-case scenario? Today I'm going to talk to you about technology and why I don't think it's good for society. As people spend less time exercising and enjoying nature, and leave their social lives behind by constantly using computers, they don't realize how much damage they are doing to themselves. Obesity, especially among children, is increasing every day. This is due to the lack of practice questions, as some people are too busy answering text messages, making phone calls and playing unwanted video games. Not only are they physically hurting themselves, but they are definitely missing out on the wonderful aspects of nature! Why not get out for a while and escape the tech cell you've all been sucked into. @ORGANIZATION1 is one of the most beautiful countries in the world, take advantage of it! Now, without proper practice, you can put your heart at serious risk. Even doing something smaller, like jumping jacks or airlifts, can help you and your heart be healthy! Your parents, even your parents' parents, brought you into the world, fought for you when you needed it, and would do anything to protect you. What would you say if I told you that technology was pushing them away? Texting at the dinner table while they're trying to talk, never leaving your room because you're playing a "fun" game, hiding everything large numbers of people do behind technology instead of socializing with the people that matter most : Friends and relatives. Although your friends @MONTH1 are easier to get along with, they come because you are too busy hanging out with your computer and don't have time to meet them @CAPS3 Singles can live without a friend and that friend needs you! Make some time for those who hold a special place in your heart before they disappear. All in all, technology is corrupting the human mind...it needs to stop! Like I said to be healthy and happy, spend enough time with people you know and maybe they will make you happier than your electric partner. So, folks, jump off that desk chair, turn off your electronics, and jump back into the real world.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, I've heard that people are thinking about how computers can affect people badly, and I disagree. Computers help people a lot at school, in the workplace, and at home. A person without a computer will be worse off than a person with a computer. Doing research, writing essays, letters, and many other works of writing is an absolute necessity for students, as is society as a whole. In almost every school in the country, students use computers every day. I personally have to log into my computer at least twice a week to type a paper for a class, and @ORGANIZATION1 even more. For example, my @CAPS1 teacher asked our class to write a lot of papers or letters. She told us over and over that if our handwriting was bad, she wouldn't grade it. Having the computer type it eliminates the fact that if our teacher can't read, she can't grade it. I know people will say it makes a lot less of what people need to write by hand, people lose the ability to write things by hand, but with advanced technology on computers and typing in this posture, soon handwriting won't be necessary anymore. Anyone can use a computer to easily find any research they need. For students in any grade and in any class, research projects will be assigned by teachers. Using books and other research tools is slow and effective. Finding pictures on a computer is quick and easy, and provides better results than a book. The same goes for work, for example, one might need to set up a powerpoint presentation. There's more than just powerpoint on a computer - it's an efficient way to set up a project, the computer allows the person to do all their research in one place. This makes it easier to get a lot of information without having to hunt around for books and talk to people who know the subject. I know that computers can "control" people and that people spend a lot of time on them. But, among the few who do stay on the computer for a long-term study balance, keeping the computer benefits in many ways. Writing many different papers, letters, typing for projects and doing research is faster and easier.
Dear newspaper readers, @CAPS1 Computers have really changed the way people use technology. It makes our society different in many ways. With this device, people can view information faster than ever. One can also talk to friends, especially on popular websites, and even use computers at school, mostly in college. @CAPS1 One advantage of using it in schools is huge for people and education there, computers changed humanity forever. When my grandparents went to school, they didn't know what a computer was. Their guide is prior knowledge, the teacher's knowledge, or a dictionary. We are lucky today that there are even computers at school because my grandparents would have liked to have something as fast and easy as a computer. @CAPS1 Accessing a computer does help people in many different ways, mostly about the world. Where would you first go to talk to people online: @CAPS2. @NUM1 of @NUM2 people has @CAPS2. The reason it's so popular is because it wants to talk to friends and they love to talk too. From my experience in Canada, @CAPS2 has it too, which is surprising. Talking at home is incredible. Because you are an opportunity for people to make new friends. It also affects the way people live. When teens go to high school, they can choose to talk about a specific topic, almost like a help class, because when you're in college, there aren't many. I have someone staying up late for our paper. @CAPS1 Those are an advantage in everyday life, especially college, because it's an opportunity to get someone better at typing, and computer courses can really help someone who's trying to learn how to type fast, and get more sleeping time! In conclusion, I believe @CAPS1 computers are impacting our society in a positive way. Thank you for reading this letter and I hope you will take this into consideration. @CAPS1 Computers changed lives forever.
Dear @CAPS1 paper editors, we should stop because people just stay home and use their computers to do everything. To make life there worse, they should make a day without a computer and everyone hanging out. The more you are, the better I can map the world. The stronger the workout, the more people can use the computer because they can play games there, but sometimes we have to go out and play. Sometimes I like to use the computer, but I don't exercise that much and I wish I could stop and get out and exercise more. We will have a computer, but we won't be using it for a long time and then spending more time outside. We should only limit children to two or three hours a day. When they were there using the computer, they used it for a few hours, that's not good, they should go out, that's why.
Dear local paper, I think computers are good for people. The first family friend can communicate at a distance. Secondly, typing on the computer gives people good hand-eye coordination. Third, they enable people to learn about distant places. Finally, it gives students the opportunity to research the topic they are studying. @CAPS1 what do you think? Researcher @PERSON1 says that almost all of @PERCENT1's family lives far away. Computers enable families to communicate their goals or chat with webcams. Computers are also used to communicate in the @PERCENT1 family of @PERCENT2 who are far apart from each other. Hand-eye coordination, some people type without looking, some people are really slow. Typing on a computer provides excellent hand-eye coordination. Good hand-eye coordination can be used for many things. For example, playing sports, or even simple tasks like throwing things in the trash. Finally, have you ever wanted to learn about a place far from where you live, or have you researched a topic for school? Well, I have. Computers enable people to understand distant places. For example, in third grade I had to study hammerhead sharks. Don't teachers always ask their students to look up a word or a topic on the computer? As I said before, I think computers are good for people. I hope my three reasons for connecting with family and friends and hand-eye connection and research at the end make you think it's a good thing too. Thanks for taking the time to read @CAPS1, I have to say, I hope you give it some serious thought.
Dear local @CAPS1, I think computers have a positive effect on people. There are many ways in which computers can positively impact humans. First, computers bring people together, they let people talk to each other, they let people talk to each other. Computers also allow people to learn new things. There is a lot of information on the Internet. Computers also allow people to do things they couldn't do without a computer. So computers have a positive impact on people. Computers allow people to communicate with each other. Computers bring people together. People can use the Internet to send emails to each other. When you need to write someone a letter, it can take a few days for them to receive it. But with email, they'll get it the second time you send it. There are also sites like Facebook that allow you to chat with your friends' sites to connect people. When you and your friends can't chat together, you just need to turn on your computer. Computers also have webcams that allow people to talk to each other. You can see them. It lets people see other people's faces and hear voices there, which is better than being on the phone and writing someone a letter, that's why computers have a positive impact on people. Computers also keep you informed about new things Any problem, or if you have a problem, you can go online. If you are someone else, they may not know the answer. Computers let people see pictures and videos. If you wanted to see a picture of @CAPS2, you would go into a computer and feed it into a computer and let people see pictures they wouldn't see in real life. Vidios lets you watch interesting things to keep you entertained throughout the day. If you like a show and you miss it, you can find it on your computer. This is why computers have a positive impact on people. Computers also allow you to do things you can't live without. I always type on the computer when the teacher asks me to type. Without a computer, I would have to use a typewriter, and if I made a mistake, I would have to retype the whole thing. The computer also lets you play music. You can put a CD on your computer and it will play music. Computers allow you to do things you couldn't do without computers. Computers benefit society and positively impact people. They allow people to communicate with each other and bring people together. They let people talk to each other. Computers can also teach you new things. They also let you do things you can't live without. Computers have many positive effects on people, so I hope you agree that computers are good for society
Dear local paper, The positive impact of computers on people I say it's a positive because what if you're in a hurry and don't know if you need your rain boots? Check the computer! I say yes, because without computers, how would most offices do business? It's too painful to keep everything in a file. Especially in schools, because teachers don't keep students' grades in filing cabinets! They put them on the computer, @CAPS1 They need a huge filing cabinet. I can understand why some people think that computers have a bad influence on people. They may think it will take up time from nature, friends and family. But many people take their laptops to the local park, sit under a tree on a warm day, and use the computer there. This is especially done by students who do their homework under the leaves to help them relax. Also, people with family or friends who live in other states, who don't have a house number @MONTH1, or who don't have time for long conversations, can email them or check their profiles using social networks like Facebook or myspace page and say "@CAPS2, how are you?" local shop owner @PERSON1 said, "I barely have time for myself! So when I want to say @CAPS2 to @LOCATION1's sister, I usually say hi on Facebook because I know she likes to talk about my ears!" I remember one morning when I was on my way before school and didn't know what type of clothes to wear. I checked the weather forecast on the local news radio site and thank god I did! If I don't have an umbrella, I'll stock it up in the pouring rain! A computer is also a great option if you want to catch any news, or just relax and play some games you can play. So if you're wondering if the weather today is perfect for sitting under a tree in the park and typing with your partner, then go ahead. But don't forget to email her and ask her first because you lost her phone number.
@ORGANIZATION1, @NUM1 Of the @NUM2 people surveyed by @LOCATION1, @CAPS1, there is a consensus that using computers is good for society. I personally care about these @NUM1 people, computers have a positive impact on people. I think there are many reasons why using a computer is really good for society, including that it can teach people good hand-eye coordination, enable people to learn about distant places and people, and even allow people to talk to other people online. Again I believe that computers can have a positive impact on people. First, it's a well-established fact that most sports involve hand-eye coordination to some degree. Computers can help people acquire good hand-eye coordination from an early age. When a person uses a computer, they have to pay close attention to the screen, but can still use a mouse or keyboard. If you think about why you don't even like looking at the mouse on the keyboard while typing, it takes a lot of coordination, they just know where everything is. People disagree with what I say and often use the excuse that when people spend too much time on the computer, they don't get enough exercise. However, I believe this is not true. The hand-eye coordination that people learn on computers helps improve their skills and coordination in sports, such as in baseball, where a person has to look at the ball to catch it, but at the same time they have to move their arms to catch it. That's the help of hand-eye coordination. This proves that computers can benefit society by teaching people hand-eye coordination. In addition to the @PERCENT1 teachers at @ORGANIZATION2, they see computers as a great tool to help students learn. Computers enable people to learn about distant places and people. They enable people to access information about foreign places or people available in or other resource areas. On a computer, people can go and search for attractions and enter my location in the world. Then all they have to do is search and they have dozens of information and pictures about that place, @CAPS2 is a technologically advanced society where people are learning and they can push through a great button. Also think of it as a school tool. Teachers can make students do projects about people from different countries, and students can easily see the information on the computer. Computers benefit society in ways that can teach different places and people. Computers can help people get interested in these different topics, @MONTH1 can even inspire some people to go to these faraway places or hack different people. Finally, @NUM4 out of @NUM5 have some way of connecting with people online, be it email or Facebook. Computers allow people to connect with other people online. In our modern society, it is very important for a person to have friends, why it is good to keep in touch with friends, if you are far away from you and have not had them for a while, it is a good idea to connect them on your computer way to keep in touch. Those who disagree with me argue that spending time on the computer means less time with family and friends. I believe it's the exact opposite. Since @CAPS2 lives in the modern age, families know their kids go to college and they may travel far away or even across the country. Having a computer allows the family to chat in an easy way to stay connected. People talking to each other online is just another way that computers benefit society. Don't miss out, don't miss out! Computers can benefit society. They achieve people's hand-eye coordination and can be used in our lives. Most importantly, they enable people to learn about distant places and people. Finally, they allow people to chat with others online. @CAPS2 Living in a modern era where society is improving every day and computers are a big part of it! They have a positive effect on people.
Dear local paper, I disagree because people should just enjoy spending time with their family and not doing nothing on the computer, do you agree with me so far? If you're wasting all your time on the computer, you can't do anything because I noticed a lot of kids playing on the computer every day after school. For example, my cosiun does it on the computer every day, but waste his time are you still with me? Second, kids should study on the computer, not play video games, go to sites that are not allowed, and then @NUM1 students and kids play video games online and do things they do every day, and I see a lot The child is playing a game on the computer. Third, if they have time, students will never learn anything, because computers are for learning, many students don't have time wisely, because they should also have a lot of students who should only use computers, sometimes not every day I notice Until there are a lot of students who didn't study from compu because they didn't study the test mre and then @PERCENT1 students failed because of the computer. First of all, people should spend time with their friends because they are the most important people around, not the computer. Are you still with me? Second, friends are the most important people I've ever had because they care and love you like you're family, but how do you know all your friends if you're just wasting time on your computer. For example, I've been on the computer and never see her friends and her friends come here because she never cares about their only computer, god knows what I'm saying here. Third, family is also important and then just on the computer because they care that you have to spend time with your family at least, for example, many families stop spending time with each other because the computer is important to them. In the end, helping you to be a community is the goal, because you make your city look like you don't want it to be huge, and many people give up helping with community services around their neighbors, like I see trash on the grounds because they don't care. It is very important to finally get out and do some exercise and start working out. First, exercise goes a long way, you're healthy, but people stop exercising just because of computers, like @NUM2 people stop exercising, and second, it's very important to go exercise because it's good.
I believe that computers have a positive effect on people. They teach hand-eye coordination, enable people to understand distant places and people, and even allow people to converse with other people online. All these things are good, so why not use computers, we need computers. Do you think computers are a positive or negative influence? When you hear this, you might want to agree that computers have a positive impact. Computers have a positive impact in many ways, such as: school, work, talking to others, and getting information. from different websites. If we don't have computers or use them, we might use books. We get information from books, but not as much as we get from computers. If it weren't for computers, we probably wouldn't know that much. The reason computers have a positive effect is because you are exercising your eyes, and when you are typing, you are exercising your hands. This demonstrates hand-eye coordination. Do we understand where we live? There was an earthquake and we visited the website for it. You can find out what's going on somewhere you want to go on vacation. You can learn about celebrities you don't know, so all you have to do is look up your celebrity on your computer. Computers are what people use to talk to and keep in touch with people. Now we have @CAPS1, @CAPS2, @CAPS3, etc. We use it to talk to our friends and family. Some of our family or friends live far away, so we use computers to talk. If you have email, teachers and staff may have to email each other to handle business. You can even get jobs for students at school so they can learn more and do different activities. You can even play games on your computer. You can explore nature on your computer. I think computers are a great way to learn and talk to others. Do you want your child to study? Do you want your kids to have fun? So tell me what you think! Computers have a positive effect.
I believe that computers have a negative impact on people. Computer use affects one's time because of sitting for hours playing online games, @CAPS1 also affects health there because there is no fresh air or spending time with family, and finally @CAPS1 affects education there because they can There use time and there are jobs on the computer. First of all using a computer affects one's time, @CAPS1 does it by wasting time sitting there while you're playing outside or doing chores at home. Instead of playing computer games, you can help your family or friends. All the time, you could have done something good and wasted it because of your computer. Computers can also affect your health because you don't have any air in a room. You are also not exercising and helping your body. This can affect your emotional health. When you're on the computer, you don't talk to people and become social, you may lose touch with your friends and family. @CAPS1 will get worse when you lose connection and become you will use your computer more. My last reason is that @CAPS1 affects education because when you can do your homework and learn important stuff on your computer, you get nothing, then you go to school and probably mess forever! It really sucks because you're on the computer. There were times when I put my homework aside to use the computer and my grades dropped a lot. So this is why @CAPS1 affects education. This is how computers affect education, health and time. I know you think computers can be used for education, but humans prefer fun to anything else, I hope this helps you realize that.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1's name is @PERSON1. I'm @NUM1 years old and I go to @ORGANIZATION1 in @LOCATION1 named @ORGANIZATION1. I am a very smart kid. In @CAPS1's opinion, I benefit people who use computers. You should keep reading @CAPS1 because I'm going to tell you @NUM2 good reasons why I benefit people who use computers. @CAPS1 The first reason is that they teach hand-eye coordination, allowing people to understand distant places and people. For example, when I've been using a computer and doing research, it always gives me the ability to learn about new places and people. Another example is when I watch @CAPS2.V on @CAPS3 @NUM3 it says people know about people in faraway places and on the internet @PERCENT1. The second reason for @CAPS1 is that it allows people to chat with other people online, for example when I visit @CAPS1 facebook on my computer every day, it always gives me the opportunity to chat with @CAPS1 friends and other people online. Another example is when I search computers.org on my computer, it says it lets the people at @PERCENT2 sometimes chat with other people online. @CAPS1 @NUM4 The reason is that it allows students to get information while working on a project. For example, when I always use the @ORGANIZATION1 computer, it allows me to get, for example, information about @LOCATION2 and @PERSON2 govina, which is why I benefit people who use computers. Another example is when I look at a magazine on my computer and it tells me that kids get a lot of information when they do projects @PERCENT2. In conclusion, I benefit people who use computers because they teach hand-eye coordination, it allows people to understand distant places and people, it allows people to chat with other people online, and it allows students to get information while working on projects. These are @NUM2 reasons why I benefit people who use computers. So please local papers please try to make this credible.
Dear Editor, Computers are a waste of time. When the kids come home from school, they jot down their names and work directly on the computer. Computers are wasting the minds of little kids, and others don't even bother to look outside because they're on the computer. If you only have one computer at home and don't have a time limit on how long you have to use it, it can cause problems among siblings or adults. If your siblings have been on the computer for a long time and you want to continue without more parents, there may be some bickering and yelling. Also, if someone does something on the computer that they shouldn't be doing, it's screwed up, and the person who always fixes it will be very angry. "@CAPS1 having a great day outside" is the parent a lot of people get from there. Most people just waste the day by sitting at the computer and a favorite snack. A lot of people don't even look out because they don't bother to get off the computer, go for a walk, or play in the snow. My little brothers love shooting games on the computer, they are @NUM1 @NUM2 years old! They are twins, so they like the same things, so they both like to kill in the game. I'm pretty sure almost every other boy around will feel the same way. My point is that these games don't teach kids anything. All @CAPS1 taught them how to kill people or animals, or do something dangerous if they would hurt themselves. I want my letter to show people that computers can hurt others and that they can waste your life instead of going to the park with your family and spending your time on your computer. Most of the time it affects people negatively, which is not great.
Dear @CAPS1 of my local paper, more and more people are using computers, but not everyone agrees that it is good for society. These boxes may be harmful to the user's eyes. Furthermore, they lead to less interaction with "real" people. Finally, they can lead to a very unhealthy lifestyle. Computers are harmful to our society. First of all, computers are harmful because they are very bad for our eyes. Between @DATE1 @DATE2 and @DATE3, doctors saw an almost increase in @PERCENT1 eye problems leading to surgery, glasses or contact. This may be directly related to excessive use of personal computers. Additionally, research shows that the average citizen who uses these cootraptions for more than four hours a day ends up with extreme vision deterioration by the age of @NUM1. Finally, @CAPS2 @CAPS3 stated that excessive computer use has a very negative impact on workers' eyesight. It can be seen that the work is done faster, but the medical costs actually outweigh the little extra profit from modernization. Second, computers are harmful because they result in less time with "real" people. First, research shows that people don't fully understand their peers by talking to them through a box. Also, a study by @ORGANIZATION1 shows that conversations in social gatherings are about @PERCENT2 compared to @DATE1. This is shocking because at this rate the people of @MONTH1 will never get to know each other and @MONTH1's world becomes an electron based workspace. Finally, social relations professional @PERSON1 says that when people can't feel the emotion of a person speaking, they end up with a lack of understanding. Sure, you can video chat, but that still doesn't convey the true feelings behind a person's words. Finally, computers are harmful because they lead to very unhealthy lifestyles. First, sitting indoors all day without fresh air is very bad for the lungs and can lead to premature breathing problems. Also, according to @CAPS5 of @CAPS4, the average person gets @PERCENT3 to exercise less, which is less likely to be directly affected by overuse of the computer. Finally, over the last ten @DATE1, obesity rates have gone from barely rising to over @NUM2. Research shows that most obese patients spend an inordinate amount of time in their ten little boxes. While you might think it's not entirely due to computers, it has been proven time and time again that these machines are the main reason behind the world's current unhealthy lifestyles. Personal computers have had a very negative impact on today's society. This technology results in very poor eyesight for the public. Also, they result in a much lower number of social interactions. In the end, they end up forcing people into unhealthy lifestyles. So let people know that computers are bad for society and try to make the world a better place.
Dear @CAPS1, I believe using a computer is a good thing. They can help you understand topics in places you thought were interesting but didn't know. They can help save the environment. That's why I think using a computer is a good thing. First, they help you learn about new topics. Let's say you're reporting for school for @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 of @CAPS2 and you don't know anything about them. You can sit at your computer, type "@ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 by @CAPS2" into a Google search, and hit enter. There are hundreds of entries for @ORGANIZATION1. You can sit back and learn about these magnificent creations forever. You can always learn about any topic on your computer. You can even learn about computers and all their history! Second, they can help save the environment. People always use paper, and paper comes from trees. When we cut down trees, we are harming our environment. We are depleting our oxygen supply and destroying habitats for animals and insects. If everyone used a computer, we would use less paper. We can use to send papers and documents, we can take to tax appointments and paired suits. Computers can even be used for schoolwork. Teachers can email homework to students, which students can fill out and email back. Of course, we still need paper to do some things, but we'll use less. One could also use fewer fossils. We can communicate with witnesses and communicate with them through things like the Internet and Skype. Third, computers can help us get in. Computers can help find ways to do many things, such as better medical care, more efficient travel, and even everyday life. With the help of computers, we can find better ways to treat serious diseases. We can find cures for cancer and even the common cold. Computers can also help us find more efficient ways. They can help find a more efficient feeling, and efficient feeling can help create a delivery device. It could also help us explore space deeper and find more planets and galaxies. Computers can also help us in our daily lives. When you wake up at @TIME1, imagine being able to screen and take a hot shower in five minutes, with your breakfast and work equipment all set. That really is the future of computing. These are all reasons why computers have gone from school research to space and beyond.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, In the eyes of @CAPS2, computers are awesome! Therefore, I believe that computers have a great impact on people's lives. Three reasons in favor of @CAPS2's decision is that a lot of work uses a computer, instead of using a dictionary or thesaurus, you can just search for it, which helps a lot at home/at home. @CAPS2 The first reason is that many jobs in the state or country use computers. Statistically, @NUM1 of @NUM2 jobs in the state use computers or computer hardware-related technology. If you think about it honestly, if you are a teacher, a factory employee, etc., you can hardly even do a job without it. We have learned a lot from new inventions that have emerged in the past decade or two. If we've learned anything in the last @NUM3 years, it would be "@CAPS1 the time you spend on your computer, but keep going because you'll learn something you didn't know before." @CAPS2 Second Reason Yes we have more useful search engines than @NUM3 years ago. In/around @NUM5, if you want to find information, the only way to go is... books. Yes, I mean reading is great, but it's faster and easier to own a computer these days. All you have to do is go to @ORGANIZATION2 and enter what you want to find. Then it will appear in about @NUM6 seconds with about @NUM7 links to websites to help you. Just imagine now there are no directories, just a link and a click! @CAPS2 The third reason is that it helps a lot at home/at home. About @PERCENT1 people have a laptop or computer at home in @LOCATION1 state. However, this is not a bad thing as it can help a lot of things. Including, helping kids, helping with cooking, organizing, anything! Assuming you don't know when your "@CAPS3's" friend's birthday party starts, don't worry, just ask his mom on @CAPS4! Or if you need a dinner recipe, find it on cooks.com. This makes life easier and has an extraordinary impact on your life! All in all, it's great to have a computer in your life because there's a lot of work using the computer, there's a lot to search for, and it's helpful at home. So, computers have had a huge impact on people's lives! !
Dear local paper, @CAPS1, do you agree that computers influence people? I think I @CAPS1 agree that computers affect people. I @CAPS1 agree with this statement because people are not used to doing other things and then staying on the computer. An example is @CAPS1 People who stay on the computer don't have much fun with other people. They don't have as much fun as staying on the internet. My last example is that doctors sometimes say it's not good for you to stay on the computer. First, people who stay on the computer don't have much fun with other people. I know a friend of mine loves the computer and uses it for a long time. One idea is that for some people, there isn't a lot to do on a computer. People don't hang out like they go to the mall with friends. Some people try to focus on the computer if they have to do something important. Third, people don't enjoy themselves. I really don't like just sitting on the internet when @CAPS2 is on the computer. An important fact is that when you go to the beach, you don't want to have a great day with your family. People will have maps for a while and don't want to go back to sleep, and you'll have nothing to do for the rest of the day. Sometimes you can't live a good life without enjoying it. In the end, the doctor said that it's not good for you to stay on the computer all the time. An important fact is that you always need to exercise and not run around. It can sometimes happen to your eyes because you are staring at the computer. You need to do some healthy things to help your body. All in all, I agree with this statement, and my reasoning is because you're not going to have fun. You will not enjoy yourself and the doctor. Saying it's not good for you, I hope you like my tip so it can be featured in the newspaper.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, wherever you go, computers are with us. You can learn things or play games on it. Even though computers are all around us, they don't have a positive effect on people because harmful people might find out where you live and they're too addicted. No matter where you look, you can find a computer. At home, at school, in your car, at work and in hotels. Having access to these computers is helpful. Everything we see every day now is run or owned by a computer. In the future, we will see more and more computers. Businesses hardly use computers, and soon they will be running them themselves. With so many computers, it also creates jobs. You can build computers, program them, repair them, and even supervise their work. Although everyone says they are safe on the computer, that's not the case. On a chat site, you might meet someone, they might be a kid or one. They can find out where you live and when no one is home or when you are home alone. With your address, they can even view your house on a website, or maybe get a blueprint of your house. Then they can come and make you mentally afraid of life. You can do a lot of things on your computer. For example, you can play games. Games with virtual worlds or fun but pointless games. Either way, gaming on a computer is so addicting. You said you were going to play @NUM1 minutes, but they made you play @NUM2 hours so addicting. Games just get you stuck and stuck. Although computers are ubiquitous, they have no positive effect on people because harmful people can find your place and they are so addictive. Computers are good and bad. People need to know when to stop using it or it will change your life dramatically.
Dear local paper, I feel strongly that we should not have more computers than look at computers. I strongly believe this is because this can cause serious damage to the eyes. My take on having computers is that I don't think we should have them because you don't get enough exercise. You'll be sitting there looking at your computer all day. You are likely to gain weight during the year. You'll be like a couch potato. My next comment is that we won't be able to get out of the house to see the beautiful nature. Like all trees, flowers, wild animals. If you don't get out, you don't have fresh air. My final opinion is if we have computers. We will not be able to hang out with friends and family. You won't be able to see how big your family is. Or they are still small. Well, these are my thoughts on owning a computer.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1, I am writing this letter to express my views on the impact of computers on people. I think it works well because they are needed everywhere and they keep things neatly stored so you know when you go back it will be neat and preserved. Computers are used everywhere and they are a big deal. Hotels use them to keep people in each room and activate room keys, restaurants use them to help with checkouts, and hospitals use them to store flies so they can be printed so doctors can see them and learn about them. Schools use them, they need them to store grades neatly, or for students to neatly type and turn in their papers, and they can save it for today and use it tomorrow. Computers can also be your work as you work on them, like fixing them or installing the @ORGANIZATION1 programmer app. You can also do your work as if you were working on a website, or just write a boper. The biggest company @MONTH1 needs a computer, even @ORGANIZATION1 needs them, they are important in your company. So even if people don't go out, computers can't help you make money or be successful in life, once you get the money, you go out quickly. As a result, computers have had a major impact on schools, communities, shops and many other places and people's lives.
Dear @ORGANIZATION2, @CAPS1 named us @PERSON1 from @LOCATION3, @LOCATION2. I think if you hear it from a young teenager, it will help you see the impact of @ORGANIZATION1's computer use throughout @LOCATION1. This will help you because in the age of @CAPS1 people depend on computers! They can be entertained by online games, communicate with friends and family, and receive news about what's going on around the world. While some people don't always benefit from having a computer, most of @ORGANIZATION1's time people are satisfied and do benefit from using a @ORGANIZATION1 computer. First, people are influenced by computers in a positive way because they can be entertained whether it's playing online games or participating in fantasy sports leagues. While I've only mentioned two non-educational examples, there are plenty of educational sites on the internet for kids to learn from. I could cite many examples of @ORGANIZATION1 entertainment in @CAPS1's personal life. I use something like @CAPS2, which is an online gaming site, or a fantasy football team I'm a part of. Another example of @ORGANIZATION1 entertainment is when @CAPS1's little brother. Parker continues to leave the site. He will be playing on these sites for hours. Computer screen where he's studying despite him hanging out in front of @ORGANIZATION1. In addition, experts say children around the world learn more from computers than from textbooks or from teachers. They say this because the computer screen grabs attention. Learning is a priority and if it means having kids work for an hour in front of the @ORGANIZATION1 computer will improve that, then this is what happens. @CAPS1 The next reason computers are affecting people @ORGANIZATION1 is because it helps people communicate with friends or family. @CAPS1 brother is going to college at @ORGANIZATION1 because we don't see him very often. Our family will be video chatting with him through a program called @ORGANIZATION4. Because of this @ORGANIZATION1 program we were able to keep in touch. @DATE1 posted an online poll asking people how they talk to friends or family on a regular basis. 63% of @ORGANIZATION1 polls show that people spend the most time communicating from a computer on @ORGANIZATION1. Thirty-two percent said it over the phone, and about 16 percent said it in person. This shows how many people communicate from their computers using Facebook, @CAPS3 @CAPS4, etc. I would say computers work well when used this way. Finally, computers help people receive news about what's going on around the world. On the computer at @CAPS1's house, every time I turn on the internet, there is breaking news about the @LOCATION6 war @LOCATION5, etc. A few months ago, a class at @ORGANIZATION3 made a pie chart and discovered how their classmates learned about world news. 56% said they found news from a computer. Not only @ORGANIZATION3 students, but most of them get their news from the internet. Just the other day at dinner our server from @LOCATION4 said he got all the @ORGANIZATION1 news from the internet about his hometown. As you can see, many people use the Internet on their computers to receive news and information. It's easy to see that the impact of computers on people is positive for the @ORGANIZATION1 reasons I've said above; people can be entertained, they can communicate with family and friends, @MONTH1 receive news about what's going on around the world. Like I said in the first paragraph, not all impacts are positive, but most @ORGANIZATION1 are!
The local paper wanted to know my opinion on the impact of computers on people. Computers do have an impact on people. People can meet new people, learn about new places, and talk to friends. Read on to learn how computers affect people's lives. My first reason is that people can meet new people. You can meet new friends from all over the world. You can keep in touch with them via @CAPS1 or email. It's a faster, newer way to meet new people. My second reason is that you can learn new places. You can learn about new locations with just a click on the web page. Computers are a faster way to learn. I give you everything you need to know about the new places you want to know. My third reason is that we can talk to friends. Computers have many different social networking sites where you can talk to people. You don't have to wait for school the next day, you can talk to them on the computer. With all this new/faster stuff, you can always talk to your friends. Finally, you know how computers affect people. We can meet new people, learn about new places, and talk to friends. Computers can do all these days. Hope you enjoy reading all about how they affect people.
Dear @CAPS1 people, you have been told that using @CAPS1 does not provide any knowledge, but I agree that it gives you hand-eye coordination, @CAPS1 is the most useful thing in the world. My number one reason is that there is so much technology inside a computer that helps people every day. I want to talk about interactions with family and friends. You can chat with your friends on facebook, myspace and even twitter. This is the most common thing on @CAPS1. About @PERCENT1 Teens and adults use myspace and facebook. Kids littering will use @CAPS2 to interact with some friends like @PERCENT2. This technology is the best thing you can use. The second reason is that people need to learn how to use @CAPS1 and hand-eye coordinates. For learning, you can learn how to type, write stories, use @ORGANIZATION1 words, and even learn what to use on the internet, and for hand-eye coordination, you can learn all the keys on the keyboard and how they can become better skills. My third reason is, how to search on google or @LOCATION1. Google is the most used thing for everyone. To find pictures of projects, Labs can look for basically anything. For the dictionary, you can see the meaning of the words and the dictionary is used for studying and doing homework. All these reasons are correct for my conclusion, and computers are the greatest resource on earth, does everyone want an education? Computers help everyone. You must love it! ? !
More and more people are using computers, but not everyone agrees that it is good for society. I, not one. I think you can benefit from spending quite a bit of time on the computer. But I do believe that computers are now an important part of people's lives. I think people should get off the computer, get more exercise, and if they spend time on the computer exercising, they'll get healthier. On your computer, you can find places and view beautiful pictures of places, nature, and even people. But if people get off the computer, go on a trip, and enjoy nature, they can live in nature, not just look at a photo. Everything is more interesting if you are there and experience it, rather than just read it. Another reason I feel so strongly about people spending less time on the computer is that when you use the computer, they don't spend so much time interacting with family and friends that you seem to be away from your friends and family. It's almost as if you're going to be "busy" to see them. As you can see, I strongly disagree with overuse of computers.
Dear, who has this problem Some people are obsessed with computers. They usually stay up late to play games or continue @CAPS1. People who love computers rarely communicate with people they like to be alone with no one bothering them. It's quite possible that some people researching stuff online have been duped, maybe someone is just messing with them. If you love your computer so much that you stay up all night and then you miss work and you get tired, then you know you have a problem and give up. You don't want to stay up late. Because you may have something important to do and you miss it, like your kids party because your husband or wife is typing to wake you up. But you don't want to go, you miss it, when you stop interacting with other people, your kids don't trust you anymore, you really have a problem because you're not going to eat junk food and soda, Want to go to anything. Computers are always bad for you, and sometimes you lose your temper when someone takes the computer. For you, you want to quit that habit and get a new one. When you write a report, you tend to go online. @MONTH1 is a good source, but it may be lying, you can submit the worst report, copy and paste of @MONTH1, but you can still use a good book without having to be a reliable source. Internet is a bad thing, it can consume you don't use it all the time, people making computers should shut down all computer worlds for a week so we know how it would be without the Internet.
Dear Newspaper @CAPS1, @CAPS2 People in our community use computers to get positive thoughts. For example if allows you to have eye coordination, gives people the ability to study far away places, and allows you to talk to far away family members. That's why I think computers have a positive effect on people. First of all, the computer will have a positive effect on people because it allows you to coordinate your eyes and hands. For example, this can help you have the ability to do more. Like working somewhere, like a place of restraint. This requires a lot of coordination to place heavy pallets. My mom was a waitress and she told me she needed a lot of respect. Another reason is that you'll have more hand-coordinated driving because you can react quickly. Some people say that computers keep you from seeing things. It's more than you need glasses. But here's hoping this gives you a reason that computers have a positive impact on people today. Second, why computers have a positive impact, as it enables people to search far-flung places. Why this might be a good thing because you can get a good idea of what it looks like and you might want to take a trip there. Another reason is that students often have projects that require research in other countries. Computers make kids smarter this way, but some say kids can visit a site that can be bad, and neither would they if all they did was research when they could do it in their own town Get exercise. But kids around @PERCENT1 can still be on the computer instead of exercising. This is another reason why computers have an impact. In the end, why computers are positive is that kids and adults can talk to friends or family faster. For example, if a family member lives far away and not by mail, you can send it to a computer in @NUM1 minutes. It's faster and easier. Another reason is that your kids can also talk to their friends there faster than mail. About @PERCENT2 the kids use the computer to talk to their friends there but some people say that kids can think there to talk to their friends there, but maybe the bad guy. But make sure all your friends should have a question to make sure it's friends. This is why computers have a positive impact on young people, children, parents. All in all, I would say that computers are having a positive impact for a few reasons, one is that it allows you to have better hand-eye coordination, allowing people to search other countries and talk to friends. Others disagree because it ruins your eyes, doesn't exercise, and ends up making your kids unsafe. But this can easily be changed by restricting kids, seeing who they talk to, and getting them into a sport. That's why I think computers have a positive impact.
Dear local paper, I think computers have a very positive effect on people. The reason @CAPS13 is so they can educate @CAPS1, they make things easy, they're fun. Below, I'll explain each reason. First, it's very educational. Computers are like a huge resource of information. Many teachers @MONTH1 instruct their students online @CAPS2 for learning purposes. Also, many people go online to search for information @CAPS2 about their school, job or project. Great sites like @ORGANIZATION1 with a lot of information can only be accessed using a computer. The @CAPS2 example imagines that you have to use only books for research, but you live far away in the @CAPS6 library. The internet makes research so easy because you can always visit @CAPS7! Second, they make things very easy. Computers provide people with many simple and convenient ways to accomplish many tasks. If there were no computers in the world. Don't you think it can be challenging to interact with people all over the world? Almost every @CAPS4/@CAPS5 in @LOCATION2 like @PERSON1, @ORGANIZATION2 or @PERSON2 has an online site to help shoppers and they even allow them to buy things online which is easier than driving. I remember a time when something I wanted to go through @CAPS6 had been in @LOCATION1's store, I went online at home and bought @CAPS7 there! Plus, @CAPS7 makes it easier to order @CAPS8, get tickets, get help and more, @CAPS7 saves time! Third, computers are fun! They offer a lot of @CAPS17 things to do! @CAPS2 Example If you're bored, you can search for @CAPS2 your favorite game on your computer. There is always a game you will love. Best of all, you can enjoy @CAPS7 by talking to your friends and family. You stay connected while enjoying their company. Another good thing people love about these computers is that they can send stuff to each other, illuminated by email @CAPS10. Imagine you don't have a phone and you want to tell your husband that he is on a business trip and that your son is sic. If you email @CAPS7, @CAPS7 requires at least @NUM1 days. Via email, in just a few minutes, you can see that the computer can also provide everyone with some @CAPS11 security @CAPS2! So, as you can see, computers have had a very positive impact on the folks at @CAPS13, and the way they do it is that they are educational and they help @CAPS1 learn. They make it super easy to order @CAPS8, get tickets or get in touch for help @CAPS15, they are so much fun, @CAPS6 play @CAPS17 games and keep in touch with your friends and family. Don't you think we could suffer without computers? I think computers have a huge impact on people
Computers are a great source of technology, but many people spend a lot of time on them. People can't see the outside world because they're "busy" on their computers and use them to find things they can do or play games outside in the fresh air. Computers are where people spend a lot of time, not outdoors, exercising, talking, and connecting with family and friends. First, people don't enjoy nature as much as they enjoy computers. When you're stuck at school or at work, you can't get outside to enjoy the natural beauty of nature, so when you're out, take @NUM1 minutes or so to enjoy the wilderness. You don't have to go out every day, but it feels good to go out and explore the world every once in a while. Especially when you have a little rest and solitude, in nature, you can escape and reduce stress. Some @MONTH1 say you can enjoy nature online and explore new places, yes you don't want to experience it for yourself? You can't get the real experience just by looking at the pictures. You have to be them and explore it yourself. In nature, there is always something new. Second, when you're on your computer, you're not doing anything to your body that you need to exercise. Fresh air is good for you, you. Spend most of your time on the computer and not spend time with family and friends. Family is the most important thing in your life, and as you get older, you spend less and less time with your family. You also @MONTH1 see your friends every day at school or work, but you don't really sit down and "catch up" with each other. Online They are programs where you can chat with friends and family, but you don't want to see them in person, especially if you don't see them every week. It's a better experience and you create more moments. Just going out for a long walk or even going for a run can give you time to spend with your loved ones. In conclusion, people spend a lot of time on computers. They cannot experience the outside world and the wonders of nature. The more they use the computer, the less exercise and fresh air they get. Family and friends are the greatest things in your life, don't connect with you. Computers are great for spreadsheets and typing, but they're not for spending all your time mailing and missing out on the adventures of your life
Dear ones, @CAPS1 from @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS2 worries me that a lot of people are arguing about whether computers are good for our society. Some people think that computers are the life of many people, but I disagree with those who say that. I think computers benefit our society in some ways, they bring people together, they provide many sites to study a topic, they allow people to shop at home. One way computers help us is by bringing people together through the use of the Internet. Many families do not live near other relatives and it is difficult to see them. But with the internet, people can use social networking sites like facebook or myspace to keep in touch with each other. Relatives far away can talk to each other, share photos, and stay connected. Also, the internet can help couples come together and can lead to marriage. @MONTH1 times How many times have you seen those @CAPS3 Harmony ads that claim to bring two singles together into a happy couple? Another way computers are helping society today is that they provide many places to conduct research on a topic. There are so many search engines on the internet that they direct you to numerous websites to help you find what you need to know. Also, researching a topic on a computer is much easier than going to the library to read. When using books, to research a topic you need to find the right book, read the whole book or at least most of @CAPS2, and find what you're looking for. But on the Internet, you just type in what you're looking for and click. Finally, computers allow you to shop online and make for a better shopping experience. By shopping online, you don't have to wait in long lines at retail stores, which means less time walking to buy products. For example, many people will rush to the store early in @TIME1 for a big sale on "@CAPS4 @DATE1". A person can queue for hours to get a product. Why wait so long outside when you can buy products from the comfort of your own home and have them delivered directly to your home? Also, many sites offer special offers on online shopping so you can even make money. In conclusion, I think computers benefit our society in three ways, they bring people together, they provide many sites to study a topic, and they allow people to shop at home. A world without computers would be very different from the world we live in today.
To: @ORGANIZATION1 can be an important part of people's lives, however, some people are unaware of the negative effects of these technologies. First, staring at a computer screen is harmful to the body. Second, anyone can post information on the site, so it may not be accurate. Finally, people tend to rely too much on computers. Computers are having a negative impact on our society! Obviously, the first reason computers don't benefit people is because they cause unhealthy symptoms. For example, if you play games on your computer for hours, it can strain your eyes. This can make you feel tired and drowsy after using your computer. Also, the statistics show that @PERCENT1 in @CAPS1 owns the computer. Could this be the reason for @LOCATION1's obesity? Computers are likely to limit people going out and exercising to maintain a healthy lifestyle and weight. Computers clearly don't fit our bodies in many ways. Have you ever wondered if the information on the website is completely accurate and true? I know I have. Anyone with access to a computer can post on a blog, website, or communication site such as twitter, facebook, or myspace. Not everyone who publishes an article is an expert on the subject; the information is likely to be false! More and more @CAPS1s are using computers to get the information they need, which may hurt them in the long run. Books are more accurate! They have to be revised by editors and written by people who absolutely know what they're talking about! So there is no doubt that computers are hurting our country due to false facts. In the end, computers have a negative impact because we are so dependent on them! For example, let's say you're writing a paper on your computer that's due tomorrow. You save it and shut down your computer because you have to go to dinner. Later, you go back to your laptop and find that your paper is no longer there! You see all folders; but it's gone. Computers always have a technical spark, but you don't always have the time to go to a tech help store to fix it. But if you write it out on paper, it doesn't just disappear randomly! The folks at @CAPS4 rely too much on computers, which can backfire and give you @CAPS3 problems. My 6th grade teacher used to say, "@CAPS4 I'm in college and I have a big French paper to hand in. I've been working on it all night. Then @CAPS4 I go back and print it and it's deleted I had to rewrite the whole thing!" Computers have a huge negative impact on society because we tend to rely too much on them. In conclusion, computers are hurting our society, and obviously, they are not healthy for our bodies. In addition, the information on the computer Internet may be accurate. Finally, we are overly reliant on computers, which causes problems. I firmly believe that we should reduce our reliance on computers!
Dear local paper, people spending time on @CAPS1 is a great way for people to connect with each other. But it can also be a way for people to get into trouble online, like watching things they shouldn't, strangers they shouldn't talk or type, or even predators who might be online. @PERCENT1 @ORGANIZATION1 kids and adults when they leave @ORGANIZATION1 school for a day or if they leave @ORGANIZATION1 for a work day or if they leave @ORGANIZATION1 for a work night they just check things on the computer and entertain the kids like in some kings @ ORGANIZATION1 chat with friends programmatically, or @ORGANIZATION1 they even play games online. Three-quarters of @ORGANIZATION1 kids younger than @NUM1 go online more than adults under @NUM2 because @ORGANIZATION1 is interested in what's in it. Sometimes people say, "Oh, I'm just checking stuff on my computer. I only need a few minutes," but they're lying. Most people don't go for just a few @ORGANIZATION1 minutes, they go for hours, which affects their relationship or connection with family and/or friends. @PERSON1 of @ORGANIZATION1 said, "People spend hours on their computers looking at what they want, most people do, and it has to stop for the sake of @ORGANIZATION1's family and friends," added @PERSON1, " @CAPS2 is like an addiction". Do you really want to be addicted? I don't think so, so @ORGANIZATION1 just sits there, stores a few hours a day on the screen, then goes out and plays with your friends or family, goes to @CAPS3, the beach, or even just takes a walk in the park. Nothing beats @ORGANIZATION1 being with friends or family and just having fun.
@ORGANIZATION1, computers are great tools and great modern technology. Almost every family has one. @PERCENT1 in my class has computers approx. So many people have them because they are helpful and another current learning resource. It's also a great way to keep in touch with friends. While they can be time-consuming, they make up for it in the long run. First, they're helpful because it's quick and easy to get from page to page. This is especially helpful for work because it doesn't require calling a bunch of clients. You can send them all emails in minutes. They also help with school or planning holidays. You can find super cheap rates from travel agencies on your computer. This is good because our country's WTO accession is not good and we need to save every penny. These are a few reasons why this modern technology is so useful. The second is that it is a good current learning resource. You can find articles about anything that happened at that time or a few days ago. Sometimes, the articles in the book are very old. Those outdated articles don't have more accurate research information, however, computers can compare your information. There is also affordable online education. So if you want to get more education, but you also have to work. This helps a lot. Computers can be used for many things, such as learning. A computer is undoubtedly the best way to keep in touch with friends and family you don't see often. I know what you might be thinking, that's not what a cell phone is for. No, because what if that family member or friend doesn't have a phone. Then they can use their computer to keep in touch. They can use email, Facebook, Aim, and more. A computer helps me stay in touch with people I haven't seen in a while. OK, now I've explained all the reasons why a computer is a great resource. I just wanted to remind you that they are helpful, a great learning resource and a great way to stay connected. Computers are now an important part of society. The computer is a whole new track, and it should stay that way.
Dear local paper, computers and other technologies are the best things that have ever happened to the world! I've heard that computers affect people, and I don't agree with that statement. Here are my @NUM1 reasons. Computers and other technologies have made the road easier. Talk to family and friends without spending money. If you control the amount of time you spend on your computer, you'll be fine. Read on for my great idea. First, computers and other technologies make life easier. Think about it, we can access our bank accounts, stores, research institutes, schools, etc. You don't have to go shopping for groceries, just order online and you're done. We can now buy @CAPS4 fabrics and other household items. Instead of waiting in long lines, it's easy to just look at the list and choose what you want. @CAPS4 Example, I went to @CAPS1 to pick up a few items @CAPS4 for the party. There was a long line so I just went online and picked what I wanted and sent it to me unless it was @NUM2 hours then! It's cool to get what you want without even having to get out of bed. I know you sometimes have yours because you don't want to get up? But you have to go shopping. Didn't computers make life so easy? Second, talk to family and friends without having to spend money. This is awesome because you can text, video chat, email @CAPS4 for free. Computer has many sites to talk to your family and friends like @CAPS2, @CAPS3, myspace, yahoo, and even ohvoo. For the most part, you can video chat and voice chat @CAPS4 for free. All of these sites, you can text @CAPS4 for free and touch these sites with your @CAPS4 example, one day I don't want to spend time talking to my friends. So I just video chat with them. It's 3 times better than @NUM, free and better. Even @CAPS4 people make a lot of money calling them long distance. So why not just video chat I know you don't want to spend hundreds on @CAPS4 phone bills! Read on. Third, if you count the time he spends on the computer of other technical devices, then you'll be fine. Everything works great if you limit and set the time to use your computer. You can tell your body to get off the computer to exercise or talk to a friend. You can't get addicted to something if you have a limited @CAPS4. If you are the kind of person who is on something. Then @MONTH1 you shouldn't buy a computer. Like my mom gave me a limited @CAPS4 computer @NUM4 my laptop has to be turned off on school night. @NUM3:00pm My laptop has to be off on weekends. There is always a way not to be addicted. You just need to know when enough is enough. Not a computer glitch. Just control yourself. To wrap up, I just want to say thank you @CAPS4 for taking the time to read my letter. My reasoning is that computers make life easier, chatting with family and friends @CAPS4 is free, and if you control the amount of time you use on your computer, you'll be fine. Thanks again.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1 Officials, Are you bored enough to chat with friends and family on your computer all day? Some experts say computers are having a negative impact on people in our society. While others find them extremely helpful. Computer use has reached extreme levels, negatively impacting the community. Some of the reasons I feel this way is because of the social constraints that computers place on people and the amount of time people spend on them. My last reason is that computers are the general health of people today. People should be educated about the negative effects of computers! First, computers are dramatically changing the way people communicate. rather than communicating with people. Instead of talking to people face-to-face, teens and adults find themselves "@CAPS1" or "@CAPS2" their friends and colleges. This leads to the formation of many bad habits. People talk more with their bodies, and may even use terms like "@CAPS3" and "@CAPS4" rather than works. This problem is causing a huge gap in the human social sphere and is hurting them to know more! Second, the amount of time wasted on the computer is incredible! If someone logged into a computer to search for facts or "@CAPS5" something, they could get stuck in other programs and spend hours on the computer. This time could have been used for more productive things. Recent polls show that the average person starting at age @NUM1 spends over two hours a day on the computer! This fact is amazing because these people could have accomplished so much more in that time. Time wasted on the computer is a huge problem and needs to change! Finally, human health is severely affected by the use of or computers. As obesity rates rise, these people just sit at their computers and watch it rise. During this time, they can exercise, go to the gym, or even go for a walk with friends. Teens may be playing outdoors but find themselves too busy with the computer to enjoy the fresh air. Whenever I talk to my friends, they usually say they're on facebook or oovoo, not outside or playing with their siblings. If these people don't realize that being on the computer all day is part of the problem, obesity rates will continue to rise! In conclusion, the use of computers has gotten to the point where it hurts society, not that I feel that way because of the social processes it teaches people, and the time wasted on computers. Another major reason is that computers have extreme health problems. If the average person tried it! In order to limit their computer time, they will notice that their lifestyle is active!
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, Experts say that "@PERCENT1 in @CAPS3 spends @NUM1 hours or more per day on computer" the suggested time limit is @NUM2 hours. By spending more time on the computer, people are not exercising. Second, these people are not enjoying life and nature. Finally, computer use puts a strain on social skills among friends and family. Computers are definitely not good. First of all, people in this area are not exercising as they should. Obesity and Diabetes Impact of @CAPS4<@PERCENT1@NUM3>. Both diseases are fatal. If you spend so much time on your computer, these diseases won't spread as quickly around you. When would you leave your computer for an hour to go outdoors or go to the gym so it doesn't affect you? Second, nature is a wonderful thing. Of course, not everyone camps and eats dinner in a tent. However, there are many ways to experience nature without being "rough". You can go to an aquarium or aquarium. Sit on your back pond and go bird watching. All of these are great options for sitting in front of a computer screen and looking at pictures of nature. Finally, people don't spend enough time with family and friends. Yes, you can email, IM, @CAPS5 and @CAPS6 family and friends, but that's not because people aren't as friendly as they are. Mainly social skills. We need social without computers. In conclusion, computers do have a negative impact on people in the long run. People don't exercise. They did not enjoy nature. In the end, their bonds between friends and family became increasingly fragile. This is a growing problem that must be addressed. thank you for your time.
Computer usage has grown significantly over the years. Adults and children spend a lot of time on the computer. Although these devices from @MONTH1 look interesting and helpful. Well, that's not entirely true. Computers are not just for work. This seems to be the new way people communicate. Communicating with others has always been an important part of our lives. There is not a single person in the world who has not had some form of communication with others. Although the computer appears to be abusing the privilege of communicating. Because it is easier and more convenient for people to talk on the online chat scene. The people in these charts are not always who they claim to be. This poses a huge danger to @CAPS3 kids of all ages who are using their signs right now. These kids don't always know who they're talking to, but @CAPS3 online they said whatever was on their mind. @CAPS2 Talking to people face to face is not the same as online. When communicating with people on a computer, authors tend to abbreviate things. For example the word "you" would be spelled "u". These rapid changes happen without thinking and become a natural habit. These changes quickly became part of our communication and writing. So instead of seeing "@CAPS1 have you considered her project", @CAPS2 will see "Do you know her professional". @CAPS3 The grades of so many kids could be affected. Because their spelling soon becomes, and so does the vocabulary, or it's all slang. This vocabulary change can be prevented if the computer is not used frequently. @CAPS2 is out today. If all their communication could be done at home, no one would need to go anywhere. This not only hurts ourselves, but also the environment. The less time people spend outdoors, the more energy is wasted. @CAPS2 Time out is for simple tasks like taking out the trash. This is destroying our environment! Not that many people take care of our planet. People don't use it to build gardens, plant trees, or just pick up some trash by the side of the road. If @CAPS2 were all just taking time, maybe ten minutes a day to help our environment, it would help our bodies and our planet. This will reduce the number of people using computers and change the way @CAPS2 sees our civilization today. So please help yourself and the planet to stop talking on the computer and get out there and do something productive. Computers will always be around, but @CAPS2 is only one of us and one of our planet. @CAPS2 doesn't want to break these with a simple technique.
I think we need our computers. If we didn't have competitors, we wouldn't be able to connect to family members who could live in another state or country. I don't know how to text these days, but some people don't even have a phone, or nothing, how can you reach them, you can't call, the phone you have may not be free. If a family member visits and visits you, they will send you an email, but without a computer, they can't tell when it's coming. Are they inadvertently acting out that they may not even be at home, and if they show up without them knowing, bad luck. And we work out in terms of overtime, what time do we choose, what we do, if we do a sport, enjoy nature, some people might work outside if. Some nerds are on the computer all day, but sure they love nature . Also, about exercise, everyone has to exercise to stay in shape, and I'm pretty sure people don't want to be fat all their lives, they want to look good and feel good about themselves . If it's a holiday or something and people want to send them something to wish, then whatever holiday it is. If they live that far, they won't be able to meet them in person unless they plan to meet, but even if they do, they'll want to email and then don't call, if that costs money, and texting only takes Certain plans call so all that's left is email. Sometimes, if you're not worried, at least you can email family members you've never met and people will like you more than you do on a computer. These are the reasons I think don't get rid of computers and stuff.
Most adults think that computers are just waiting time, which can be addictive or bad for your health at times. Well, it can be really bad, but what matters is how you use it. There is an amazing thing about computers. That's socializing with friends, family, and even strangers. You know when your parents say never have a nice talk with strangers, you can do it safely and harmlessly from your computer, and you can also learn a lot about life outside of your small town or other people's lives. Another @CAPS1 perk of a computer is staying in touch with family or friends who live far away. My sister went to @LOCATION1 for six months but things felt like two weeks because I was able to communicate and see photos of @CAPS1 @CAPS2 here. The last but probably the most important part is mastering. People you really need to talk to, like friends, teachers, or even people you never talk to in school. With these three advanced ways of socializing, it always makes you feel like you're never alone, which is a scary thing. Aside from social life, computers have many other uses, and this is actually an important one, something you need to know or want to know. This is an example of everyone forgetting to work at school or office at least once in their life. Well, it's easy to be able to grab all files offline. Just go to your teacher homepage and print your work. With just one click, it can easily save you a 20-minute drive to school. Wake up at night wondering what the weather will be like, sunny, cold, or even snowy. Well, instead of waiting to find out, you can go to weather.com and see all the maps, forecasts, or what's going to happen every hour. Just like the weather, people always want to know about breaking news. Why watch a two hour show because you can get straight to the point of what's going on in the world we live in. I mean parents have to open their eyes and see that this is a funny thing. We should be proud that humans have created such complex and interesting things. One more topic, I know you will like it very much. I mean now that you rate it in your office, you can rate it from the comfort of your home couch with the crackling of the fire and all the peace and quiet in the world. People have been working from home. You can start your business from your own living room. My dad owns the business and works from home most of the time. It's definitely @CAPS1 able to take me out, spend time with family and most importantly do what he loves and guess what, you can too. Like I've always said, just one click here is another topic, online banking. Do you really want to drive to the bank and sit down with that boring accountant and spend a few hours there, well, now you don't have to waste time, you can type a few keys and you'll see your profile . That was faster than the two hours I guessed. Yes, I believe computers are @CAPS1's use of time and will be of great help in the future. So the next time you log into your computer, do some of these things and let me know, your thoughts are exactly the same as mine.
Dear Local Newspaper Reader: More and more people are using computers, but not everyone agrees that it is good for society. Those who support technological progress believe that computers have a positive impact on people. They teach hand-eye coordination, enable people to understand distant places and people, and even allow people to converse with other people online. Others have different ideas. Some experts worry that people are spending more time on computers and less time exercising, enjoying nature and interacting with family and friends. I agree with these experts because a lot of people take computers seriously and always want to keep using it. Although @CAPS3 users think there is nothing negative about using a computer, it does exist. Such as increasing light payment, obesity and other experts say "@CAPS1 time to interact with family and friends". @CAPS2, @CAPS3 Computer users incur electricity bills because if the user is on all the time, then the computer must be on all the time, and when the computer is on all the time, it causes the electricity bill to increase. I can connect to that because I used to be a @CAPS3 user of the computer and my guardian would yell at me for it. Since I've lowered my habit of being a @CAPS3 user, my guardians have reported a reduction in electricity bills. @CAPS3 Another reason computer users must cut their habits is obesity. Obesity is defined as being overweight in men or women. My imaginary friend is my imaginary @CAPS3 user. Others he's light and he never works out with friends because he's constantly on the computer. Last but not least, @CAPS3 is starting to loose interest with friends and family. As I said in the second paragraph, I used to be a @CAPS3 user. I myself would not accept invitations to not be able to go to the movies with friends or help out at home. Those are the main three things I wouldn't do. Then I learned not to abuse the computer, not to waste time on it. But I also learned to take responsibility for it. This is what I think a lot of @CAPS3 should do. In conclusion, regular use of it is unhealthy as it can lead to obesity. Also, @CAPS3 users have increased electricity bills and don't spend time interacting.
@ORGANIZATION1, in my opinion, computers don't work very well. Many people spend too much time on the computer and little time exercising. People are so attached to their computers that they stop enjoying nature. Also, they don't interact much with family and friends. I think computers are becoming a problem. @NUM1 of the @NUM2 people at my school agree that they hardly exercise anymore because they are always on the computer. For example, @CAPS1, @NUM3, used to go to the gym every day before she had her own computer. Now every afternoon, she finds herself in front of a computer monitor. If it weren't for the computer, I'm sure the kids would be exercising outside. Computers are a serious problem. Have you ever found yourself in front of a computer screen, on a good day outside? I have, I could have been outside enjoying nature when I was on the computer. I think it's best to unplug these computers for a day and go outside for some fresh air! If everyone kept this habit of staying in front of the computer all day without going out, we could become a world of couch potatoes! I'm sure you don't want that. Lastly, I remember saying many times that I would do something with my dad, but I didn't because I was on the computer. Many people can agree with me. Instead of going out and interacting with your friends, many people send them instant messages. The internet is great, but I guess everyone forgets the fun of going out with friends and family. So get off those computers and call a friend. In short, the influence of the computer is not good. Many people spend too much time on the computer and less time exercising. They are so busy that they don't enjoy nature anymore. Also, they did not interact with friends and family. I think after reading this article you will find that computers are not good.
Dear newspaper, people spend a lot of time on their computers. They are on the computer when they should be exercising. People need to enjoy nature and spend time with family and friends. Let me explain a little more. First off, people who agree with @CAPS1, people on facebook, or people on myspace don't get a workout. Now, more than ever, people are becoming very obese. This is very unhealthy. My family is always on facebook without exercising and getting overweight. 8 out of 10 @CAPS2 don't get enough exercise. We need to get people moving and exercising. Second, people need to enjoy nature. Everyone is addicted to their computer, they don't sit down, broadcast and accept nature. People don't know that the earth is polluted. Once animals go extinct, they don't come back. If they leave the computer for a minute, they can see the animals before they leave. The computer is the wall between the inside and the outside of the world. Finally, computers are getting in the way of meeting family and friends. Everyone is addicted to the new school computer and can't see their friends or family. I know people who go to the kitchen when it's time to eat. Get their food and bring the if to their computer so they don't miss any very important family and friends. @PERCENT1 of @CAPS2 only sees friends and family on vacation. Computers are getting in the way! People are not getting the exercise they need. They don't go out to enjoy nature or meet friends and family there. We need to keep people off their butts and away from computers. Why does everyone have to sit in front of a computer?
What I'm about to tell you may change your general view of computers. People might say computers are fast and you get what you need, but I think computers are bad, they're addictive, make your bills go up, and computers cause your kids to spend less time With you and your family, computers can also be very dangerous for teens and children of all ages. I say computer addiction is true @PERCENT1 students spend most of their time on the computer. Why are computers so addicting, they have instant messaging and you can talk to people all over the world. Now I know this might sound good, but it might not be good for your pocket @PERSON1 The person who deals with e-bills says household bills have almost grown because kids spend more time on the computer @PERCENT2 and yes The harder it is for people to pay the bills there. Computers are what they call them now, and it's one of the main reasons kids spend less time with their families. This is true in most households like mine, as my sisters and I spend more time on the computer than each other, which can lead to arguments and squabbles between families. Statistics show that @NUM1 people would rather spend more time on their computer talking to people or listening to music than spending time with their children or parents. Is this what you want to separate you from your children? Computers are not always safe for teens and children of all ages. There are many reasons why computers are sometimes unsafe for your child or teen. I say this because sometimes we worry about the safety of our kids, when your kids are on the computer, you don't know who they're talking to or what they're talking about. Teens most/likely meet other people online and there are stalkers, posers and others out there pretending they aren't, your child may be one of those people who fall in love with it, it may lead to encountering someone they may not Knowing people, they can be kidnapped, knocking anything can happen. Children will always be victimized by verbal abuse, they may be threatened and hurt by others, which can cause emotional harm, so be careful and supervise your child. These are just a few of the things that could happen. That's why I don't think computers can really benefit society.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I think spending too much time on the computer is bad for people because you can become addicted to it. You may get into trouble, which may affect your education. I think one of the reasons that spending too much time on a computer is bad for people is that you can become addicted to it. For example, if you're playing outside on a good day, you call a friend and ask them to come over and they say no, I can't @CAPS3 on the computer. You say why today is a good day. Then your friends say @CAPS3 to play the game. That's an example of being obsessed with computers. Another reason why using your computer for too long is bad for you is that you might get into trouble. Having trouble online is bad because you could be sued, or the website owner could delete it from your computer. Also, if your parents find out you're in even more trouble because then you'll be grounded. This means you won't be able to use your computer for long periods of time. The last reason I think spending too much time on a computer is bad for you is that it affects your education. If someone spends too much time on the computer instead of doing their homework, this can have a big impact on their grades. If you're in @CAPS5 @CAPS6 and that happens, you won't be able to graduate and go to college. Not a good thing if you want to get into a good university. Even if the computer is important in @CAPS5 @CAPS6, you still shouldn't use it for long periods of time. In conclusion, everything I said about why spending too much time on a computer is bad for you proves that too many computers are bad for people.
Dear Local Newspaper: Computers have become an important part of people's lives. The impact of computers on people is only negative. Nothing good comes from using a computer. This is because the computer consumes time in other activities, the computer is not always working, which causes people to get angry, using the computer is bad for your health. I know you have a tough decision to make, but after reading what I have to say, they will no doubt agree with you. Using a computer is time-consuming. People don't know how long they have been using the computer. Once you start using it, you become addicted and hard to stop. In a poll of @NUM1 children, @NUM2 children said they felt lethargic and had a headache after using the computer for two hours. The way the computer makes you feel is not pleasant. But it's fun when you use the computer, for example, you're on @CAPS1 and you talk to your friends and laugh at them and enjoy yourself, but it's not the computer that makes you happy, it's the people, you might as well see them in person. Therefore, computers are time-consuming and should not be used. Computers are unreliable, they have ideas of their own. Many people really rely on their computer all the time, and when it's not working, it can be annoying or frustrating. Computers have a huge impact on people, but they shouldn't. Dr. @PERSON2 of @ORGANIZATION1 said the frustration and anger of @PERCENT1 of @CAPS2 was caused by a computer that was not working. If computer use reduces people's anger, then people's anger will also be reduced, and it will lead to other positive things. Furthermore, computers are unrealistic and can make people angry. My last reason is that computers cause health problems and make people lazy. Obesity rates are higher than ever, and people who sit in front of computers all day are not helping. @PERCENT2's obesity is caused by computer use. @PERSON1 of @ORGANIZATION2 says @NUM3 out of @NUM4 people who don't use a computer are healthier because they exercise instead of using a computer. Therefore, computers can cause health problems. In conclusion, computers affect people because they are time consuming, you can't rely on it, it's bad for your health. Therefore, computers have a negative impact on people.
Dear @LOCATION1, @CAPS1 will one day be able to talk to anyone in the world at the touch of a button. This has been made possible by computers. I support the advancement of technology, because computers can help with hand-eye coordination, it is easy to understand distant places or people, and computers can allow you to talk online. That's why it supports computers. First, computers are good for society because they develop hand-eye coordination. Did you know that nine out of ten people who use a computer have improved hand-eye coordination. Bill @ CAPS2 creator of @ORGANIZATION1 , "The keyboard is the most important part of a computer because it builds hand-eye coordination." This reminds me of when I got my first computer and didn't have hand-eye coordination . @CAPS3 I can type with my eyes closed. I understand you might think that computers cause people to not exercise enough, but computers can improve your hand-eye coordination. That's why I support computers. Secondly I support computers because you can learn about distant places and people. Did you know that nineteen out of twenty students use a computer while studying a place or a person. @PERSON3 said, "Students learn a lot differently than before, @CAPS3 students use computers." This reminds me recently that I had a presentation on @PERSON1 to do and I just needed my computer. I see you @MONTH1 think it's important to enjoy nature and more important to be smart. This is why computers support our society. Finally, I support computers that can instantly talk to the world. Did you know that 99 of our 100 students chat online on touchscreens. According to @PERSON2, creator of instant messaging site @CAPS4, "@CAPS5 is without a doubt the easiest way to keep in touch with @CAPS4, it reminds me of when I go on vacation and still connect with my friends via @CAPS4. I know How important exercise is to your body, but also talking to friends. That's why I support the computer. In short, I support the computer because it supports hand-eye coordination, you can learn about distant places and people, and you can communicate with People all over the world communicate. @CAPS3 you know why I support computers @CAPS5 should have no doubt you will support it.
Dear @CAPS1, I support computers having a positive impact on people because they have a lot to do and learn on a computer, because on a computer you can look up a lot of things like sports, animal world history, etc. The reason I support this is because I love finding out the history of the @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 pioneers who changed humanity. @CAPS4 I say the computer effect guy because it taught you how to type faster and now know how to find certain places on the computer, say your mom was asked you know how to go to a certain site to buy a new one furniture. The third reason why @CAPS6 computers affect people is if say one day you have to do a project about what happened during the @CAPS2 revolution and you're one of those people who spends all their time looking up the @CAPS2 revolution on computers . This means that the project should be very easy. The reason I say @CAPS4 that computers affect people is because they teach better communication skills in facebook and @CAPS5 etc because when I was at school the kids told each other to go to facebook when they got home. I also think computers affect people because say you have an idol and don't want to look up that person eg I love football, basketball @CAPS6 idols are @PERSON1 peterson and @PERSON2 iverson so everytime I turn on my computer I look for two of @CAPS6 an idol. @CAPS6 The last reason I say computers affect people is because they teach how to read, because every time on a computer there is something to read, whatever it is.
Dear newspaper, "@CAPS1 a computer @CAPS15?" @CAPS2 is an ongoing theme, @CAPS10 controversy and ideas have been generated, like senior scientist @PERSON2, I believe computers can be used to help people connect with friends, far away relatives,” said @PERSON2. @PERSON2 @CAPS1 Yes, computers bring people together, whether it’s friends, family or relatives from far-flung countries. @CAPS2 also helps with everyday needs like and homework. First, people Can do @CAPS10 things on your computer including homework, find shops and check traffic and weather. You can play games, connect with friends to learn recipes and react to problems at football games. @CAPS4 around the world Create a link where people can find information about each other and see what they're all about. @PERCENT1's great company finds @CAPS3 and computers are very useful. "@CAPS4 Using @CAPS3 I can find people who are willing to do charities" @PERSON4, @ Charity fundraiser at LOCATION1 said. Second, @CAPS4 people who use @CAPS3 can share heir merchandise from @CAPS10 sites including @CAPS6 and @CAPS7. People also create sites to share their merchandise, @PERSON1 is The @CAPS8 Co-owner of @CAPS9, the pipeline @CAPS8 wallet company that also raises funds for @LOCATION2, has started a website and hopes to raise awareness that something terrible happened." @CAPS10 love @PERSON1 for using @CAPS3 to expand them Business. "@CAPS12 stays in the past, when the door to the future @CAPS1 opens?" @CAPS13 @PERSON3, successful owner of @ORGANIZATION1. @CAPS4 Using computers, people can collect data from others and create new inventions to help the world. People can create @NUM1-@CAPS14 charts on a computer and send the data to a company and want to create @CAPS2. Computers are not just the same playthings, they are serious devices that can help the world. While the folks at @CAPS10 may find faults with computers, they can always think of the good. Hope you can use this article to prove that computers are not all @CAPS15.
Dear @CAPS1, in my opinion, I think we should use computers. The reason I think we should use the computer is because @CAPS2 we need some help and we can find it on the computer and also because sometimes it's the only way you can get in touch with someone and sometimes people @MONTH1 have to leave the computer Check instant mail. First of all, I think we should use a computer, because @CAPS2 we need some help that can be found on a computer. For example, @CAPS2 students need help with their assignments, they can google what they are doing, it will help. They can also visit a website called http.historywork.com which will also help with the problem. Another reason I think we should use computers is because sometimes it's the only way you can get in touch with someone. When I say that, I mean like @CAPS2 you have a computer with them connected on the computer. For example @CAPS2 you have a gmail, facebook, yahoo or myspace where you can chat with your friends. I do it all the time. The last reason I should use a computer is because sometimes @MONTH1 has to go on, like @CAPS2 you @MONTH1 have important information sites and you message you. I do why you can't. So yes, I do theirs.
Dear @LOCATION1 @CAPS1, I firmly believe that people should use less computer. Just imagine that there are more people out there and healthy people. Reduce "cyberspace" bullying and reduce power consumption. My number one reason why people should spend less time on the computer and more time outdoors is because @PERCENT1 Anyone who uses a computer for more than two hours a day is either at risk of being overweight or overweight. Also, @PERSON1 from @ORGANIZATION1 said: "@CAPS2 People believe using computers will benefit you, but they don't. They increase your chances of being overweight or developing diseases like diabetes. The community must take action to stop this Happened." Also, my neighbor @PERSON2 had to conduct a study interviewing overweight adults and teens. @CAPS3 told me that @PERCENT2 of the @NUM1 people @CAPS3 interviewed said they were away from their computer for about @NUM2 hours a day! I implore the citizens of the @LOCATION1 area to cut back on the internet and get outside and enjoy nature. My second reason is that fewer people on the computer means less bullying in cyberspace. @NUM3 out of @NUM4 people who use social networking sites experienced more than @NUM2 cyberbullying, my sister friend @PERSON3 also overdosed on advil, so @CAPS3 committed suicide due to cyberbullying. Some say @CAPS3 is ugly and smelly and should "die in a hole". @CAPS3 didn't tell anyone about this. Luckily, her mother was quick enough to bring her to @CITY1 @ORGANIZATION1 to be on life support within @NUM6 hours. Furthermore, if people reduce their access to social networking sites on the Internet, there will be fewer people who face cyberbullying affecting their lives. It is imperative that people only use their computers @NUM7 or @NUM8 hours a day. My last reason is that the less time you spend on your computer, the less money you waste on your electricity bills and the less time you spend on family vacations. Dr. @DR1 from @LOCATION2's Peabody Museum is imploring people to use less electricity and electricity on the internet so the environment can slowly return to what it was before technology and electricity were invented. Also, the @PERCENT3 power supplies used in homes today are for computers. My grandmother was also horrified by what today's technology is doing to the environment and the people behind this madness or electricity. @CAPS3 argues that less time on the computer means more time on family vacations and with friends. Finally, people must stop using computers to help them maintain their self-esteem and the health of their environment. One case took steps to stop using computer @NUM9. Thanks for reading my paper.
Dear newspaper, In my opinion, computers definitely have a negative impact on people. People who use computers generally spend less time exercising. I mean, who would give up their chat rooms and games to stay in shape? I remember when I was a little girl - about @NUM1 years old, I always wanted to be on the computer. I quickly gained weight and gained about @NUM2 lbs! I quickly realized that a computer is a tool to be used only when necessary. Because it shortens the activity time. A survey by @ORGANIZATION2 (@CAPS1) revealed that @PERCENT1 in @CAPS4 between the ages of @NUM3 is overweight due to computer use. Famous singer @PERSON2 said. "I've been losing weight because of the computer! I'll gain weight and run away and ignore the computer for a week." I know you might think that if you use your computer in moderation it won't make you fat, but research proves that more than @ NUM4 minutes can make you fat. Clearly, computers are to blame for our society's weight problems. Have you really seen the beauty of nature? People who use computers don't! I mean, people are busy finding stuff on the web that no one can really appreciate. outside world. I remember watching the movie @CAPS2 last week and thinking, "@CAPS3, nature is amazing, why didn't I notice it before?" I already knew the answer. Computers, @NUM6 of @NUM7 @CAPS4 never notice blooming flowers or the smell of fresh rain, according to a survey by @NUM5 grade @ORGANIZATION1, @PERSON1. Famous Doctor @PERSON4, "@CAPS4 can't see the true beauty of nature and often doesn't grow properly. People are supposed to be naked to nature, but technology has weakened that connection over the years." I know @MONTH1, @CAPS4 Even if There is also enough nature to see with a computer, but more than often. @CAPS4 does not focus on nature. They are busy with computers. Obviously, because of computers, nature is ignored by society. Every time a child or even an adult uses a computer, the family becomes increasingly estranged. I mean, every time you press the switch, you and the computer are connected. You can't focus on the people around you. I remember when my sister @PERSON5 was in @NUM5 grade, she never took her eyes off the computer. She would keep playing singles and instant messages to her friends, and then she cut off all contact with her family. A test conducted by @ORGANIZATION3 showed that with the help of computers, teens are NUM9 times more resistant than usual. Famous talk show host @PERSON3 said, "@CAPS4 shouldn't be using computers, they'll be separated from friends and family." I know you're thinking @CAPS4 don't break away, but they will. Apparently @CAPS4 is separated from their friends and family because of the computer. In conclusion, anyone with a vision can see that computers have a negative impact on people as they consume exercise time, make @CAPS4 forget about nature, and separate from family and friends. So, I advise you not to use the computer!
Computers are very advanced machines. With this high @CAPS7 object, it is possible to understand what is going on in many different places and around the world. Second, typing is a universal way of writing and is much faster than handwriting. Finally, @CAPS5 is a convenient and fun way to relieve stress by interacting with other users around the world. These are thousands of news sbrics, every day of the year, that end up unreported due to limited time on news channels. For quick and easy access to news from around the world, you can go to the website and lock hundreds of stories with the click of a button. Beyond that, you'll get more in-depth news, as these have no restrictions on space or space on the site. These will even be areas on the website where donations can be made to those in need. Patrick @PERSON3, founder of @CAPS1 @CAPS2, said, "@CAPS4 brings billions of dollars in aid to those in distress, and the main source of all that funding comes from internet sites." @CAPS3 internet, hundreds Thousands of people don't even know these desperately needed people. Typing is a fast and fairly easy way to write that saves people valuable time. Teachers often assign writing assignments, which take about twice as long to write by hand rather than type. Using typing saves you time and allows you to move on to other important tasks that need to be done. In addition, typing is a required course for many freshmen, and previous experience can be of great help to both teachers and students. "@CAPS4 has a lot of students," said input intruder @PERSON2, and those who did well not only got an "A" but also cut their assignment time in half. Stress is a common problem for all ages and the computer is the best way to release @CAPS5. Playing interactive games with people from all over the world will broaden your perspective on other cultures. You can use your typing skills to talk to others and share your opinion with them. "@CAPS5 @MONTH1 seems shocking," @PERSON1 said in @CAPS6 @CAPS7, but people who use computers for an hour a day are more culturally advanced than others. "Also, you can use video chat to talk to people in foreign areas. Friends, family members and exchange students can talk to you and see you via video chat. This greatly reduces the time spent by parents abroad for children. Many people
Computers are good because people can find what they need, and they have fun asking for things to find places where they can buy things at great prices.
Dear reader, I believe there are pros and cons to spending time on the computer. For good things, people can do research with people like friends and family, and computers can also help you understand anything you need to know. I also think there are some downsides. People spend so much time being distracted that you don't even know your family is ignoring it, which can permanently damage your eyes if you're just staring at a computer screen. I'll start with the good stuff about how computers affect people. Computers are great if you have to do research. If you need any information, you can search for it. Just like you have to do research on a project or topic, a computer is the fastest way to get the information you need. Another benefit is your ability to talk to people like friends and family. For me, this is very important, and I am sure it is for you as well. Here's some good stuff in my opinion. Now, I'm going to talk about the bad things. I'm a firm believer that people spend too much time on the computer and don't know how much time has passed! You're just staring at the screen, it's not good for your eyes. It can permanently damage them. The last thing I want to mention is that when you use your computer, they tend to ignore their friends and family, which can be a big problem. These are just a few examples of how computers can affect people.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, I believe people should be able to continue using computers and still be able to. There's a good reason, like communicating with distant relatives. Another reason is that if you need @ORGANIZATION1 workout or healthy eating advice, you can print it. My last reason is that if you're traveling a long way and you don't know the road, you can print out the directions (@ORGANIZATION2). Let's say you have a relative who has been living at @CAPS1, but you can't call them because you have been living at @LOCATION1 If you call them, it will cost you about @MONEY1 per minute. What you can do is contact them through your computer (webcam). It's much better than just calling them because you can actually see them. Or, if you're away from home on business, you can check on your family. My second reason is so you can stay healthy while using your computer. You can look up the @ORGANIZATION1 "Yoga" pose. Or, you can watch a computer while taking a fitness class. If you're on a diet, you can check out @ORGANIZATION1 healthy recipes. You also get @ORGANIZATION1 workout equipment that will keep you (or keep you) looking and slim. My last reason is that if you're going on a long trip away from home, you need the way you are now. But what if you don't know? You can check the route online. It's much better because at least you won't be wasting money on @MONEY2 @ORGANIZATION3. And it's getting faster. The best part is that you don't have to keep looking at @ORGANIZATION3 and program content. Using a map on your computer, you can print it out and actually save it. These are my reasons why people should actually use computers. Computers can do a lot of really good things. You can communicate with relatives, stay healthy/healthy while using computer and getting maps. I hope this is an eye-opener for a lot of people. Maybe change the minds of a pair of scientists.
Whether there should be computers in society. Yes, there should be good things about computers, good helpers. I can give you @NUM1 good reasons. Pay bills, Facebook and research. That's what makes computers so useful. I think the number one reason computers are good is that people need to pay their bills, paying bills online is easier than doing all the paperwork, and it makes people faster, computers are really good for them, that's why we need computers. The second reason I need a computer is that people have Facebook. It's a great way to talk to friends, make new ones, it's fun to have facebook and interact with people, and why computers are good in society. The third reason we should have computers in society is because of research and the need to get information out of it, and computers are really good for that, great for research like computers have all of these specific topics. In conclusion, it's really nice to have a computer, because you can pay bills, facebook, and research, so people need computers, so I tell you all the good stuff about computers, can you tell me yours! !
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 brought to my attention that computers have both positive and negative effects on people. In the past, they had a greater negative impact on people. In a survey conducted in @CAPS2 magazine, @CAPS1 should think that the people of @PERCENT1 have a negative impact on computers. In my opinion, I think commuters have a negative impact on people. First, people don't interact with family and friends. @CAPS1 is very important for interacting with people. You don't really interact with it when you're on the computer. You just sit there staring at the screen. In a survey conducted by @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @CAPS1, @PERCENT2 people should be on their computer and not interacting with people around them. Parents are less concerned about their children because they are always on the computer. Parents love to see their kids move. Interacting with their family and friends is healthy for them. Computers take away time spent hanging out with family and friends. Second, people cannot enjoy nature. People who use computers may go out for computer-related reasons. Stay in a room and buy books for @CAPS5, people need fresh air for a while. Yes, but understanding nature is more about nature. If you don't enjoy nature, you don't know what's going on. Nature is all around us, why would you miss it. In a survey conducted by local magazine @CAPS1, if people at @PERCENT2 use computers and do. While people enjoy the computer, nature. Finally, people spend too much time on the computer and less time exercising. Exercise is important for both mind and body. Our bodies need to stay healthy and fit. Lack of exercise is increasing rapidly. The more people use computers, the more people exercise. America's already overweight people on computers are most eager to become overweight. People would rather play computer games and exercise to be healthy. Local doctor @DR1 has seen more and more people overweight and not exercising as much as they used to. He said computers don't provide exercise. He advises people to use less computers and more computers. In short, I think the negative impact on the computer. My three reasons are people not interacting with friends and family, not enjoying nature and exercising less. I you have a negative impact on people. Important decisions @CAPS1 are up to you.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, First of all, I would like to express my opinion on overuse of computers. Although I use the computer a lot, I still play with my friends and play sports. But being on the computer for long periods of time may make you not want to exercise, or make you more likely to get sick. Spending too much time on the computer can cause children to be shy in life outside. Exercise is very healthy for children and adults. There are a lot of people doing anything you can think of for hours on a computer. Staring at a computer screen for long periods of time won't keep you fit or in shape. People should have at least @NUM1 minutes a day and then do some exercise. That way you can have time to be online and still do what's good for you, I shouldn't feel bad for people who waste all their time on the computer, but I do. Seeing them being rough and gaining weight from lack of exercise, we want to help @CAPS4, people should put themselves in that situation. I've noticed that people who go online more often get sick. Sitting there like lazy bum, they get no fresh air. Not getting enough fresh air can cause colds or some people with problems to get very sick. They need to think twice. I'd rather have fun and get some fresh air than sit on a computer and get sick. It may be different if you come home sick from work/school and continue to use your computer. But getting sick from a computer is disgusting. Even with that said, people on computers tend to be shy people. If someone gets into an argument on the Internet, it can make them so miserable that they can't even speak. It is very pleasant and touching to interact with people. But being shy and lonely from fighting on the computer or from playing too much is a shameful thing, and you shouldn't be that way because of one thing. Get out of the world and don't let things like this affect you. For this, people better take care of themselves and not stay on the internet for too long. Remind yourself to have at least @NUM1 minutes to do what you want, but also get some exercise. Don't forget to stay healthy and go for an occasional jog. You shouldn't focus your life on your computer. Thank you and have a nice day.
People may be chatting on their computers, sending emails or building websites, or they're on youtube. Maybe the person doesn't like going out and enjoying nature or spending time with family and might check out new websites and play games or book vacations on the computer to see what's on sale. They might be looking at or buying a new truck, or looking at the history of all the wars and how they started.
I think computers work @CAPS4 because it helps people work there. But computers are really addicting because you can do almost anything but most of the time computers can be used to help like work, maps, friends to find other problems like school, it helps math, science, Social research and @CAPS4 more stuff. But people abuse it like @CAPS2 games, they don't even go out, don't talk to friends there, don't even watch friends, it's mostly no life. People don't want to go to school because they are tired and just want to use the computer all day long. So I think people are just addicted to the horrible reason they don't use it. If people were sick then, they might get hoadaks or they might want to throw up. They don't see things like going to @CAPS1, @CAPS2 football, soccer, @CAPS3, valley ball, or even taking their dog for a walk in @CAPS1. @CAPS4 people buy PCs for gaming, @CAPS4 or mature people buy PCs to work there and find places, so PCs help @CAPS4, but it makes @CAPS4 people addicted. Computers do break @CAPS4 because people can download games or something and then it will give it a virus. So you mostly spend about @NUM1$ or @NUM2$ to fix it. New computers appeared, like @NUM3$ and @NUM4$, which, unlike beans, ran faster. When people's computers fail, some people go crazy and want to do weak things. They do feel like they're friends and they just stay in the room because they never go out and if they do get out of the room they don't respect the parents there and they do whatever they want and they don't because their behavior. So sometimes computers do help, but they probably won't, but maybe a different change should be made.
Welcome to @DATE1. In this day and age, there are countless technological advancements every day. One of the most prominent advancements was the invention of the computer. For one invention alone, computers have many functions: @CAPS1 access for educational purposes, connecting with people, and letting people learn about new aspects of life. Computers have helped humans make discoveries about our world. For many, this technology positively impacts people around the world every day. A new trend in schools worldwide is the addition of computers or computer labs. The reason is that this technology takes learning to places that have never been before. Whether students have to write about the @PERSON1 presidency, or get background information on a science experiment on paper towels, computers can also help them find the information they need. Programs like @ORGANIZATION1 allow @CAPS1 to present their work in a new and efficient way. For kids who don't go to school or adults who want to go to college, computers let them learn what they need from an online school. It's also important to @CAPS1 that they can keep in touch with friends after school. Computers can help them solve this problem. How many times has it been said that communication is the key to a healthy relationship? Believe it or not, it's easy for computers to stay in touch with people far away. Some friends and family keep in touch entirely with computers. Because they don't live very close, they can't go there every day. If a person is careful and uses Internet security techniques, they can make new friends with common interests through the computer. This encounter with new friends is just one way that computers broaden their horizons. Computers are like keys; they open doors to new places and new ideas. Using this technology could allow older adults to discover many new things they never knew before. Computers can help people open unique mu types sic, they've never heard of it before. On the internet, there are many video tutorials that teach people different skills for free. In their spare time, they can use the computer to study the people of @LOCATION1 or the pyramid of @LOCATION2. Any way you use your computer has the potential to positively affect someone. In @DATE1, computers are essential to everyday life. You have to decide whether to support or oppose this remarkable technology. Shocking things can be learned just by jumping on the computer. Especially remember that computers aren't just used for entertainment: they're also used for education. So what are you waiting for? Discover the huge impact your computer can have on your life with just a click of a mouse.
Dear Editor, I know that some kids and adults enjoy playing with computers, but don't know of any bad effects. Anything can happen when you're young, and worse things can happen when you're on a computer. You can do bad things online, not exercise, or have time with your family. First of all, by bad things I mean, your child may visit inappropriate websites, talk to strangers, or be harassed. For example, when a child first gets a Facebook account, most of the time the people who ask them to be friends are unregistered child molesters and/or sex offenders. They may act friendly and make the child comfortable, and then they end up kidnapping them. You may also harass others or harass yourself. You can visit inappropriate websites. Secondly, you have played enough children for a generation, and I basically went out, and they were all children. Finally, your child will have no family time. Now with more technology like cell phones and laptops; kids are more willing to hang out with their friends than family. I can understand the whole phone thing, but you need to make more time for your family. I think the reason for using a computer all the time is bad because you can do bad things by talking to strangers, harassing and visiting inappropriate websites. You won't get enough exercise, and you may develop diabetes, high obesity, and childhood obesity. In the end, you won't have enough family time, mainly because of all the new technologies like cell phones and laptops.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, In my opinion, computers are very beneficial to society in many ways. They can keep memories we can't keep forever, like @CAPS3, @CAPS1 and typing letters. The computer can also give you diet tips and advice from locals. But most importantly, the family you miss can talk to you for hours without a phone bill. First, the computer can give you @CAPS2 hints about things you don't know, so it can also be a learning center. For example: You are very nervous because you have a big paper to do but no facts and you can go to millions of websites to find out. The next day you get your paper back with an A printed on it. @CAPS2 Another thing about computers is that you can talk all the way to your family in different cities, towns, states and even content! You @MONTH1 miss them so much but you can always see them or type them and let the sadness go away a little. Every @NUM1 in @NUM2 Americans says missing or missing family is like getting your heart out. Everyone knows what it's like to have a memory you'll never forget: but what about those little memories that @CAPS3, websites and written works seem to slip through your brain? The computer saves all of this, so "I know it likes to relax like a small part of your life", @PERSON1 exclaims who can This is why computers are in many ways. I hope you are @CAPS2's thoughts, skills and family.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1, have you ever seen someone with @CAPS1 emailing their colleagues or using a laptop in a coffee shop? Well, I can @CAPS4 I have it and know they need it, it's in their favor. People use computers every day for work. Plus, you can keep in touch with friends and family. Plus, this is the start of a new improved future! Whether you use your computer for the latest gossip or for work, computers are now an important part of people's lives. My mom works at the computer every day, and while @MONTH1 doesn't seem important to you, it does to my family who need money for food and bills. @LOCATION1 Half of the people use computers to make money like my family. Recently, @ORGANIZATION3, the computer company did a survey to see how many people use this company for work. A lot of @PERCENT1 works with computers. @PERCENT1 people benefit from using a computer. They rely on emails to contact their bosses or their placement at statewide meetings to save money so they can get the raise they deserve. You, @ORGANIZATION1 even use a computer to write articles for newspapers. Over half of @CAPS2 or @ORGANIZATION2 only benefit from working on a computer. Everyone says family is the most important thing, right? What can you do if they live far away? Of course, you can email @CAPS5, @LOCATION2M or @CAPS3. Some experts @CAPS4, "People spend too much time on the computer and less time exercising, enjoying nature and interacting with their families." @CAPS5 was originally created to stay connected with family members. So the pundits have no reason to @CAPS4 because people use computers to keep in touch with their families. Even people in the military use computers to communicate. Using a computer is not as bad as people think. Be careful! The future is coming! New technology greater than my knowledge is coming. Computers were the beginning, and people haven't stopped since. Of course, computers certainly have some drawbacks. But nothing or invention doesn't. No one can stop what is about to happen, you just have to learn to accept it and move on. Computers are the beginning of good things, so don't stop the things that could be better! Next time you're out, look for the guy in the suit on @CAPS1, or the smiling girl in the coffee shop, knowing they're getting the benefit. Whether it's work or keeping in touch with relatives. Maybe someone has the next big idea for the future. Try it on the computer, stop the negativity and a surprise will appear.
Dear local paper, I do @CAPS1 Computers affect people. But in many different ways. Also, depends on how long you are on the computer. In my opinion, the @CAPS1 computer is fine for a number of reasons. I'll tell you some of the reasons why I @CAPS1. Hopefully after you read this article you will @CAPS1 know more about it. One of the reasons computers are good is communication. @CAPS2 are many different sites to continue talking to friends and family. If you have distant family members, this can be a great way to talk to them. It is also a way to meet friends through the latest technology of video chat. Video chat is a way to see and hear your friends through a small camera. It's a great way to keep in touch with people you know. Another reason is that you can get a lot of information from your computer @CAPS2 There are many websites that can give you answers to all your questions. Sites like @ORGANIZATION1 and @ORGANIZATION2 recommend other sites for research. You can learn a lot from a computer. The information provided on the computer can really teach you something. Finally, a computer can help you do many things. Examples include online courses, matchmaking, jobs, and more. Just type in your computer and you'll find what to do. The economy is bad, but you can get a job. Then, once they find someone you're interested in, they'll let you know. This is a very good and useful method for you, and it is very simple. Computers are an amazing new technology. They keep coming up with more and more things. So why not use it? It can teach you something and help you. Also, keep in touch with family and friends. Don't use it as an advantage, but take advantage of it. Just click a button. I hope I made you all realize what @CAPS2 really is for. Maybe, even changed your mind, or gave you a different perspective on computers.
Dear @CAPS1, Technology has been advancing rapidly over the years and now makes everyday life easier. It helps in many ways, such as keeping in touch with relatives, learning new information, and keeping you safe and updated. Computers are essential to everyday life and we need them. An important purpose of computers is to keep in touch. With new programs like "@CAPS2", "@CAPS3" and "@CAPS4", it gives you all kinds of new opportunities to keep in touch with your friends and have fun like never before. Email is also a great way to keep in touch with family members who object to @MONTH1 sending the web's kindness in the mail. Another great reason we need computers today is to be able to research foreign places and learn facts you wouldn't even have heard of without a computer. With a computer, go online, look up @ORGANIZATION1, research it and plan a flight to get there in a week. It's also a great tool for learning new things he didn't know before. This is a big step forward in the educational process. Computers also provide us with great safety and security and breaking news. Imagine how simple it would be to be able to see the best route from your computer at home instead of the best route at home, and sit tight because of it. With modern technology, anything is possible. They add great security and protection to ordinary people like you and me. In conclusion, hopefully your thoughts on computer themes have changed, or if you've supported it, that's fine too. Now, you're being asked to advertise how great computers are and how important they are to ensuring a better future. I understand some people don't like electronics, but it's up to you! Computers hold great tools for moving forward, and we should cheer like them, not trash.
Dear local paper, I have heard that some people think that computers are not good for society. But I believe they will. Computers help us learn various types of information. This is a great source of entertainment. Last but not least, computers have not revolutionized the time we spend exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. Computers are a vital resource in our daily lives, so why not use what we get. Google, Yahoo, @CAPS1 and @LOCATION1. What would we do without them. They help us figure out little things like quick and easy ways to get rid of a stomachache, or tell a funny joke at the office the next day while you're drinking coffee in the staff room. They also help us when we wonder what to do when your newborn coughs and sneezes, you know the hard stuff. These are the kinds or things you need to know, and not everyone goes to the library every time they have a problem. The information on a computer is endless, why not use it to learn a new language for your next vacation to @LOCATION2 to find help for geometry assignments you can't understand, computers can do it all. Entertainment on a computer has been around since Skate Dogs. Youtube, you can't stop laughing at @CAPS2 @CAPS3 on addictinggames.com. There will never be a dull moment. There are millions of videos and movies on youtube. With @CAPS4's games on @ORGANIZATION1, from Pac-Man to Scrabble, we can't be without work. I'm always on @ORGANIZATION2 talking to family members who live too far to visit. Computers are one of the best sources of entertainment, and they undoubtedly benefit society. Computers will never change the way we exercise, enjoy nature, or interact with family and friends. On the computer, there are videos showing us new yoga moves and other ways to lose the weight you're putting on these days. There are websites out there to find where to go camping and enjoy the family vacation you've always wanted. We always make time to visit our family and friends. Computers don't keep us happy. There is no doubt that computers benefit everyone's society. They provide information. Will definitely entertain us all. Then don't turn us into mindless zombies so we can't interact with other people. Computers are one of the most useful things we own, and no one should read this article thinking they don't.
Dr @DR1, the impact of computers on people and why people don't agree it's good for society, some people think it's possible to talk to friends and family online. Whey people don't agree to use computers. First of all, we can use the computer to do everything, like go to other places you want to go. And then @CAPS1, you want to work or go to another school, some need to be done by computer. Why not try using a computer. I know a computer is a lot of money, but sometimes @NUM1 is happy to have it. @CAPS1 People spend too much time on the computer and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. For example, some family and friends are not in the same place, they can't see each other and can write to each other online @CAPS1 They don't have cell phones or home phones. And then @CAPS1 people want to enjoy other natures they didn't know they could use a computer and look for places. Three reasons are that people can exercise through a computer. Don't @CAPS1 spend a lot of time on the computer because people probably do a lot of things on the computer. Like students, we do a lot of projects on the computer and we search for any can or stuff. So people think computing is fun for them. Finally, others who disagree should give it a try. The impact of computers on people and why people disagree and spend time online.
Computer, computer, computer. Who doesn't own them? They teach hand-eye coordination and make people understand distant places, people. Can you really believe what some people say? I think that's pure bull! @. Today's computers help us use everyday tools like our car, cell phone, and your everyday TV! Computers also make work easier as you interact with people! On the one hand, I think computers are good for society today, and those who don't think so should take a step forward. Cell phone, car, phone all want! It's all made by humans, but with a bit of technology. Did you know that @PERCENT1 has a computer in his car? Push the button, all doors unlock, with switches, windows down, and yes, through the computer. Now, how do you say computers make life easier? Well, read on to find out! Toothpaste, baseball bats, pencils, we all make you, you know! machines, but programmed with computer chips. Oh I remember when my history teacher told me it would take @NUM1 hours for a human to make a baseball bat from scratch. It now takes @NUM2 minutes with the help of commuters. If that's not enough to tell you that computers benefit us, what is? ! Experts say people who use computers a lot don't go out and interact with their family as often, but I'm lying! Cell phones are an everyday tool, the long-distance charges we use to talk to each other? Then chat online on your own personal lab! I hope now you believe that computers do benefit us. With the everyday objects we use, how they make work easier and how it allows us to interact. We use them every day and want them to last the longest.
Computers are great for people because they teach hand-eye coordination of events in history and other cultures, and they are a great way to relax and have fun. Computers teach the hand-eye coordinator by training your hands to go where your brain tells it to and where your eyes show it. Hand-eye coordination is very important. It helps people push it to reduce reaction time, it helps people write neater. If it helps the driver turn the wheel faster or break his break, I think hand-eye coordination can help the driver avoid an accident. Think of a climber trying to grab one on a mountain. He'll be able to see it, grab it, and get up quicker than ever. Most people don't know how many soldiers are on @CAPS1 @CAPS2 or how many countries are in the world. The internet is a great place to learn other things about the historical world that you don't want to know a lot of Americans don't know @LOCATION2 history only world history. From the end of @CAPS3 @CAPS4 to when @LOCATION1 collapses in @DATE1, you can search for anything you want. You can also learn fun and useful stuff like food recipes and what's in paint. Alternatively, you can meet your needs at yahoo.com. Computers are fun. You can talk to friends, listen to music, play games, or do all three at the same time. Is this just scratching you miss your favorite show @TIME1? There are hundreds of sites that allow you to watch for free. Would you like to hear a new album from your favorite band? You can listen legally for free on youtube.com playlist.com and many more sites. Between learning about other cultures and having fun, computers can be great for interacting with friends and family, improving hand-eye coordination, or learning new things.
Dear @CAPS1, Computers have many positive effects on society these days. I believe this is because computers provide us with communication skills. They provide you with information and improve your skills in technology. Read on to see how I explain my reasoning further. First, computers provide you with communication skills. I know I always find computers useful. It allows you to access websites that help you chat with new and dd friends. It's a quick and easy way to communicate with someone. Whether you're at home or using your laptop on the go, you can talk to people all over the world. Second, computers give you the information to write papers, newspaper articles, etc. When a teacher asks the class for an essay on a particular topic, students simply go home or enter that topic into their search. At that point, they automatically have access to thousands of different sources of information. I know @PERCENT1 in @LOCATION1's population prefers computer resources to book resources because computers are much easier to find specific information. Finally, when it comes to technology, computers can improve your skills. While some of @MONTH1's computers are fairly easy to use, the company has been working hard to make them more difficult. They also always release new software for your computer. By making computers and software more high-tech, the current generation is more technologically advanced than many other countries. As a whole, computers have a huge impact on our nation's technological skills. I believe that computers have a positive impact on society. I think it's because computers give us communication skills, they give you information, and they improve your skills technically. I wish I had done it so that we could look at this from the same perspective.
Dear newspaper @CAPS1, I heard these two stories on @CAPS2.V. And your dissertation, more and more people have nothing but computers. I don't mean it's a bad thing, I mean the computer has internet and it allows you to access anything like websites and chat online. I just think people should go outside more often and do some outdoor activities like soccer, basketball, baseball, or if you're an adult, you can get a job that doesn't require a computer, like building houses for the homeless , animal shelters, or work as a cleaner, pool lifeguard, or any other job in a hotel that doesn't involve computers' @CAPS2. You can work in restaurants that serve regular food or fast food. Something that doesn't involve a computer. But if you can' @CAPS2 get out of the house, you can do something a little bit different than a computer video game. They may be computer-like, but they are things you can do on @CAPS2.v. It's better than playing on the computer all the time.
Computers are increasingly entering our lives. These machines help make our world easier to do. Work, pay bills, and even entertain yourself. @CAPS3, these things are weighed down by negative impacts like cyber dangers, the growing realities, and the obesity problem we face. With our new advancements, people are spending more time sitting outside than outside, which is increasingly contributing to the obesity problem we face. Today's kids and teens would rather use their @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 accounts than go for a run or shoot some hops. In addition, the increasing number of unhealthy food advertisements on the Internet makes these children more likely to eat more junk food. Finally, the Internet fools people into believing that they can go on a simple diet. Lose weight with no worries. As the number of computers and users increases, so do the dangers and threats. Viruses can invade your computer, steal your personal information and destroy your computer. You can have huge bills for things you haven't even bought! Cyber bullies are also a new dangerous threat! These people threaten and teach ignorant people. I remember the story of a girl who committed suicide because she was bullied by someone who turned out to be another girl and her mother. Finally, online predators pose a huge threat to teens. These people are brainwashed, persuaded to meet, raped and killed. Last but not least, the interaction of computers with young people today increases the ignorance of advertising, as well as the neglect of education and reading. Many kids and even myself would rather go online than read or do homework. @CAPS3, computers can take over the liking of some people who ignore school and other important things like homework or study, seeing weaker minds as the future. Also, advertisements and websites with false information may frustrate our youth even more with ignorance and ignorant beliefs. Finally, children's computer interactions can lead to remarks such as "you voted @PERSON1 out loud because he's black" or other racist and ignorant remarks. Computers help us make progress in improving the world and our understanding of it, @CAPS3, some aspects may bring ignorance and danger to young and old and their minds.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, I am writing to you about how computers affect people. I worry about the use of computers in our society because those who spend too much time on the computer spend less time outdoors, exercising, and with family and friends. Let me tell you a little about it... As mentioned in the paragraph above, one of the reasons I worry about using a computer is spending less time outdoors. “Everyone, young and old, should be outdoors for at least @NUM1 minutes of fresh air every day,” @PERSON2. Computer use may limit this time, which may be the health of '@CAPS1 staying home all day. @CAPS1 The second reason to worry about overusing your computer is related to the first. Excessive computer time can limit the amount of exercise you can do each day. "People should exercise an hour a day to stay fit," says health expert @PERSON1, "but @PERCENT1 people don't @CAPS1 because of the computer." This happens often, especially if you're playing with multiple levels of fun game. You were going to play @NUM2 minutes, but @NUM2 minutes became @NUM4 minutes, and @MONTH1 even became an hour! I still know @MONTH1 it's hard to understand why I'm worried about using a computer, @CAPS2 I have another reason. In this letter, the last reason I don't @CAPS1 like using a computer is that it limits time spent with family and friends. How you can see your family and friends on your computer using your webcam. But it's not the same as having a good time. "Friends come and go, you and your family will always' @CAPS1," says therapist @PERSON3, "@CAPS2 lets you have the best." If your eyes are on a computer screen, @CAPS1 will be a lot. As you can see, I worry about people spending time on computers for a reason. Exercise Less and less time to enjoy nature and interact with family and friends. I hope you take this into consideration.
I believe that computers are good for society. They make life easier. Computers now allow communication between friends. They also teach you new things. Computers make our lives easier. They allow us to find things in an easier way than people or books. It makes typing reports much easier. Now you don't have to worry about making a mistake on the typewriter and having to type again. The computer will save the report and show you some errors to deal with your child. It can get you from your home. Computers allow new ways of communicating. You can chat with friends online. Social networks like @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 allow this. Computers allow you to talk to friends you wouldn't normally meet or talk to. They also make it easier and more fun to make new friends. Computers teach us new things. They teach you places you've never seen before. You can ask any question on the internet and you will get an answer. It gives you the answer and you don't know who to ask. Computers also teach hand-eye coordination. You can play games online or with @CAPS3. In order to play these games, you need to have good hand-eye coordination. Computers have a positive impact on people of all ages. They use their technology to make our lives easier. They allow us to communicate with friends through social networks. Computers also teach us new things, such as hand-eye coordination. All of these and more are the reasons why I believe computers are good for our society.
@ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 Technical students support that computer use has a positive impact on people, and I agree with them. I believe that using a computer is a necessity for social interaction, homework, research, and a great source of entertainment on rainy days. After a long day at school @CAPS1 teens walk from the bus to the front door to their computer chair. In fact, the teens of @PERCENT1 have to. Most likely they are logging into facebook, myspace, formspring, @ORGANIZATION2, @CAPS2 and other social interaction sites. With good time management, I actually find these sites to be important. I think facebook and email and @CAPS3 @CAPS4 (@CAPS5) are great ways to interact socially. It's also a great way to keep in touch with faraway family or friends. I went to camp @DATE1, made some friends and I called my family. Some of them are across the ocean at @LOCATION2. Given that I can't make long distance calls that would cost too much money, Facebook is a great way to stay connected. My family's @CAPS1 also lives far away. For example, my aunt, uncle and cousin at @LOCATION1. My aunt just had a baby, which means I have a new cousin I can't see in person yet, so it's really great to see photos on facebook instead of paying for envelopes, stamps and photo prints @CAPS1 Homework assigned by school requires a computer. Three-fifths of homework is on the computer. Whether it's a 20-question test to define a word, a computer is a homework necessity. There are now many projects assigned in schools, which means we need computers and internet. We work with powerpoint and other Microsoft documents, whether typing or creating powerpoint slides. We need the internet to do research, to get the information we need, and to be successful. There are more wonders to computers than just interacting with other people and doing research and typing. Many people think that people spend too much time on the computer. While this @MONTH1 is true for some, it is not for @CAPS1. Many people are concerned that their children will become lazy, but in a recent poll, one @NUM1 of @NUM2 mothers said they would prefer to see their children play and interact on the computer and then become a couch Little potatoes and watch @CAPS6. On rainy days, a computer might be a good choice. You can slip into @CAPS7 and watch a movie or play a game, or even research something new and learn about it. For some reason, @NUM3 in @NUM2 @CAPS8 has at least two computers in the house. They are important to the everyday lives of @CAPS1 people. A computer is a great way to keep in touch with family and friends. You also need to use your computer almost all the time for school, which is a great option on a rainy day, and then lazily watch @CAPS6 while your eyes are asleep. I do believe that computers have a positive impact on people.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 I think it's good or bad. The good thing is that it teaches people where @CAPS1 is and how other people live there, how they get food or how they raise their kids there. It can also help people like the police. Because there's a guy there looking for them to have a computer to watch. It also helps police because they can see her in speeding or she has done it before. It can help a teacher with a class or class, or they'll put you online to help you type. Yes, it has a positive effect on some people. So people think they're better at computers, or they're the best at working online. Take high school essays, for example. Yes, you can chat with other people online and get @CAPS1 friends. Computers, on the other hand, can be terrible because you meet people online you don't know who that person is or where they're from. They may have long crimes. They may want to get you into trouble because of his or her family problems. Some people spend a lot of time on the computer because they meet someone they like and don't worry about what their family wants to do. So people used to exercise every day, but now they can talk to their friends all night and they stop and forget about it all day and never start. Some people just stay in front of the computer and play baseball or football or go to a house party.
Do you like to play computer? Well, after you read this, I don't like what you want. I know the population of @ORGANIZATION1 uses computers. If you use @NUM1 hours on your computer. You can damage your eyes, you have to be glass, you don't want that, it's dangerous to stay away from them sometimes. The internet can do many things, like talk to your friends and family. and play games. Computers are used for different things, and one thing you can learn is the president and the other thing is your family history. Now you know what a computer can do to you. Computer or @NUM2 or @NUM3 minutes only. This is what I would do.
@ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 Technology continues to get more powerful, so does the percentage of Americans who use computers. @PERCENT1 of these Americans are children from @NUM1 to @NUM2 years old. Most teens use computers to interact with friends on social networking sites or spend a chunk of their time at home playing online games. But what about other teens? Those who are constantly facing cyberbullying or put themselves at risk by talking to people they don't even know? To prevent these problems, I say we limit our use of technology. Social networking sites like @CAPS1, @CAPS2, @CAPS3 and facebook have been growing at an incredible rate. More teens would rather play on the computer than outside with tabs or swings. I have a @CAPS2, facebook and @CAPS3 myself and it prevents me from exercising because it's almost like I'd rather chat with my friends than go jogging. It bothers me, it does, but there is one question I always take a risk; how do I stop? I've been running, learning more, and spending time with my family. There are ways and reasons to stop being so reliant on technology, we just don't know how to get information to spread. In addition to the impact of computers on social networking sites and exercise, online gaming is also a big problem. Many kids I see at school, not most boys, are very into online games. But the only people who really benefit from life are the website owners. These games are not educational and it is not a good idea to spend hours on them. So generally it's a waste. This time should be for more important things like studying or doing homework. Just imagine, you could even hang out with friends instead of sharing on the monitor. While computer games are a big reason kids use computers, bullying is a huge factor, along with the dangers of chatting with strangers. If, you are someone who is constantly bullied at school, you think it would be great to be able to go home and spend time on the computer; until the bullying comes along. Cyberbullying can lead to kids working on their own, fighting at school, or worse, having someone taken away because they don't think it's worth living. Limited computer use or parental controls really help prevent this from happening. Computer use has its ups and downs, but my opinion is that safety, health and education are one of the main problems we face due to modern technology. I would like to hear that my letter to your newspaper has been read. Please email me your thoughts on this issue within the next three days.
I think computers have had a terribly positive impact on people all over the world. You can do a lot of things on the computer, like work on acid physiques, talk on enernet, and even find out facts about celebrities you love, people's computers. I think computers can be good for society because computers help you with acid work and you can talk to your friends online. A way I can use my computer by typing my school work. But when I'm not doing my studies, I chat with my friends online. But the best thing is to find out information about celebrities like @PERSON1. I remember when I did a project on the computer and got a @NUM1 because I used the computer. That should prove that computers are very helpful. Have you ever wondered how computers can help you in your daily life. If you say no, I can tell you what to do. You can learn about different places and foods. Lets say I'm going to make pizza, but I don't know how to see how on my computer. Without computers, the world is nothing, says a professor at the Virgin Institute of Technology in New York. The @PERCENT1 folks at the New York Tech School agree, but @PERCENT2 can't imagine a world without computers. If the world didn't have computers, we wouldn't have cell phones, and even without TV teenagers would be bored because most teenagers don't like to go out, how would adults work there if we didn't have computers, otherwise they would have to write by hand. Honestly, some adults and kids handwriting is like chicken scratching so to speak. I think computers are very helpful to everyone around the world. In the end, I think the empty world should keep the computer, because without it the world is lost, past paper.
Dear ones, @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS1 opinion is getting out of hand. They are people who are addicted to @CAPS2, such as games, websites, newsletters and email sites, etc. So they are simply computer addicted people like @CAPS3. I know some people who are addicted to @CAPS3 because they are addicted to talking to people and watching other people. So they don't fit in with school work properly (so they get poor grades), or they lose touch with family and friends (so they become lonely and depressed). Then their only friend is the computer. Also other effects on the computer is that if you're addicted to a website (usually), you can get out of shape because you don't spend enough time exercising, enough people in @LOCATION1 are already obese and it's already an add-on to the problem. I see fatter than @LOCATION1 online. So computing is an addiction waiting to happen. So people need to start spending time being friends, start exercising, and stay away from computers.
Computers are everywhere and used for thousands of different things. Many people in @LOCATION1 spend hours a day staring at our computer screens. Being very dependent on your computer isn't always good for you. @DATE1 Too many people spend countless hours on their computers instead of doing other activities. Therefore, the computer is not the best way to kill time, because your physical activity will decrease, your school grades will decrease, and your communication skills will decrease. First, when you spend days at the keyboard, you'll have less time to run or play with your friends. In @LOCATION1 @DATE1, more and more people are becoming obese, creating unhealthy genes to inherit. The reason may be that too many people can sit on their laptops to shop, watch movies, or even get a college education. Fewer people are going for a walk because they'd rather be on @CAPS1 or @ORGANIZATION1. People have more free time to be outdoors or to exercise if they don't use the computer regularly. Second, many children and teens are attached to their laptops and carry them with them. So instead of studying for exams, they can study on @CAPS1 or @ORGANIZATION1. Must choose to continue @CAPS1 or @ORGANIZATION1 instead of opening their book. Plus, spending so much time on the computer. There was less time for homework, so they started doing nothing. Computers take time away from their college education, so why waste them? Finally, why talk on the phone or face-to-face when you can email them or chat with them online? A lot of @DATE1 people are staying on their laptops talking to people, not face to face. This can lead to a lack of communication skills, which sounds fine online but sounds absolutely horrible in the "real" world. This loss of skill could lead to a generation of more internet talk than @CAPS3. All in all, why spend so much time on your computer when you can be outside or hanging out with friends? Personally, I'd rather do something than be stuck on a computer.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, some people are debating whether advances in technology such as computers are beneficial to our daily lives. I think computers are a great addition to life for several reasons. On the one hand, information and knowledge are at your fingertips. Know anything you want or need in seconds. Emails, @CAPS2, @CAPS1, etc. can be marked as wasteful or dangerous. Make new friends every day. Finally, limits can be set so you don't have to worry about spending too much time on your computer. One of the reasons computers are beneficial to our daily lives is what it can bring us. Knowledge is in seconds. Anything you might be interested in learning is on the web. Homework, school projects, and even work require information you can't find anywhere else. Libraries are a great place to find what you're looking for, but if you're in a hurry and need to find what you're looking for quickly, there are online encyclopedias, world books, and more. Technology is becoming such an important part of our lives today that many opinions about it are up in the air. If there's one thing everyone can agree on, it's that it's fast and makes everyday tasks easier. Ordering clothes, books, movies, travel tickets and more can all be done online. That's not all a computer can offer. Friends/family are an essential part of life, but they don't always live around the corner. They @MONTH1 live on the other side of the state, country and even the world! @CAPS2, @CAPS1, email, and more let you connect with anyone, anywhere, anywhere. Emails have been around longer than other sites like @CAPS2 and myspce that allow you to check them on a daily basis. @CAPS1 or ichat lets you chat instantly with anyone you want. These sites are not a substitute for face-to-face communication, but they can help keep in touch at the same time. Some people worry about spending too much time face-to-face with a screen, and there's even something to prevent that from happening. Time spent on the computer is becoming an issue. Not getting enough exercise or spending time outdoors can be unhealthy. A time limit can solve this problem. A certain amount of time can be inserted. It will give you a warning when there are @NUM1 minutes left. This allows more time to be spent outdoors and less time indoors staring at a screen all day. Many different opinions have been shared about whether or not computers are part of our lives. I believe they are a beneficial part of our lives. They put information, connections with friends/family, and time constraints at your fingertips. In this era/era, computers are something we cannot live without.
Do you really think computers have a positive impact? Don't you think a lot of people spend a lot of time on their computers? You want me to write a letter to the local paper about my thoughts on the impact they have on people. I think they have a terrible effect on people. @CAPS2 People do things on the computer that can give them headaches, eye sales, but if they're outside, they're going to have a hard time. One of the reasons why computers are thought to have bad effects on people is addiction. They are many @MONTH1 addicted to life facebook, myspace, formspring. Another example, @CAPS2 My sister comes home first thing. All she does is on facebook, forming and youtube. I think the second reason for the terrible effects of computers is eye damage. @CAPS2 You're staring at a computer screen for so long you don't notice, but your eyes are hurting. @CAPS2 f I needed glasses in sixth grade because I was addicted to computers for so long and my eyes were damaged. @CAPS1 I think the first reason computers have a terrible effect on people is because it wastes time. @CAPS2 You're on your computer at home, so you should be out with friends, family, or even just taking a walk, it's a waste of time, because @CAPS2 you can be on your computer too. You may think they have positive effects, yes, but they can damage your body. That's why @CAPS1 I think computers have bad effects on people. Instead of joining a sports club on a computer. Now is the time to act, but with more clubs or events for people. The problem is that people spend too much time on the computer. These are the reasons why my @CAPS1 computer has a terrible effect on people.
Dear newspaper, I heard that you are writing an article about whether computers are good or bad for society. I find computers to be a great addition to society as they play an important role in work across the country, in addition to presenting accessible information to @CAPS1 @CAPS8? Imagine how computers helped shape @ORGANIZATION1, do you want to give up this blessing? Computers have been shown to play an important role in working archives around the world. For example, consider @ORGANIZATION1 a salesperson. Salespeople need their computers to store data, for example on @ORGANIZATION3. By the way, @CAPS2 @CAPS3 did a study to see how many jobs require computer use and it turns out that @PERCENT1 @ORGANIZATION1 in @LOCATION1 requires computer use. Dr. @DR1, computer programmer at to go Industries, mentioned in @CAPS2 @CAPS3 that "computers are in everyone's life whether they like it or not, especially at work". If you think about it, people with computers have less trouble computing or storing data than citizens without computers. Just imagine a computer like @ORGANIZATION1 being a brain helper for those who work hard. Students enjoy accessing information from around the world. I bet the folks at @PERCENT2 @ORGANIZATION1 would agree with me, don't you think? Students around the world like @MONTH1 need information on a topic to study in class. @CAPS8 of @ORGANIZATION2 in @CAPS6 mentions, "I prefer to use the internet for research in @ORGANIZATION2. It's much faster than flipping through books, and people on the planet give their opinions online instead of @ORGANIZATION1 a few Books by one author." @CAPS7 days @PERSON1 and the rest of @ORGANIZATION1 are in the library, and his class is assigned to study his subject in a book. He read five books, but @ORGANIZATION1 only got half of @ORGANIZATION1's homework notes per page. The next day, he was allowed to work on the @ORGANIZATION2 computer and was given three pages of @ORGANIZATION1's notes. "I'm excited to be on the internet", @PERSON1 reports to me. The @CAPS8 Foundation conducted a survey to find out if students prefer computers to books, and @PERCENT3 says yes. Would you like students of all ages @ORGANIZATION1 to participate in research on their favorite machines? Well, I really hope your answer will benefit the kids of @LOCATION1. From young students to adults, computers have become favorite machines @ORGANIZATION1 Modern technology. Computers are an important part of @ORGANIZATION1 society. @MONTH1 I remind you that computers benefit a lot of work in @LOCATION1, in addition to helping students by showing information about all knowledge. I sincerely hope you can share my feelings about this. How do you feel about computers today?
Dear @CAPS1 of The Paper, @CAPS2 has been raised to worry that computers are a threat to society. Very helpful on a computer. If one needs directions to where to go, or if one wants to know how to do something, @CAPS2 shows how to do it. They can also help you with things like faster reading and hand-eye correction. Computers are also a great form of entertainment. These are some of the reasons why computers are useful. First, computers can help figure out how to do things. If there is a long way to go, or there are many winding roads to get there, you can use a computer. There are many maps on the computer detailing how to get there. More than @PERCENT1 viewers reached their destination, experts say. due to lack of driving skills. Computers can also help guide how to make things. If a cake is to be made, the computer will have a recipe for @CAPS2. This can also help with crafting projects. For example, they showed something about the @CAPS3 myth for making @CAPS3 beats. Computers can help you learn languages. There is software that teaches people languages, just like books, except they have animation teachers to help speak the language a person gets instructed to go to. Reading all the unused language can help you read properly. Another reason computers are useful is that they help people read. Did you know that @NUM1 out of @NUM2 Americans have dyslexia. If they had a computer, this wouldn't have happened. Almost everything on a computer must be read, so @CAPS2 provides a lot of practice. @CAPS2 will also improve hand-eye coordination. When someone looks at something, they're looking at the screen instead of their hands. Also when typing articles on microcoft word, you look at the screen instead of typing with your fingers. There are many games on the computer that improve hand-eye coordination. The final reason computers affect people is that they are entertaining. There are many fun games for all ages on the internet. Some games they can watch videos on a youtube, there are a lot of interesting videos there. As you can see, computers are helpful in many ways. They give directions or help people read, and computers are fun.
Dear @CAPS1, the impact of computers on society is a mixture of positive and negative use. Tiredness and laziness are negative uses of the computer. when you are on the computer. When you use your computer for more than @NUM1 minutes, you start to get lazy and don't want to get up. This affects a lot of people @DATE1 because there are a lot of people who work on their computer and they have to use a computer. It's harder for kids because they don't want to do anything other than sitting on the computer than waiting for them to come back from school because they're so tired, it's better for kids if we limit their computer time, Grow ups, and your brain. When adults spend a lot of time on the computer due to work or checking email, a lot of times they don't interact with family or other people because they're on the computer, I can relate to this because @CAPS4 dad is due to his The office doesn't talk to us or even see, he's always on the computer. Sometimes I wish the world would never invent computers because I'm so frustrated with them, but a lot of times we do spend family time and it's good to be away from your computer other than making money. Email, chat, @CAPS3, Aim, @CAPS2 are all technical exchanges, and if someone can't text or don't have a phone call, you can always chat or email them on @CAPS3. Emails and @CAPS3 are the only @NUM2 emails my @CAPS4 dad sends to the @CAPS4 football coach telling me how I will not play or play and he always responds. It's easy. @CAPS3 is a great way for kids to talk to each other as some may not have cell phones or you may not see them at all during school. This is a great way to do it without @CAPS3 or email I don't know what to expect, but I know it's going to suck. So you see how the computer can become lazy, either positively or negatively, not spending enough time with friends or family and talking to friends are both positive and negative conflicts of the computer.
While most people would say the invention of the computer was a good thing, I disagree. There are a lot of bad things about the invention of computers, they can access the internet. Pictures and texts on the Internet are stolen, unidentified and games. Worst of all, on the Internet, there are always vague signs. While some content on social networking sites like @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 may show a person is 14 years old, @CAPS3 or @CAPS4 may be someone who has just been released from prison and is actually 40 years old. There's never been a way to know if it's safe to talk to other people on the Internet. Gaming on the internet is also terrible. Gaming is one of the causes of obesity in America. In addition, games on the Internet can cause children to stay away from their families. Another reason games are bad is that you can become addicted to them and staring at a computer screen for too long can cause eyestrain. There are also inappropriate pictures and text online. There are bomb-making sites and illegal music-downloading sites. Overell, computers are used for research but are unreliable and cause obesity and family problems.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, I believe that computers can negatively affect people. Computers are causing some problems and kids don't engage in any type of physical activity, which deprives them of the exercise they need on a daily basis. Also, children spend so much time on the computer that they don't have the opportunity to enjoy the outdoors. Another effect of computers on kids is that @CAPS6 prevents them from spending time with family and friends. I don't know how people can sit still at a computer all day. First, kids don't get enough exercise because they spend too much time on the computer. We know that almost everyone has a computer, even me, but @CAPS6 doesn't mean you have to use @CAPS6 @NUM1. I'm an athlete and I love using computers, but I don't use @CAPS6 every second. Doctors always recommend that everyone exercise for at least an hour a day. Most people don't. They would be the kind of people who use computers or other electronics a lot. It also contributes to childhood obesity. If all you do is sit at your computer all day, you will succeed one day. But people need to get off the computer and do some sports or even games or something. If you don't exercise, you won't be able to enjoy the outdoors. Second, people don't like being outdoors. If someone likes sports, they shouldn't be at @CAPS4 for three hours and invite a few friends to play the same basketball. Even walking home from school with friends is a great way to get out. People @MONTH1 think there is nothing to do in winter. Have a snowball fight with some friends and enjoy. Even if you want to play hashtags with your friends, but you're @NUM2, no one will be embarrassed. Just go out and do something. There are millions of things to do without doing it on a computer. You're still a kid, so you have to enjoy yourself now before taking your life seriously. Finally, you're not going to have fun with your friends or family when you're not outside. People spend too much time on the computer and less time with friends or family. If you're chatting on @CAPS4, you're not hanging out with your friends. It's hard for @CAPS6 to tell them online "@CAPS5 @NUM3 come to @NUM3 my house." @CAPS6 takes two seconds. Then you'll soon be hanging out with your friends. I don't understand why @CAPS6 is a little awkward with your family. Mydad and I like to play basketball or table tennis together. We didn't care because we had a good time. Find something your parents like to do and see if you like @CAPS6. @CAPS6 It's not hard to say to a friend or parent, "@CAPS5 Do something.
Dear @CAPS1, how much impact do @CAPS2 computers have on our lives? I've been thinking about this. Technology is on the rise and it's making our lives easier, but have you ever thought that maybe technology might replace people's jobs? Every day we live, we see something new emerge and become our simple tool. But what about us? People have been different since technology came out; cars for example, by keeping people from walking or even exercising, they don't spend as much time with family and friends, and eventually people miss the thousands of things happening outside good thing. I just think that technologies like computers mostly work for us and thus take up a quarter of our lives. First of all, have you noticed how fast people are getting? I know the answer to that question. @LOCATION1 Obesity is getting worse, people are just wearing aprons and sitting in front of computers eating and getting fatter, what are they doing exercise there? Instead of exercising, people are playing games like football, volleyball, baseball and even running, @CAPS3! They play useless games in front of the computer. I've asked people what they think about this, and this was a woman's response, "I don't think people think about their health, they just want to make life easier". I agree with her; obisitty might take you to the hospital and you don't want to. Second, have you ever asked yourself how much time @CAPS2 spends with friends and family? Think about it. Maybe you have a computer because you spend too much time outside and not with your family, but you can see that since you bought a computer, you probably spend most of your time at home and not with your family . Spending time with your family is very important because you can miss out on a lot of good things. Like family gatherings, or just watching TV shows, I just think spending time with family is important. Lastly, if you are a parent and you use your computer too much, would you feel bad if something happened to your son/daughter? All in all, we always miss the good stuff, and sometimes we lose it because of technology, don't you want that? Imagine you are in front of the computer and your daughter says her first words, do you feel bad if you miss it? I can. Always make time for life because maybe one day you will hate yourself for missing so many good things. All in all, so many people are already addicted to computers, they can't stand it alone. Imagine you are one of them. You get fat, you stop spending time with your family, and you miss out on the good things the world has to offer us. I want you to understand that technology is not everything in life.
Dear @CAPS1, I think some people are overreacting, it won't really kill you. I'm not suggesting that people stay on the computer all day. My last reason is that everyone doesn't have a computer these days. Read on for my three threads: @CAPS2 Too many people are overreacting, I think it's because people say "you're going to miss or miss out on life. And you're still interacting with family and friends, just not verbally (just typing) .I don't know why people are so against computers, like global warming, so many warnings and no one listens, so why do they listen to people saying that spending too much time on a computer will make you fat. It's just me on that topic views/ideas. Next I'm going to tell you how a computer can't really kill you. It can't kill you because it's just a computer for one person and another reason is that you're going to get fat and boring because I can't More than an hour on the computer because it just gives me a headache. That's another point of mine, so read on to see what else I have. Now I'm going to tell you how everyone owns a computer. The problem is that computers are not the only thing that can be used to cause obesity. Now everyone has a computer because I think everyone is on Facebook, even my mom has Facebook! But there are other sites like sex, games and friends sites .I think the most used site is facebook. I think so because too many people have it. Well, that's the end of my article, now you know how I overreact to some people and how it doesn't really kill Die you and in the end how everyone owns a computer.
Computers have little effect on people. In fact, computers help us a lot. They help us find @CAPS1, medical, research and tell the weather if you have cancer. A computer is thought of as a machine that sits in a room and is used frequently, but not for its purpose. People sometimes use it for entertainment rather than research. Not just that kind of computer. Scientists are using bigger and more advanced computers every day. @CAPS2 Computers do have an impact on us, but it works well. Most of the time, those who play games or listen to music are bopard's children. They use it a little too often. I only play it when it's raining and I can't go outside. Humans use computers primarily because it makes life simpler and easier. @CAPS2, it does make life easier, for example, you can type reports instead of writing them by hand, or instead of searching all over the book, you can just look up the information. As a final example; when you want to keep up to date with your favorite sports team, you don't have to go to their games, you can just visit their website. In my opinion, I say @CAPS2, computers do have an impact on us, but for a good reason. I'm a sports fan, so I play a lot of sports. I use computers for fun and research. It has no effect on me. It has no effect at all because I still play games with my friends as often as every day. There is no reason why people can't use computers regularly. Computers sometimes don't have a positive impact, and sometimes they don't have a negative impact. I also exercise, enjoy nature and interact with friends and family. I also use the computer a lot. Experts shouldn't pay too much attention to people using computers.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 I can see both sides of your argument, whether computers matter or not. However, computers have reinvigorated our way of life. Think about what a world without computers would be like. I feel that computers are one or an important aspect of our lives. Computers are especially important for students and teachers. For example, if a student needs a report on @LOCATION1, he can look up facts and other content on @LOCATION1, then he can condense those facts into paragraphs of a word document, and if he has questions, he can email him teacher. Finally, he can print out the completed report. All this without getting up to bother his parents to go to the bookstore and pay @NUM1 for a book he might read once. Also, if he has a problem, there will be no communication outside of school. Another example of students using computers is online textbooks so that they don't have to record heavy textbooks at home. Because I know computers have helped me in school and made my job a lot easier. Second, businesses from @PERCENT1 say they use computers every day, and some agree that without computers, their businesses will fail. Computers have made business easier, especially with business single and file-keeping programs that can be used. On a computer, businesses can store customer information, compare revenue, and keep inventory without the need for cluttered file stacks or filing cabinets. Computers can also save business money because it reduces jobs such as note-taking. Businesses can also save time meeting via webcam instead of having people drive from state to state to meet at the next Monet and the next month; they can also make important things like sales forecasts and other matter. Computers are also important and helpful at home. People can buy groceries at home, order pizza online, and shop online. Also, people can pay their bills online, saving paper. A moter, so to speak, has a child! Who is sick, she wants to know to cure him, how to make him feel, and what medicine to give him. She can look up all of this on her computer and send these sites to her next use. Then another child of hers came in and she was looking for a healthy breathing tube. She can feed him, she can do it online. Next her way of making chicken fried rice, she knows how to do it, she can look up recipes online. Finally, she needed to clean the stain from the carpet after dinner, but it wouldn't come out, so she bought a carpet cleaner online. Computers have made modern Mother's Day so easy. Without computers, our lives would be much harder. If we don't have computers, if people reporting @LOCATION1 fail, sick kids won't, hungry kids will be fed unhealthy food, @MONTH1 will fail. Computers are an important influence on our lives.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 Do you know someone far from you? Or have you ever used @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS3? These are just some of the technologies that computers have. Computers have greatly benefited society. It helps people @CAPS2 do things like let people talk to each other, gain skills from playing games, and it has images and it's easier. As I mentioned, computers allow us to communicate with other people. That way, we don't have to talk to people in person. It would be annoying if three things happened without a computer every time we wanted to talk to someone. Those are either having trouble at school, remembering a phone number and dialing it, or talking to people. Apparently, computers make it easier to talk to people. Second, computers allow us to converse with distant friends or family members. You can write an email or talk to them in chat. This helped me as I was talking to a friend of @LOCATION1 and just recently sent an email to my aunt. There is no doubt that computers make it easier for us to communicate with others, no matter how far we are. Second, every computer I've seen can play some kind of game, whether it's from a disk or on a website. These games can teach us a lot of skills. The first skill we can learn is typing. Just a few days ago I was playing a game where you have @NUM1 seconds to type as many words as possible as fast as possible. If you make a mistake, your time will be reduced by one second. It also gets harder as you progress, going from three-letter words to five-letter words, even seven-letter words and so on. Also, the course from @CAPS4. Information processing is about computers. Once we've done our homework, we can play typing to learn @NUM2. It's also a typing game. As you can see, there are games that teach us how to type. Another game that requires guided thinking to win. This teaches us to be ready for almost anything. Also, it teaches us to process things around you and make decisions. In real life, you @MONTH1 only have seconds to react. Games like this help with real life situations. The last game is tower defense. This shows us the way teenagers think like our lives depend on it. If we were to join the army and become some kind of captain, we would be able to organize our trips in the best way we could think of, and these tower defense games also teach us to think and plan ahead. In these types of games, upgrade packs cost money to buy @LOCATION1 towers. One decision is to either buy the weaker upgrade now or save up for the stronger upgrade later. Tower defense games allow us to make better decisions. Games @MONTH1 are fun, but they also teach us skills. Finally, computers make things easier and there are images on @ORGANIZATION2. One of the things computers make things easier.
Dear @CAPS1 who disagrees with more and more people using computers. The question is whether @CAPS2 is good or bad for you. My take on this thing is to agree that computers are bad and people are spending money. Computer time is too long. I agree with this too, because people spend more time on the computer and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends, that's my take on why people spend a lot of time on the computer. It's clear that people spend too much time on the computer and less time exercising. I say this because I remember a time when I spent most of my time on the computer instead of going to school and then went to sleep doing nothing. He will do this day in and day out. when i pass by his house after all this time i will be dirty and i hold him to clean after he eats he doesnt i grey version want one you can @PERSON1 and caliores he will say no i can Walking on the computer, @CAPS3 one day he really became a part, the doctor said you're fat, but you think he doesn't care, but we'll try to force him to exercise every day, knowing he has diabetes. We told him, and he told him spending too much time on the computer was bad for you. Another reason to spend too much time on the computer is bad, because you need to learn how to enjoy nature and stay away from scid. I remember one time my friend would tell stories on a computer in his house and when I asked him out he would keep saying no, @CAPS3 he came out to buy a new computer software and when he opened the door he was afraid of the lite And running aside, why spending so much time on the computer is bad for you proves to have fun
Dear local paper, I heard what you said about computers being good or bad. I personally think computers are a bad thing. The three reasons for this are that kids are not getting any exercise and people are doing inappropriate things to them which can lead to giving too much information which can lead to injury or death. The first reason is that during their computer time, they can enjoy the good weather outside, if the weather is good of course! I mean you have to agree with me that this is the main reason people get fat because of some kind of tech computer. The second reason computers are bad is because some people are doing inappropriate things to them. If people do these inappropriate things on them, why don't computer makers stop them? I don't know, I mean, what kind of sick leave would put these sites on it? From what I've learned in computer class, they can be used for more inappropriate things than I know! @CAPS1 also the last reason computer technology can be a bad thing is because some people give too much information about them and get hurt by the internet world @MONTH1 looks fun and games until someone gets hurt, that's what my mom said ! In conclusion, as you can probably see, I'm really not a fan of computers. The reason I don't like it is that kids don't get enough exercise, kids are doing inappropriate things in it, and it's used to hurt and even die. These are the reasons why computers are such a bad thing, so keep these tips in mind and consider this article.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1 I believe computers are good for society because it is a faster and easier way to do things like that. When you don't have time to call at work or don't want to spend an hour on the phone, communication, email helps to communicate with other people. It's also faster than waiting for them to answer the phone and the phone mites die. Or they won't answer and they need quick information. Another benefit of computers is finding information, for example if you are going on a trip, you can look up hotels, look up maps and airline tickets, see what the place will look like, or you have a school project that needs to be done but you haven't done yet. Time to watch you go online. If you have to look up a country or an animal or find a picture, the internet has it all. Even like plastering walls on windows or planting bilding progects in a shed, you can find the directions and supplies you need as well as interent. Computers can even help people at work like arctech, they can use computers to make bilding sketches of @NUM1. They keep @CAPS1 in the computer even though the data is stored like in the doctor's office. Or the government hides @CAPS1 in the computer. There are also jobs like repairing computers and charging them. This is why. I think computers are good for society because without a computer, without a computer, the same people want to have a job, everything is more difficult and limited to things like fast communication and work direction.
Dear newspaper, the @CAPS1 generation grew up on complex technology called computers. I've learned to use them over the years and they're not as useful as they seem. They can lead to addiction and cause many distractions. Firstly. Many doctors say computers are causing a "new depression." The internet is where most of this happens. It is not uncommon for most teenagers to have facebook, myspace or formspring. I know from personal experience that some people abuse these social networks and use them as another way to bully others. So not only are you teased at school, but now, people can make fun of you in cyberspace. This is the main reason why people become socially depressed. There was almost no way to escape it, and all their anxiety really started to creep into them. Addiction to the computer is also a very negative effect. Many people go online and are so obsessed that this is how they spend their free time. About @PERCENT1 said they were addicted. From @CAPS1's experience using the internet. I know there's always something to get you back into it. You know you're addicted when you spend more than an hour a day on the computer. Parents always say it's a self-control issue, but many adults have the same problem. They are just starting to be able to use computers, so many times they go through a phase or addiction. Also, this addiction problem will get rid of it completely we stop using the computer. Finally, computers can also be a distraction for students. When students sit down to type their papers, they also have another one many times at the same time. Therefore, they hardly get any work done. Social networking will only make things worse. Chatting with someone a lot can cause you to lose track of time. Also, when you try to use the internet for multitasking. This results in a drop in grades or failure to complete homework on time. All in all, this is a problem that can easily be avoided by eliminating the computer. In short, computers don't help us. They can lead to social depression, which can lead to anxiety problems in people. They lead to addiction and eventually take over people's lives. They create diversions that make it difficult to concentrate. I feel computers have negative effects and should get rid of them completely!
Dear local paper, @CAPS1, did you know that every @NUM1 of the @NUM2 obese children spend @NUM3 hours or more a day on the computer? Computers @MONTH1 are fast and convenient, but why our country's computer is one of the fattest in the world, because of "technology". Computers are bad for humans because they keep people from enjoying nature, spend quality time with their families, and keep people from exercising. First, people cannot enjoy nature. As you know, forests are being cut down and pollution is destroying our world. If we really want to save it, people need to see how beautiful our world is. Second, being on a computer will keep you inside. Depending on your job or whether you are in school, people are indoors for at least 6-@NUM2 hours a day. Finally, @CAPS2, computers take up time that should be spent with friends or family. First, people become antisocial. When on the computer for a long time, people forget how to interact with others. With millions of people like this, our society will soon be a choice. @CAPS2, some people are obsessed with everything about them and then their family @MONTH1 leaves them. They will fall into depression. In the end, computers waste time, money, and effort. This explains why computers are bad. Finally, using a computer can reduce the time spent exercising and staying healthy. First, people get fat. People cannot burn calories and become obese due to less exercise time. Well, without exercise, people's chests become more prone to illness and injury. Last but not least, people without healthcare will not be able to pay for medical care and @MONTH1 becomes homeless. That's why computers are bad.
Dear newspapers @CAPS1, @CAPS2, do you like it if your kids are always in front of the computer? I wouldn't let kids or even adults not spend time with their families, kids would be unhealthy and eventually they would be addicted to using computers and computer languages. Read on to hear my thoughts. First, children and even adults don't spend much time with their families. People like @PERCENT2 spend all day on their computer without even worrying about their kids. I remember when I read on facebook that this guy really liked the game he was playing and he didn't answer the phone when they told him his son was hit by a car. Now, Newspapers @CAPS1, @CAPS2 Don't you want your son to go through what that man's son went through? I do not think so. Also, children or adults will not be healthy and not exercise. A study shows that @PERCENT3 people who use the internet don't exercise or exercise. In addition to @PERCENT3, @PERCENT4 suffers from obesity. My cousin is always on the computer and the doctor told him to minimize your time on the computer because he is fat. He weighs NUM1 pounds because he is always on the computer. So tell me, newspapers @CAPS1 @CAPS2 you want your kids to be safe. Finally, kids these days are "obsessed" with computers and computers. @PERCENT1 People who use computers use computer languages at school. Then @PERCENT1 put the internet on their phone so they can continue to access myspace, facebook, etc. Now, newpaper @CAPS1, @CAPS2 what happens if you write computer language in your article, won't you get fired? Finally, I hope you will consider my letter. The child or adult will be unhealthy, the child will be too addicted to the computer, and in the end they will not spend time with their family.
Dear local paper, I believe that computers are affecting many people's lives. More and more people have been so obsessed with the amazing things computers can do that they have forgotten about the other, more important things in life. People should be exercising and hanging out with friends and family, if you think about it, computers don't even teach you that much. People don't even realize that computers can take away very important things in life. For example, people barely get the exercise they need. This generation has more overweight and obese children than any other generation. People are so focused on what they're doing on the computer that they forget to exercise every day or at least every other day. Computers are just added to the list of excuses for not doing anything. People already spend a lot of time watching TV, which corrodes your brain, and studies show that people are less aware and connected to the world and those around them. Computers are like TVs, you say you only need a minute, then you know @NUM1 hours have passed. @MONTH1's computers are exercising your brain, but they're not exercising you, and that's what really matters. Even if you're doing research on a computer for a school project, the computer still won't help you. Most people don't have time to run to the library to get the book they need, so they just turn to the computer. It's not the wisest idea because half of the websites you click on or visit don't even have the correct information. You might look at it and read it, and even if it sounds good to you, that doesn't mean it's correct. Next thing you know, you have a @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 and you think your idea is brilliant. Aside from getting false information, most people don't even know where to get the information they're looking for. People just type what they're looking for into the Google search box and hit enter. Then they just click the first link they see and use the information on the page. Then all these different windows pop up and you're far from where you were. Then people just give up and start killing time on the computer because they don't want to go back to that page. If people just go to the library and study the old fashion way, they stop and pay attention to all the things in life they miss. Instead of playing games on the computer, people should focus on family and friends. Sure, you can talk to people on your computer, but you can't connect with them or really understand how they're feeling. It's best to invite them over for some fun board games, or just talk in person for a change. Even if you're spending time with family or friends, you're thinking about the computer the entire time they're there, so get out there and make some changes, a little fresh air won't kill you. You should go to the amusement park, ride some rides with your cousins, and do things that take your mind off the computer. People don't realize it, but after spending so much time with your family instead of your computer, you'll really notice something you've missed for so long. As you can see, computers don't help anyone. Either don't exercise, get false information, or don't spend time with your family! In my opinion, having a computer around isn't everything it gets hacked.
@CAPS5 @MONTH1 Follow @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, @CAPS4 @CAPS5 Possibilities, imagine a world @CAPS7 computers, @CAPS1 drivers bumping around, hard to see wheels and roads, phone bills falling off roofs because the world With no other means of communication, students worry about getting sick at home because they don't have books to study. Computers affect all these areas of our lives. They teach hand-eye coordination and allow us to communicate with others in dozens of ways, allowing students to learn and stay up-to-date in their own homes. Computers must become a fundamental part of our daily lives. First, computers must stay in our communities because they can even teach young children hand-eye coordination. In a recent report, @ORGANIZATION2 noted that in the past five years; the number of first-time driving students has nearly doubled. Video games, computer mice, and even the brain for typing at a young age works in sync with the body's arms, fingers and other dependent ages, "@CAPS5 isn't just on the road where hand and eye matter," said @PERSON1, director of surgery at @ORGANIZATION1 Hospital. “@CAPS6 found that younger doctors, those who grew up on video and computer games, can form more stressful robotic surgery than our older doctors.” @CAPS7 Coordination of many of the jobs we get from computers @MONTH1 too out of reach. After a survey, NUM1 of @NUM2 local business managers said they would have someone who can type, not someone who can't. So while you @MONTH1 don't think computers will teach them, they can coordinate for the rest of a person's life. Second, computers should be part of the family because they allow people to communicate with the rest of the world. In the @DATE1 poll, only @PERCENT1, who is @NUM3, has it, but a recent poll shows that @PERCENT2 now has electronic friends. Computers have opened correspondence emails, @CAPS8, social networking sites, just to name a few! Parenting @CAPS9 says parents prefer teens over email trends or @CAPS8 over @CAPS8 because @CAPS5 quiets down the house, quiets other people’s phone lines, and lowers phone bills. My friend used to only talk online for a month, her parents encouraged her because phone calls have dropped by a third, @CAPS5 is clear that even if you @MONTH1 feel the computer is taking up time you can spend with others, @CAPS5 actually It is a way to communicate with people from all over the world. Finally, computers can help students learn. In today's schools, students rely on posting homework online and accessing books online. Once, my brother didn't bring his schoolbag home for a week and went online. We're happy with the pressure on his back. When asked about @PERCENT3 of the @NUM4 raters, they said they use eBooks at least twice a week. The Internet is also a valuable research tool. @NUM5 of @NUM2 high school students said they used a book for research less than once a month. As you can see, the internet is a valuable learning tool. In conclusion, computers help with coordination, communication and education. Computers have only positive effects on people in society as a whole.
Many people now use computers. It allows family and friends to communicate with each other, research places and ideas, and let you type documents that look neat. On the other hand, computer technology prevents people from being active, exploring nature, and having face-to-face conversations with family and friends. I want to explain to you how I personally feel about computers. I can honestly tell you that I love computers. I spend a lot of time on @CAPS3 because it allows me to talk to friends I sometimes don't see. I can even see what my cousin at @LOCATION1 is doing. The computer also helps me with my homework. For projects on topics I don't fully understand, I can hop on my laptop and search for what I need, @CAPS1! , I have my information. Then I can type in my report and even pick a few photos to print out, see? The computer is banging! But I can understand the other side of the problem. Computers can be time-consuming. I can admit that I used to spend hours at the computer. This has become a problem. Experts say people are starting to spend more time on the computer and less time in the real world. A perfect example is my brother. He loves @CAPS2. My mom would call him down for dinner and he would be so absorbed in what he was doing that he would skip the meal. His friends would call him and he would blow them away until he was done. I agree that people shouldn't spend too much time on the computer. You may have read this article and thought about it for yourself. good? How does she feel about this? Honestly, I should have chosen one. But that's the way it is. I love my laptop. I'm addicted to @CAPS3, however, I'm still exercising, I talk to my family, I even enjoy texting or walking on the beach. I'm neutral, like @CAPS4 in @CAPS5. Scientists say computers have a positive impact on people. Some experts said they were concerned that computers could negatively affect people. @PERSON1 said they were both right. Computers are great. They are one of the fastest growing technologies in our world. But we don't need to spend @CAPS6's time on them. I hope you can understand my point of view on this issue.
Dear local paper, I agree that technology has a positive impact on people. Just like any other electronic device, a computer can help you with hand-eye coordination. Also, some people like teachers and want to keep staff away from interns and let their students get to know people and places. Others just want to talk to other family or friends in other towns, states, countries or continents. After reading this letter, you will understand my reasoning. First, these tech-enhanced dictionaries help you with hand-eye coordination. Before the advent of computers, people quickly lost success in writing. They have to make short notes or short hand symbols like w/or. Now people write faster and can write complete words and sentences. They never understand what they wrote, they write it in full sentences. It makes you more hand-eye coordination when you play computer games, these are just the first three reasons. Second, teachers use computers to do a lot of schoolwork and get information about history and geography. Like an online textbook, it can capture almost any information. It can be looked up when @PERSON1 is born. when the dinosaurs went extinct. It's interesting what the government is doing now. Computers can also store what you learn. It also has a search engine to help you find information like @ORGANIZATION1 or @ORGANIZATION2. Statistics show that more than @PERCENT1 people on the planet use search engines to find things on their computers. On search engines, they have websites, pictures, movies, maps, and more. This is why people use computers for research. Have you ever thought about not wanting to travel through @LOCATION2 just to meet your relatives. Then I have a solution to your problem. Computers have all sorts of things that appeal to other people. Computers primarily use email. An email is like a letter, but sent electronically. It also has @CAPS1. It is also like a letter. If you buy a special camera that connects to your computer, you can talk to them individually. You don't even have to go to @LOCATION1 to visit your relatives. This is the last reason why computers have a positive impact on people. Most people use computers effectively. They get hand-eye coordination. Plus, learn important facts about places and people. Plus, they can talk to other people. See what I mean, computers are part of society and part of society.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, do you agree with what I have to say about people using computers more than exsersise? First, more and more people use computers, but how does it benefit them. Second, they spend more time on the computer than exercising. In the end, they spend less and less time with their families. First of all, more and more people are using computers, but what good is it for them. Computers are just an addictive technology that makes you lazy and slow. Using Computer @CAPS6 Are you having problems with your family... @CAPS11! Well, I know this from experience. My mom is always on Facebook and I hate it I think she prefers computers then @CAPS7 do you want your kids to think of you that much? As the days go by and she's on the computer more and more, @CAPS1 sitting there needing @CAPS6 to do homework, I'm thinking @CAPS2 @CAPS3 you @CAPS4" @CAPS5 @CAPS6 @CAPS7 @CAPS1 @CAPS9 .I was just thinking this led to @CAPS3 I said it was a rap for @CAPS7 but @CAPS1 just wanted to say that this computer is good for anyone at @CAPS11. Second I wanted to tell @CAPS12 that the @CAPS13 paper is where people are More time spent on the computer than exercise. Obesity rates are higher than ever. I believe in @PERCENT1! Come on, this is @CAPS14! People go home via @CAPS15.K and other fast food @NUM1 and eat on the computer You get bigger over time and your appearance changes. You start to look sloppy and no one wants you. You look back and regret what you did. Finally the more time you spend with your family Come less. This leads you to stay away from your family and your kids choose to develop bad habits and do the opposite of what you want them to do. This tells @CAPS7 that computers are just @CAPS11 well. Finally, I tell you why I don't Love computers. They @CAPS4' @CAPS5 benefit you. Make you lazy and keep you away from kids. So does your local @CAPS13 paper agree?
Dear local paper, some people are starting to believe that computers are also affecting people over at @CAPS1 because some people will be on it all day, being ordered by it and wanting to do nothing all day. The first reason computers affect people is because some people study it all day, and some people use computers directly after school. They would go from @NUM1 to @NUM2 on the computer at night and then do it the next day. Another reason why computers influence people's influence on it is because all these friends don't, plus the ultimate reason for thinking things on computers is that computers people choose computers. So those are the reasons to stay on certain statutes and do anything.
Dear local paper, I believe there is no problem with the computer. I think computers can help you learn new technologies, like new games or new websites that help you learn. Using a computer can also help you talk to people you know who you haven't talked to in a while and whose phone numbers you don't know. I think having a computer makes you smarter because I mean you do other things besides being on the computer all day, when you're not on the computer you either hang out with friends/family, Either eating, sleeping/exercising, or just doing homework or something. I believe using a computer is part of your healthy choices and you can be thinner than you think. Using a computer and studying at school can basically teach you the same thing. My computer is great for your hands because they give them more strength as you move them constantly and can make your hand and lower arm muscles stronger. All in all, I believe computers are healthy because you don't spend any time exercising or spending time with friends/family/exercise/sleep/or eating. The computer is 100% healthy for you. So I think people should keep using their computers, but just make sure they can pack other stuff into it every day.
Click, click, click, "@CAPS1!" @CAPS2 No, your computer is broken, what are you doing now? Computers have a positive effect on people because it teaches you information, you can socialize, and you can improve your skills. Without a computer, you have no hope. Have you ever needed to work on a research project but couldn't access your local town library? No problem, @CAPS3 You have a computer at home. You can sit back and type something and get all the information you need, and more! You can study almost anything because the computer will have it. Maybe you want to learn something new, but there are not many books about it, well, the computer is your friend. Many people think that computers are just for entertainment, playing games and having fun in their free time. What they don't know is all the research engines like google, netrekker, @LOCATION1 etc. All loaded with knowledgeable information. Some people sit at home and read to get smarter, right? You can do this with a computer, which is probably more fun than a boring advertising book in the library. Have you ever thought "computers are just a way for people to get rid of other people and make time for themselves?" @CAPS3 You think so, you are wrong! There are many ways to socialize with others through a computer, such as email, instant messaging, video chat, and more. There are many ways to communicate with people through computers. This is amazing technology because @CAPS3 even if someone is in a different country, you can communicate with them at the click of a button. Ever heard of social networks? The name is self-explanatory. You network with people all over the world. For example, these are myspace, facebook, twitter, tumblr, etc. This is a fun way to connect with other people, such as relatives you have never met or who live far away, friends, friends of friends, etc. You can even really socialize and meet new people, as long as you're safe. You @MONTH1 are thinking at this point that computers are nothing more than research and socializing. Again, you are wrong. Computers are a great way to help you improve your skills. For example, your hand-eye coordination. You look at the screen, type your words, look at the screen again, and click your mouse. This really improves your coordination. Also, your hand movements will get better. When you type, your fingers move around the keyboard, forming the muscles of the hand. Not only physical skills, computers also help with research skills. There are a few ways to study information efficiently. This aids future research and school purposes. Without all this, isn't a person missing something? Computers play an important role in everyone's life, no matter how old they are. Computers definitely have a positive effect on people.
Do you have a computer? I bet you @PERCENT2 will! You @MONTH1 spent @NUM1 hours or even @NUM2 hours on your computer! In fact, computers have many disadvantages. You could get so involved that you never get out or get excirsize. Also, sitting @NUM2 inches away from a computer screen doesn't help your eyes. Finally, there are very inappropriate websites on the internet that kids shouldn't see. Are you a kid who spends @NUM4 to @NUM2 hours on the computer at a time? Well, if you are, it's time to get out of the swivel computer chair and get out for some fresh air. Most kids spend most of their time on the computer @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 or @CAPS3. @MONTH1 is great for kids interacting with kids outside of school, but takes kids farther. They never go to oitside and get any excirsize. This is not good for growing teens. They need to be active. So, limit the time you spend on the computer. There is no doubt that computers are very bad for your eyesight. Unlike @CAPS4 or video games that you can play from far away, over time the PC will play at @NUM2-7 inches and your eyes will get used to sitting @NUM2 inches away from you , so that when you backed up you were not at all. I know this guy who plays video games every day from about @NUM8 feet away for a long time. Today, unfortunately, if that kid knew the consequences of being so close to the @CAPS4 screen, that kid is blind and he would think twice. Think twice about how close you are to your computer. If I were to ask any of you what any of you can find on the internet @PERCENT1 you would say: "Anything". Is there really too much information? In fact, tehre is. You may be looking for a topic and some inappropriate content that has nothing to do with that topic and kids don't need and shouldn't watch or see these inappropriate sites. It's not good for kids, so stop it! After reading this article, I hope you realize that computers are bad for you in many ways. In fact, it is physical, mental and social. So, next time you're on your computer, don't look at the little things, but the big picture!
Dear local paper I am writing because I have heard that some people think computers are very useful and some people think their knowledge is good because people spend a lot of time on it and I think it is good because, its way to communicate with friends Stay connected and research what interests you without having to go to the library to find the book you need. It's good to have these computers because they have internet access and they don't serve as a place to walk in, or if they do. I think it's good to have a computer because when you're young and don't have more friends, @MONTH1 is really important to them, but you're with them. You can email each other or search online to try and get in touch with them. Also, if your family is far away and you really can't talk money on the phone, you can contact them so you don't have to spend money. I also think it's good because if you have any problems going to the library, you can scan it online. Computers are also readily available. Computers are great for homework you can't do. I also think it's nice to have a computer if you need something but you can't afford it, usually if you go online you can find it and buy it to save money, and they have some online that's not really. I think it's good to have a computer but not be on it all the time, they are good for friends, school and..
Dear local paper, I strongly believe that many people do not benefit from using a computer. People can do a lot of things besides being on a computer. By using computers, people exercise less, enjoy nature, and interact with family or friends. People don't get a lot of benefits from using computers. As I mentioned, people who overuse computers exercise less. This can really affect people's health if they don't exercise. Judging from recent research by @ORGANIZATION1, @PERCENT1 overweight computer users. That's an extremely high statistic! It is absurd to affect so many people's lives through computers. So many people really shouldn't be overweight. If these people don't get exercise, they may become addicted to the computer. If people are addicted to computers, they @MONTH1 will start doing bad things with computers. They can post bad things on ridiculous websites and watch horrible things. The worst might be watching bad things. It's really bad for everyone. Finally, if you use a computer a lot, it can affect your eyes. If you stare at your computer all day, @MONTH1 your eyes are not used to looking at other things. It's hard for your eyes to shift from one thing to another. Obviously, using a computer is bad for your health. Not enjoying nature is also something people do not benefit from. As you @MONTH1 know, fresh air is good for everyone. It's always nice to smell @DATE1's fresh air after a long day at school. Many people don't because they start using the computer as soon as they get home. These people have lost a lot of refreshment. I recently interviewed @PERSON1 and she told me, "A lot of people can't see what's going on in the world because of their computers." They never see anything going on around them that way. By keeping it updated. You never know what theme @MONTH1 pops up at school, you can always benefit from checking out nature. Finally, there are always animals that need help. Have you ever been in a situation where a stray dog needs a home I have, by helping these animals you can save a life. Many people don't have this opportunity because they are on the computer. Obviously, there are many people who miss the beauty of nature. My last reason is that on the computer you don't interact with family or friends. In some cases, the person who is addicted to the computer is the parent. If you are a parent, you need to help your family with daily chores. They can be annoying, I know, but you're helping your family and that's all you can do. Also, if you are a parent with children, they will always need help. Some children are young and don't know how to find information for a project. But, that's why the parents are there. However, if the parent is on the computer, they will not be able to meet this requirement. I know my brother is always asking for help because he is young. Finally, family gatherings and computers cannot be mixed. From past experience, when family came over, my brother sat on the computer and didn't even come to say hello to anyone. I find this very rude. I just hope the family doesn't get mad about it. Obviously, using a computer requires time away from family. In conclusion, people's time on the computer should be limited. By using computers, people don't get enough exercise, enjoy nature, and spend less time with their families. Thanks for reading my comments.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 Technology has evolved rapidly since electricity was invented. Computers have gone from the size of a room to 12-inch flat-screen monitors. In our modern society, computers are vital tools for helping organize files, conduct research, and enjoy online networking. Computers teach hand-eye coordination, enable people to see distant places, and allow people to socialize online. Wouldn't life be hard without a computer? While often doing our day-to-day computer tasks, we rarely realize that what we're writing often overtaxes the nerves in our hands, leading to tendonitis or arthritis; typing on a computer is faster and your opponent is less injured. "Hand-eye coordination helps improve balance and movement." @PERSON1 is the Chief Orthopaedic Sergeant at @ORGANIZATION1. Some people disagree, arguing that spending a lot of time on the computer can lead to a lack of physical activity. There are several portable computer devices that can be taken outdoors like @CAPS3. I've dreamed of going to @LOCATION1 since I was ten. While I can't afford a plane ticket to @LOCATION1, I can use the internet to virtually tour the country's vibrant landscapes and ancient historical sites. With the help of the internet, I was able to see a faraway place and experience the country as if I were there. @PERSON2, creator of an online network called @ORGANIZATION2. @PERSON2 This computer system was created to connect people around the world by giving them the opportunity to see and talk to anyone they choose. I used this app a lot to chat with my sister in college. Through this program, we were not able to relate to her and learn about her college experience as we would at home.
Dear local newspaper editor, @CAPS1 Did you know that the average person spends three or more hours a day on the computer? Time spent staring at a blank screen can be spent helping the community, exercising, or having fun with others. All this precious time is wasted on the computer and spending a lot of time on it can reduce your time with family and friends, cause health problems, or @MONTH1 addiction. First, the computer @MONTH1 prevents you from spending time with family and friends. Often people come home from get off work or school just wanting to relax, so seek comfort online. However, a more relaxing activity might be playing a game with the family or going out with friends. After all, no one lasts forever, and your time only lasts once a day. This precious time is taken away by computer technology, which lasts longer than anyone and offers no comfort even when someone is feeling down. For example, a teen would make fun of them on the computer. It's not good for them, and the bullying may cause depression in her family or friends, they may share something that makes everyone feel good, @CAPS2, less time spent on the computer is spent with family and friends. Second, computers can be harmful to your health, eyes, and people with poor vision. Typing the way you need to spend more time on your computer gives you time to study examples, and if someone finds a website they really like, they'll visit it often, maybe even multiple times a day! Besides the website, the @CAPS3 games and web are also very popular and addicting. Computer addiction can cause health problems (as mentioned earlier) and withdrawal symptoms when you try to stop. It is very important that people stop spending a lot of time on the computer to make sure addiction is prevented before it starts. In short, computer technology is hurting humans and may prevent something bigger from happening in an individual's life. Thanks to our modern technology, less time doing things with your loved ones has more negative impact on your growing computer addict. But all of this can be avoided if people just spend less time on the computer.
Dear ones, @CAPS1 computers do have positive effects, but negative effects are much worse than positive ones. @CAPS2 Bullying happens every day. Not only that, but when kids have computers around, they don't exercise. Those machines also damage human eyesight @CAPS2 Bullying is the worst effect of computers. This form of bullying has happened to many people and we have lost many people. @CAPS2 Bullying happens to @NUM1 of every @NUM2 child. @CAPS2 Bullying is a disease that has to stop and kids are killing themselves because of it. Not only that, but children's lives are also threatened and taken. Without computers, the disease would be prevented. Childhood obesity is a big problem at @LOCATION1, partly because of computers. Kids shouldn't be on the computer, they should be running around outside with their friends. Computers are an addiction that children cannot quit. Computers are not only bad for children, but also for adults. Staring at a computer screen for long periods of time is harmful to the eyes. Your vision is important to life. Most of the time, vision is your most important sense. Now you see why computers cannot benefit society. Online, people are harassed to the extreme. Bright computer screens are harmful to the delicate human eye. Children should be exercising outdoors, not sitting on the computer at home. Everyone should always unplug their computers and never turn them back on.
Dear newspaper, I don't think computers are a bad thing for you. Computers can help you do a lot of things @CAPS1 can help you study, chat with friends, @CAPS1 can entertain you. Computers can make you successful in life @CAPS1 can help you learn many things like computer engineering. Computer engineering is a job that can pay you a premium to fix your computer. @CAPS1 is very challenging at first, but when you look up @CAPS1 on a search site, you'll find all the answers. Chatting is the first thing kids, adults and teens do. @CAPS1 is good and bad in a way, @CAPS1 is good because your phone bill won't be that high, so you can save a few minutes. @CAPS1 sucks because @CAPS1 will ruin your eyes too, just remember to stay away from the screen. Computers are fun, and you can access millions of websites. For example @CAPS2.com, @LOCATION1 and @CAPS3.com have fun, these three are mostly what I go on to say, they are very interesting. They have tons of games for kids and adults. I've proven my point that computers are not bad for you because they help you study, they lower your phone bill, and it's fun. Yes, I know they might take up workout time, or hurt your eyes, but who cares just make up the time limit so you have time to work out. Don't get close to the screen because @CAPS1 can hurt your eyes.
Computers are not really a good thing because @CAPS1 you think you never want to get out of the car always chat or social network you can always find things to do but you waste your time on the computer you can do whatever you Want to do but I think too much is a waste of time. @CAPS1 you have kids and you don't spend time with them you can help your kids with their homework and eat with them watch tv spend time relaxing but some people like to take their kids' laydys online and never get out of the car you have to Make time with your kids so they don't have bad habits so they don't stay out late. You have to have time to clean the house by yourself, cook for your husband, go out shopping, take your kids to the mall, enjoy your life, computers give us nothing but make us lazy. @CAPS1 you work you have to think about your work maybe hang out with your friends don't be on the computer @NUM1 you can do other things call your friends or go shopping and cleaning your computer at your house won't give us anything It's just a waste of time @CAPS1 your social network....computers are good, you can find anything you need and see family from afar. @CAPS1 it's a good thing you're using it in a good way, but @CAPS1 you're never going to log out of the facebook or something, it's not for continued use. You can go to the beach or go to the gym, and you have a lot to do other than surf the internet and sit for hours. Just try not to go online and just go out somewhere...
Dear Newspaper @CAPS1, I am writing this letter on behalf of all the busy people in our country. We came to the conclusion that we need, not want, but need computers in our lives. First, we need them to communicate with other people. Second, we need computers to do research for schools and jobs. Finally, we kids need computers to type essays, prompts, or essays for each lesson. Communication is very important in everyday life. For example, I have a grandmother who lives in @LOCATION1. I only see her in person once or twice a year. For a whole year, I video chatted with her from the @CAPS3 computer because it was so much easier than flying. Without a computer to video chat with @CAPS3 grandma, I don't talk to her once or twice a year. Using a computer to communicate is very helpful, and it allows you to do a lot of things without traveling, like video chatting. Another reason why computers are a necessity for us is because research is easier. Many kids these days have a lot of homework and consume on the internet. For myself, it's me. The internet is a quick way to get research. Plus, the research I found was as accurate as the library book. Computers are definitely needed when kids have tons of homework and projects to research. Think about when it's unthinkable that the kids have to type out the paper and prompt. Just in @DATE1, I had to type in English, prose and fluent paragraphs. Final Grade @CAPS2 I am not typing on the computer. Typing on the computer is also out of school, the whole @CAPS3 dad is typing a lot and he is also typing for his company. Now a lot of things have to be written on the computer in order to be perfect, otherwise you won't get the results you want. In conclusion, computers are modern devices and you will have to live with it. Computers can communicate well with everyone around them and even across the country. In addition, they make school research more effective. Finally, computers are faster at printing papers and dissertations. Computers are necessities of life.
Dear @CAPS1, People are using too much @ORGANIZATION1 time on their computers. Instead, @ORGANIZATION1 saw @ORGANIZATION1 through their own eyes, they saw it in a video or @CAPS2 on the internet. It's not natural for people to be internet fanatics. Earth is a beautiful planet with trees, mountains, oceans and people. We created the internet and people prefer the rocks they stand on. This planet should be explored instead of surfing the web. People should see @ORGANIZATION1 before cities and factories cover all the hands of nature. People use the Internet way for planning, business, entertainment, social life! All @ORGANIZATION1, this was easily done before we could even be on the lightbulb. Life is a gift, and people spend it on artificial life. Games, for example, @ORGANIZATION1 is one of @ORGANIZATION1's most popular addicting games of all time. In this game, you make a character on the middle planet while fighting other players. Some people think gaming is more fun than life (I personally think it is) but not their life. He is just a fantasy for people to escape their meaningless lives. I wrote this article to support that one day people will understand that this is life. So, stay alive.
Dear local paper @CAPS1, the real technology has left everyone dumbfounded. More and more people are attracted to electronics and less and less care about our planet. They have a lot of great stuff that could be at risk. The folks at @MONTH1 say that if you spend a lot of time on your computer, they'll be able to find a cure for your disease. These are just lies to stay lazy and waste your life on the computer. What happens to all sports in the world. Players will age, they will retire, and if there is no one to take their place, then games will be called off. I'm a huge football fan and I don't want to see it cancelled. Some of my friends say they are addicted to computers and I always want them to get rid of that habit because what happens when they grow up, they will need @CAPS2. If they keep getting addicted, they won't want @CAPS2, they won't have money, they won't be able to pay their bills, they'll lose their house. Why people say they can find a cure by looking at a computer, we all know that's not true. They need to know them first, not just look at them on a computer. They @MONTH1 don't want to, but they have to read books and do some hard thinking before finding a cure. I'm hoping for a quick lifestyle change because things are going to get really bad. If we do stop this way of life then things might get better and then our planet @CAPS3 will stay longer and we can make this place a better place.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I have recently heard a debate about whether or not to use a computer a lot. Computers can be unhealthy, I think they are usually helpful. They have given us many opportunities that would not exist without them. I will describe more of what I mean in the letter below. First, I will explain one of the advantages of computers. Study and school work. Computers can give people a way to study things. For students, @MONTH1 is similar to research for a thesis project. For adults, it could be information about entrepreneurship. In both cases, using a computer is an easier way to get information than visiting a library, I personally know of a website called @LOCATION1 where teachers can set up online tests for their students. This would not be possible without a computer. It is even possible to take computer online courses, where students can be taught over the Internet rather than in person. This can be an advantage for people who can't always take classes. I would also like to mention that computers provide a popular means of communication. Email and me @CAPS3. These communication methods have become very popular recently, and I use them myself. I think this might be bad for some people because it prevents them from interacting with the real world. But overall, I think it's helpful. It also provides another way for parents and teachers to communicate. These are just some of the many ways in which computers can help. Finally, I want to talk about how computers benefit adults specifically. I know a lot of people who pay their bills online. That's because if you think about it, isn't it a hassle to have to mail bills every month? Computers have greatly reduced this hassle. They also make it easier for you to buy what you need, find a job, and many other things. Without a computer, jobs like finding a job would require more work than using a computer. Again, these are just some of the hundreds or even thousands of ways in which computers are useful. Anyway, I think my point is clear. Anything in moderation is fine. Those who think computers are unhealthy are talking about those who use them excessively. Usually this is not the case. Often computers can do more good than bad and can make people's lives easier. They are great for education, and I think that alone is enough to convince you that computers are helpful. But as I said, I want my point to be clear, and I want you to agree with me.
Dear local paper, computers are fairly new, everyone has one and everyone wants one! They can be used to do a lot of great things. But are they used to it? As a student and teen, I know I use myself more than I need to. Sure they're fun, and sure they're very useful, but they're time-consuming. You @MONTH1 are working or chatting with friends, but you're just sitting next to them. Using a computer can reduce a lot of exercise or other activities. I'm definitely not saying to stop using your computer completely, because they are perfect for you. But why sit at your computer and chat with friends who live down the street when you can play kickball or something fun outside. As in other states, it's a good idea to chat online with friends or family members who are far away from you. Another time I would say to use a computer is when doing some work, projects or homework. Or even if your job involves doing research. A computer is a great tool. But most people give up that privilege and go to another site that has nothing to do with the research there. So if you need a computer for school or work, go ahead! This way you can accomplish what you need to do. It's hard not to use a computer if you're a student or working as a regular person. There are a lot of useful things you can do with it. But that doesn't mean you need to be on it all day and night. Spend about NUM1 minutes to an hour a day talking to people you've never met, as best you can. Then get up and enjoy nature. You don't need more than an hour. I very much agree with the experts that they spend a lot of time on the computer. Use it to accommodate you and help you not bore you. If you need resherech to get things done, don't abuse the fact that you have Enter-net. Memorizing for an hour a day is more than enough! So get out of your computer and stay healthy!
Dear local paper, More and more people are using computers there. Some people see computers as improvements to society. Others worry that people spend too much time on the computer and not enough time to exercise and spend time with friends and family. I believe computers can be a bad thing. I think it's because some people spend a lot of time on them, which is one of the main causes of obesity, and it interferes with people's social lives. According to recent research, about @NUM1 out of @NUM2 spend most of their time on the computer. Many of these people spend their time on online games and social networking sites such as facebook and myspace. Others use it for shopping or studying. Some online games include World of Warcraft, Rune Scope and many @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 games. Many people or @MONTH1 who spend most of their time on the computer are getting fat. According to @PERSON1, spending a lot of time on the computer is one of the leading causes of obesity. Many experts agree that computers are the learning cause of obesity. Between @DATE1 and @DATE2, more people used their computers more often. Since then, obesity rates have also increased. Most people who spend a lot of time on the computer don't interact much with their friends and family. This can lead to broken relationships, lost friends, and lost opportunities to love your family. Many experts, like @PERSON2, say that a person can become frustrated by not interacting with friends and family. He also said that some people who became depressed began to think about suicide. Spending too much time on a computer is a bad thing, are you willing to spend too much time on a computer even hearing its downsides? I believe spending too much time on the computer is bad for everyone.
Dear reader, computers are a huge part of the world today. Most people in @LOCATION1 have at least one, and the number is growing. These computers are harmful to people. They cost a lot of money, cause people to stop exercising and become unhealthy, and teach kids that things in life are easy. Computers cost a lot of money. Between buying one, buying the hardware and protection, and paying for maintenance, they're pretty expensive. Computer science expert Dr @PERSON2 claims, "The average cost of a computer is @MONEY1. Then hardware needs to be purchased and replaced, along with antivirus programs and other protections. Now we can at least. Maintenance costs about @MONEY3 per year, you can see to the true price of these machines." @CAPS1 In a recent survey, 1 in 10 computer owners said they had to repair their computer within the past three months. That's when a lot of people go to fix computers. But computers can cause not only money problems, but also health problems. Computers take up a lot of people's time. When using the computer, the user does not move around or exercise. Computers make people unhealthy. The number of obese people in @LOCATION1 has skyrocketed, but it's not just food, some experts are now attributing computer use to lack of exercise, leading to obesity. Dr @DR1 @CAPS2 said: "@CAPS3 Whatever you're doing on your computer, be it gaming or education, you're better off walking outside and exercising. A recent study shows that @NUM1 comes from @NUM2 who bought a computer last year family, their exercise and play time has been cut in half. There are health problems caused by computers, but they also teach the next generation, and things come very easily. Computers are an excellent source of knowledge, but that can be a problem. Use computers to find things , it's easy to research a topic. Before computers, people had to work and seek @CAPS4. It's easy now, kids @MONTH1 start thinking about things in life that can easily happen. Pediatric psychologist @PERSON1 said: "Kids The way of thinking is that most things they encounter will be absorbed and normalized. If a child is used to easily searching for items on a computer, he will expect everything to be equally easy. If not, @MONTH1 gets frustrated and can't do what needs to be done. "@NUM3 of @NUM4 voters agree that finding @CAPS4 on a computer is easy. What education are the children of the world getting? Life is simple, a misstatement. Computer use is a growing problem. It costs a lot of money, causes health problems, and poisons the minds of children into believing that life is an easy thing. Computers are harmful to the people of the world, they take our money, our health, and our children's minds.
Dear newspaper, I think computers are good for you because of online conversations, teaching hand-eye coordination and other things. @CAPS9 One reason he helps you with hand-eye coordination, like teaching you how to type. @CAPS3 We don't learn hand-eye coordination, we won't know how to do other things @CAPS9 hand-eye coordination does. @CAPS9 @CAPS1 The second reason you have a webcam, you can use @CAPS1 For example, when a family member @CAPS9 lives in a different state, you can see their face and talk to them as if you were face to face . The last reason @CAPS9 searches the web is because @CAPS3 you want to get a travel ticket for @CAPS4 online. @CAPS1 is the best way to get them. Researchers say @NUM1 of @NUM2 people say surfing @CAPS9 is the best way because you can see when @CAPS4 takes off and when the next @CAPS4 goes home. All in all, I'd say computers are a good thing because they also help with your hand-eye coordination. @CAPS3 You have a webcam and you can see family members from different states, see their faces, and talk to them as if you were talking face to face. One last thing @CAPS9 search online for @CAPS4 tickets @CAPS3 you want to go far away and go online to see when @CAPS4 is back because researchers say @NUM1 in @NUM2 people say go online for @CAPS4 tickets @CAPS9 is the best way to get them. Ask yourself, do you like web searches?
I believe people should enjoy nature more than computing. I say this because computers can sometimes be addicting. Addicted people only know what is on the internet. People need to exercise. They don't sit in front of the computer all day and hang out. Computers are addicting. People who spend most of their time on the computer are addicted people. When they become addicted, they may fail in school by not doing their homework. Don't you hate it when you feel week and layered? This is how it feels for those who sit in front of a computer all day! @CAPS1 People want to stay healthy then they should do some exercise every day and sit in front of the computer all day. When things happen, a lot of people get annoyed that they don't know it. Most of the people who do this are people who primarily use computers. I say this because people who spend most of their time on the computer only know things when they are on the computer. That's why I'm a firm believer that people spend a lot of time on the computer instead. This is because firstly computer addiction, secondly people need to exercise @CAPS1 they want to be and stay healthy and lastly @CAPS1 people love to know things and the only way they will find out is on the computer
Dear local paper, I hear that you are deciding whether computers will have a negative or positive impact on society. In my opinion, I think computers have a very negative impact not only on adults but also on students. In general, computers are distracting, very dangerous, and reduce the time people spend exercising. Computers generally do not adversely affect people. Some people say computers aren't distracting, and I say yes. There are different websites on the computer, like @CAPS1 and @CAPS2, that distract people from studying or even doing homework. @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 are sites where you can chat with friends and view people's photos. These sites can be easily interrupted when trying to do something important. For example, I am one of the biggest slackers when it comes to doing homework or studying. If I had to choose between doing my homework or chatting on @CAPS1, I would choose @CAPS1. But if you really think about it, do these sites benefit anyone. Homework and study can actually make you better, benefit you in your studies, and move on in your life. In general, I believe computers are a big obstacle. When people continue to use computers, they continue to use them without worry. They don't know the danger behind it. There are people on these dangerous computers called online predators. Online predators basically sit at the computer all day trying to harm others. One particularly harmful site I've heard of is myspace. This site is more dangerous than @CAPS1 or @CAPS2. Myspace is like @CAPS1 in a way, but very dangerous. For example, my mom told me that a friend of hers daughter had a space for me and befriended someone she didn't know. Of course she wasn't worried because he seemed like a good guy to her, so she gave him her number. Fortunately, her mother saw it, otherwise something bad would happen. He ended up being an online predator. Finally, computers can make people unhealthy. People who are constantly staring at a computer keep them from exercising. For example, do not play sports such as football, volleyball, and tennis. This is very unhealthy for people in our society as they become obese and unhealthy. That's why a computer can keep you from exercising. In conclusion, computers can have a very negative impact on people. Not exercising can be distracting, dangerous and unhealthy. In general, computers do not adversely affect people.
Dear @CAPS1, I - like many others my age - love to sit in front of a computer and explore its wonders. But that doesn't mean I'm going to spend my life on it like everyone else. So I can see what too much computer time can do. It makes kids my age more aggressive, with health issues, and less concerned about the environment. More and more children are falling into these traps. Too much computer time can make even the best people extremely aggressive. I know from past experience that when people are obsessed with them, when you disturb them, they will yell at you or even start swearing at you, or maybe get violent. If someone stays up late on the computer, the next day could mean they're cranky from lack of sleep. This aggressiveness of @MONTH1 causes others to be aggressive in response, and @MONTH1 causes verbal or physical conflict, which (hopefully) nobody wants. Another problem @CAPS1 that can be caused by too much computer time is more of a health issue. Staying indoors all day will keep people from getting the vitamin they need @CAPS3, an important nutritional vitamin from the sun itself. Not getting enough vitamins @CAPS3 in one's childhood can lead to developing a disease later in life called @CAPS5 that never really goes away and prevents people from doing the things they love. Too much computer time also means people aren't getting enough exercise, and with the way we eat now, those two things add up to be obedient. Others who don't want to exercise or eat right and at the same time don't want to get fat, @MONTH1 Anorexia. None of these weight issues are good for you, which proves my point about the health problems of too much computer time. The question I'll let you read @CAPS1 is how people are going to become less environmentally conscious. Some big tech companies are bypassing environmental laws and looking for cheaper ways to make their products when the truth is, no one cares! As long as they get newer and better technology, nobody cares. Everyone will continue to protect these companies for what they want to satisfy their thirst for more computers. Now, I'm not saying that having any computer time is bad. I just want to prove that too much is bad for you. With too much computer time, people become more aggressive, have health problems, and are less concerned about the environment. So I urge @CAPS1 to write a newspaper article about the effects of too much computer time and let everyone in the city know. It might help us create a better future.
@ORGANIZATION1, @DATE1, people are using computers more often. Some people disagree that computers are good. I think the computer is still good. They help you learn more, they're like @CAPS1 @CAPS2 when you're bored you can go online. People are getting smarter now. One of the reasons is the Internet. The Internet is like a big book. It holds a lot of important information. There is information on the Internet that no one might know until they read it. Add to that the fact that the internet is fast and easy. Also, the internet can keep you up to date with what's going on in the world. No internet. We will have nowhere to go. Surveys show that @NUM1 out of @NUM2 students use the Internet for information or school projects. Also, on the Internet, you can buy things that you can't buy in stores. Going to the library is a pain. You have to pay for gas, and you have to drag yourself out of the house to get in the car to the library. What if there is no library near you? So what would you do? You can go online. Also, with @CAPS2, people can search for a book all day, not find it only to find that someone else has it. How painful. Some people like collages of people who don't have a car. So how do you get to the library? Research shows that @PERCENT1 in @CAPS3 has no cars. What do you do when you are bored? eat? sleep? Lying on the floor staring at the ceiling? No, you go to the computer. There are all kinds of interesting games and websites on the Internet. It can also help you make new friends. The internet is also a great way to keep in touch with close friends or relatives. Also, if you are a photographer, then you can sell and share your photos online, and you can also advertise your business or business. @NUM3 out @NUM4 @CAPS3 Either no backyard or nothing to do. I think the internet is great. You can learn all kinds of information without going to the library, and you can play games when you are bored. Isn't the internet great?
Dear local paper, I feel that computers are very beneficial to our society. They are very helpful with homework, you can talk to people online, you can make plans/without even leaving home. First of all, computers help us a lot with our homework. A lot of kids are stubborn about it, but with the help of a computer, they'll be more willing to get it done. For example, when I have a difficult scientific/social research task, I can do it on a computer . Also, @CAPS1 I'm new here, I left my textbooks at school, I can study on the computer. Therefore, computers are very helpful for homework and study. Second, computers make it very easy to communicate with others. For example, it costs money to make phone calls, why spend money when you can text and chat for free? Also, many people use email because it is so simple that you can send files to other people. Let's say, I have a working paper on the company's annual profits and I need to give it to my boss. No problem, I just email and don't drive. Finally, my last point is that computers make it very easy to plan or connect. I know @NUM1 of @NUM2 people love to travel, but you need a ticket. Just visit the website and do it online. It's fast, easy and secure. Also, @CAPS1 you need to book something, like a hotel, you just go online, pick a date, and when you arrive, your room will be ready. I can see this being very beneficial for traveling business people who may need a room for the night. In conclusion, computers play a huge role in the world as they help with homework, are easy to communicate and you can even do/book without leaving home. The best part about them is that they are fun and easy to use!
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 to this article, more and more people are using computers, and proponents of technological progress believe that computers have a positive impact on people. I don't agree with you. I believe computers will ruin your life and blind you. First, if the computer will ruin your life. You've stuck with them too long. A computer is a small device that lets you do almost anything on it. The computer allows you to find out where your friends live, you can play a lot of games, and more. I remember watching the news on the @NUM1 channel once and a @NUM2 year old passed out from playing computer games for too long. Look, I told you, they can ruin your life, it only takes a few hours to love this computer. Second, computers can blind you because the computer screen is so close. The computer is designed so you can do things on it, but unfortunately the screen is screwed too close, so you have to keep your face on the screen when you have to see something on the computer. I remember one time my dad bought an @ORGANIZATION1 and my dad was on that computer all day and when he got out of the car his eyes were bloodshot and he put on glasses after that. Look, I told you that getting your face too close to a computer screen can hurt your eyes. In short, computers will ruin your life and blind you. Computers are bad for you, so you should stop and think about what I wrote in this persuasive letter.
@DATE1 @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I believe that computers in today's society have a positive impact on people. I believe this is because if people use it for educational purposes to chat, send emails, or do research, it really does change people's lives. You can really learn a lot if you use your computer for educational purposes like gaming. For example, I help my sister do multiplication in our math game. Also, I learned to use type typing to learn @CAPS3. on my desktop computer at home. Many others also use it for these reasons. They might also use it to enter projects or give presentations. Others might just use it for chat and email. These things can still benefit our society. Chatting using computers, such as facebook, myspace and twitter, can also benefit our society today. These sites benefit us a lot because we can meet new people, meet old friends, and even chat with current friends. On @ORGANIZATION2, @ORGANIZATION1 or @ORGANIZATION3, we can also email people instead of instant message them. For example, if you have something very important to say to someone, you might want to write it on an email. If you just want to say hi, you can use facebook, myspace or twitter if you have an account. Computers really benefit our society today. All the reasons in my letter support my position on whether computers are good for our society.
Dear newspaper editor, I think computers are good for everyone. The first reason I think computers are beneficial is that if you don't know anything about something and want to learn more about it, you can go ahead and use it and do some research on it. The best part is that you can study anything, even if it's a million miles away. There is information about anything on the internet. My second reason is that if you have a webcam and some of your relatives live far away, you can always see them. It's not just a webcam, you can also chat with family and friends and view photos of each other on Facebook and other similar sites. My last and last reason is that you can do almost anything on a computer. Their software lets them write, do projects and plan things on oct. Plus most people in modern society use computers to store and business to keep track of things. Well, that's why I think computers benefit us. I told you why I think they did it and how.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, I agree that the impact of computers on people can be very bad for people, but they should be aware of what they do to themselves and what they can get themselves into. It starts with people using computers, and then they use mobile phones, which affects people sitting on computers instead of cleaning their homes and taking care of their homes; but they're on laptops or desktops. Second, parents and kids spend most of their time talking to their friends on websites, like webcams and sightings, which affects people because they can call or meet them somewhere. In conclusion, people, but mostly teenagers and some adults under the age of @NUM1 to @NUM2, like to visit different sites like myspace.com, facebook.com, formspring.com, etc. in bad or good , which can be a dire effect for those who do it regularly. Some people, mostly teenagers, that's probably what he said she said, and that's why people should log off right away. Most importantly, people should be aware of themselves or someone they may know or may know, knowing that this will put them in a disadvantageous situation @MONTH1.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I firmly believe that children and adults spend too much time on computers. Consider the following points, computers have a negative impact on people. Also, parents of @PERCENT1 agree with experts that @CAPS3 spends too much time on the computer and less time with friends. @CAPS11 I'm very young and I rarely get on the computer. But now my parents have had to consult me many times to get off the computer. Ever since teens joined @CAPS7, myspace and twitter, they've been addicted and can't stop posting what their friends are posting on @CAPS6. Physiologist @PERSON2 said, "@CAPS3 spends hours a day online and can't concentrate at school because their focus is on @CAPS8 on their @CAPS11 at home." @CAPS4 up, @CAPS5, @ CAPS6 @CAPS7, @CAPS8 Go to school, go home, @CAPS6 @CAPS7. This is a daily routine for a teen in @DATE1. Second, frequent computer use can lead to health problems. @NUM1% Teenagers who use computers constantly have to wear glasses or contact lenses due to excessive computer use. @CAPS11 I use the computer many times without a break because my eyes can't take it anymore and I have a terrible headache. “@CAPS11 @CAPS3 They stay up all night on the computer and get tired the next morning.” @CAPS12 Pediatrician @PERSON1 and middle school students are the most popular users of interns as they are mostly tired and @CAPS11 is at school. People who stay up late have very dark lines under their eyes, so if you see people like that, they are over-users of the internet. Most of the awesome @CAPS3 will never use the internet all the time to get to @CAPS8 beyond @CAPS11. In the end, kids miss out on the beauty of nature. @CAPS3 don't get enough exercise to think clearly because they don't have oxygen in their brains. Obesity is starting to take its toll on kids who just sit inside and @CAPS5 junk food. Kids who rarely get outdoors @CAPS8 and exercise become overweight or obese. @PERCENT2's children instratford are almost never outside and excersize @CAPS8. When I was in elementary school we had breaks, but now in middle school we never have. The only chance we have @CAPS8 outside @DATE3 and @DATE2 @CAPS11 is warm.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 thinks the same or different about computer @MONTH1 than everyone else. I believe that computers can help our society. They give us more knowledge about any subject we want, it helps us connect with family members far away, and they even give us a better understanding of places we don't see ourselves. Some people feel that computers are a distraction for their children, so they never spend time with their families. But what if one of your family members is on the other side of the world? @CAPS1 Cousin lives in @LOCATION2 and the only way I can talk to him is through the computer. What if your little one is with your mom or does travel for a long time? You use your computer to talk to them, don't you? Not everyone around you is always there for you, computers are the way to connect when someone is far away. The kids don't exercise because of the computer. What if your workout happens to be hiking? Show off the scenery while you get your workout. With a computer, you can even explore anywhere without leaving your home. Assuming you're just a young kid, you can always see @LOCATION1, but you can never go there. what will you do? You'll hop on the computer and check it out. You can explore anywhere you want with the click of a button. In school, you will learn about historical figures who have died for thousands of years. If they go, how will you learn more about them? A computer has information about anyone you stumble upon. @MONTH1 You're not exercising, you're expanding your knowledge, aren't you. Yes, you can go to the library and pull out a book about this person. But what if the book doesn't have the information you're looking for? You can end up reading for hours when some of the information you want doesn't even exist. Your computer will give you everything you need in seconds. Why waste your time? Now is the time for our technology to advance. Why waste time on something when you have what you need at your fingertips? So what are you waiting for? Go and learn what you want now! Long time no see cousin? Start your computer and start talking. It's now!
Dear local newspaper editor, I think computers are good for us. Weither computers are helping kids research homework, projects, and papers, or building online stocks to help businesses grow. Computers are now a rewarding way of life. We can see what's going on on the other side of the world. And learn new things every day. I think people are focused on what they think computers do to people, but not really on how it helps us in so many ways. One of the ways people say computers affect people is that we don't exercise, we're attached to our computers. I suspect that not everyone loves or wants to work out with a computer that does this. And why computers stop people from doing it. It's people's choice, and computers don't force them to stay at home. A computer is a great way for you to connect with friends and family. It can be chatting online or even sharing photos. I highly doubt people will stop seeing their family because of the computer, it doesn't make any sense. People who oppose computers are giving people chairs or controlling them, which is stupid. If people do stop and take time to think; they have a chance to see how computers can help us grow as a nation. How well they use a computer and how much it helps them go beyond just searching through books for a lot of information. Over the years I can see tons of thinhs being run by computers and a lot of people are using them. In my opinion, it has affected our country in a good way. If not for computers that know how the country works. If computers have already had such a positive impact on our country, I can only imagine computers getting bigger and better in the years to come. So, as you can read, I give reasons for how computers can affect our lives. And how I think it's going to affect our lives bigger and better in the years to come. Now I can't force you to be for or against computers, but what is your opinion, think about a world without computers, especially if you grew up with them.
@ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 Computers are part of our advanced technology. They have a positive impact on people because computers make almost everything easier, they teach people stuff through tutorials or educational sites and @CAPS2 @CAPS3, and they keep people entertained in their spare time. Computers are getting more advanced every day, which is why I think people are so addicted to them, but they do have a positive impact. Computers have made things a lot easier for many people. If you really think about it, a lot of the things we use every day, like books, nice clothes, and music from the radio, wouldn't be here if it weren't for the computer. We're going to have to hand write those books and sew our clothes by hand. As for music, we just stomp and clap to make music. If the ancient Egyptians had computers, they would have built millions of @CAPS4. Our computers have programs like Microsoft that help me deftly do a major school assignment. Computers have a positive impact in this way. Every day after I finish my homework and turn on my computer, most adults think that everything we teens do on the computer is facebook and myspace. I admit that I visit these sites, but if I find that my grades are not the best, I visit sites that help me understand what I'm not getting. Ninety percent of the time my grades improve and I get satisfactory grades. I also taught my little cousin how to use a computer for addition and subtraction in preschool. Computers are helping schools teach students. In addition to education, computers allow us to be entertained by games such as virtual cards. When I turn on my computer, I might need to research something that interests me. Maybe I might be wondering when @LOCATION1 was invented or if the universe will stop. Maybe I don't want to watch @CAPS5 all day for fun. The computer will save me from being bored. When I use the computer, I am not addicted. In fact, it has a very positive effect on me. Yes, I might stay up for countless hours chatting with my friends on Facebook, but for me, it's part of being a kid. The next day I might learn something at school that I want to delve into. That's what computers are for. Without computers, we wouldn't have some of the knowledge that @CAPS1 has. In my opinion, their impact is the most positive impact on people.
Dear reader @ORGANIZATION1 local newspaper, I'm almost sure you interact with your computer every day. You use your computer to write, play games, look at pictures and print your work. There are dozens of @ORGANIZATION1 available for computers, but many people, especially children, use them excessively these days. This unnecessary use of @ORGANIZATION1 computers can lead to obesity, expose children to inappropriate things and ruin family time. Readers, listen to my argument, by the end @ORGANIZATION1 you will definitely agree with me that computers are bad for society. Have you done the @CAPS2 of @ORGANIZATION2 @CAPS1 to lose weight? It is not uncommon to set such goals. According to @ORGANIZATION2, @PERCENT1 @ORGANIZATION1 adults make their @CAPS2 @ORGANIZATION2 @CAPS1 to get in shape, exercise or lose weight. We've all seen ads on @CAPS4 encouraging you to "@CAPS5 @CAPS6!" @CAPS7 You too can "lose weight in a week"! There are plenty of @ORGANIZATION1 entrepreneurs out there who want to convince you to buy their exercise product @CAPS7, you can build amazing big muscles in "no time". But do all these and exercise programs really work? According to a study done by @ORGANIZATION1, the biggest cause of obesity in @ORGANIZATION1 is actually computers! The students at @LOCATION1 have a group of @ORGANIZATION1 people who try a regular commercial meal plan, while another group of @ORGANIZATION1 people do exactly what they've been doing...except their computers. They found that the group using the computer lost an average of almost @PERCENT2 compared to the group using the commercial diet! @LOCATION2 There is nothing in their computer that causes obesity. At @LOCATION2, a typical kid's family day goes like this: go to school, take the bus home, use the computer for dinner, do homework, go to bed. Unfortunately, these are happening @NUM1 days a week, and it's exercise time that computer time is consuming. Readers, try to avoid your computer for a week and you can forget about those jets. Another negative about the @ORGANIZATION1 computer is that it affects not only individuals, but potentially entire families! Many children can go all day without sitting down and talking to their parents. My friend @PERSON1 often wants to use his laptop straight from school without even saying hello to his parents. For most teenagers, computers are almost an addiction. @PERCENT3 @ORGANIZATION1 teens in @LOCATION2 say they use a computer every day and @PERCENT4 say they have trouble communicating with their parents. There is a direct link between teens' lack of @ORGANIZATION1 communication at home and computer use. Teenagers become their social lives and become their computers. What they didn't notice was that they completely forgot about their family! I know I made a mistake @ORGANIZATION1 relying too much on social media to remember my family, but luckily I have a stable family environment. Some teens don't have that luxury. Computers have the power to disrupt parent-child relationships, don't let that happen to you. Without a doubt, your child is the one most affected by this technological revolution. They probably have a keyboard at their fingertips since they were your kids. When parents teach them how to use a computer, do they realize what field they are getting their kids into. Children as young as @NUM2 or @NUM3 are exposed to pro-family and vulgar images on the web in so-called "safety terms". Do you even know who your kids are talking to on the computer? With all the @CAPS8 and emails flying around, you could be talking to a complete stranger without your knowledge. @ORGANIZATION1 A big part of the people your kids become and the values they hold is the product @ORGANIZATION1 they were exposed to @ORGANIZATION1 at a young age. Bring your kindergartener a computer and you can probably guess what they'll grow up with. No matter how much you think or believe about the safety of @ORGANIZATION1 computers, you can't deny the fact that computers expose children to adult content early in their lives. @CAPS7 Do you think differently about your computer @CAPS6? Faced with @ORGANIZATION1's concerns about the lack of @ORGANIZATION1 exercise, separating @ORGANIZATION1 families and mapping natural kids, do you really want your kids, or even you, to use a computer every day. Think @NUM4 years from @CAPS6. Would you say "I wish I used my computer" or "I wish I spent more time". In the end, the choice is really up to you.
In my opinion, having a computer is a good thing. So I think it's a good thing to have a computer because nowadays computers are very useful. There are also many people who are using the business there. My reasons are to find information, do homework, and chat with friends and family online. My first reason was to find information on the computer. If you have a thred report to do, it is best to use a computer to find the information, as it is easier and faster to do so. For example, using an internet will be faster than looking it up in a book. For that, if you were to look it up in a book, the interenant would take at least @NUM1 to @NUM2 minutes, it probably would take at least @NUM3 to @NUM4 minutes. My second reason is that you can talk to your friends and family online like one of your relatives lives far away like @LOCATION2 then you can talk to them on the phone or cell phone because the bill will Outrageous. Or, if you're talking to your friends online, you can ask them questions about homework or what is the homework? Like if you like @LOCATION1, you can chat with them online. My third reason is that you can even do your homework on a computer. If you have a history, you can get online books on the website instead of taking them to school and back home. Plus, you don't have to worry about taking your history books home, which makes it easier. For example, using the Internet will take less time, using a book will take @NUM5 to @NUM2 minutes using the computer, then using the book @NUM5 to @NUM8 minutes. In my conclusion, using a computer is very useful and very important these days. My three reasons are to find information, do homework, and chat with friends and family online. Even if people don't like computers or use them.
Dear newspaper @CAPS1, while computers have good effects on people, there are also many bad effects. Some of the main bad effects of computers on people are not exercising, being able to talk to strangers, and not interacting with family and friends. One of the effects of computers on people is the lack of exercise. One of the most important effects of a computer on a person is inactivity. Now a lot of people in @LOCATION1 are obese because they don't eat well and don't exercise. One of the problems is that these people don't' @CAPS2 get out of their computers and sofas. These people choose to stay indoors and do nothing but watch @CAPS2.V. Then on the computer. So computers have a big impact on the way these people live. Another problem caused by computers is children talking to strangers. Most kids in @LOCATION1 are members of social networks like @CAPS3 or @CAPS4. Some people visit these sites on their computers and pretend to be teenagers. This can cause trouble for many kids if they are not careful on these sites. Another bad effect of computers on people is that most people access these websites from their computers. Another bad effect is lack of interaction with family or friends. When people are on the computer, they focus on what's on the computer, not the environment around them. Using a computer prevents many people from interacting with family and friends. Not interacting with anyone causes their social skills to weaken because they are always on the computer. If a person is too addicted to computers, this can become a serious problem. This can lead to many problems in communication across the family, making the family weak. In conclusion, while computers have good effects on people, there are also many bad effects that can cause serious problems. Computers can cause tragedy in the family and/or in that person's life.
Dear local paper, I heard you think that computers have an impact on people. Would I disagree with what you said. I think computers will help us learn and do things faster. Having a computer helps the community learn more. My first reason is that I think we should keep the computer because it helps those who work with hand-eye coordination. With typing skills, you can work in the city of @LOCATION1 where they type and work hard every day. They also learn more and more facts about society. Not getting any first-class work without knowing how to type @MONTH1. The second, tell us the reason computers are useful is that it can help your child do better in school by learning how to type in high school, learning math, science, social studies, and language arts. Computers can also help younger kids do math and other things with their characters, like dora, @ORGANIZATION1, elmo, and more. So, studying on a computer can help you learn and have fun at the same time. I know your parents will love it. Even a newborn baby can learn how to read, write and do math and grow up to one day be president. My third reason is that it helps to send stuff around the world. Without computers, we would have to do it the old-fashioned way. Also, you can use your computer to talk to family members who are far away from you (in the state or country) and you haven't seen them in a long time. Or, you can chat with old school friends from the past. You can also buy things from your computer. In my conclusion, I tell you that computers can't influence people, that your kids can do better, and so can parents. I also add that it can help you get a job and help you with hand-eye coordination in and out of school. So computers help the community.
Do you think computers are good for us? I think they will. There are many ways computers can do things that don't benefit us, and they're much more useful than the ways they don't. Like kids at school using online textbooks. There are also many companies that have websites, so we can check what's there before choosing them. We also use computers to find directions to where we want to go so we don't get lost. Elementary school students benefit a lot from computers because they have to take a lot of books home, but they just go to the computer to get online books instead of taking home @NUM1 very heavy books. I know I prefer to use a computer rather than go home with a heavy book. Plus, when you're looking for a home decorator, you can just turn on your computer and look up a website to see some of the work they do. This helps because you don't have to go to the trouble of thinking the decorator is bad and end up spending a lot of money on a room you don't like. Also, if you're looking for a job, you can check out there websites on your computer and use them to see if you can get an interview, rather than wasting your nature going there. I also use computers to find a way to get somewhere, which is much easier than starting to drive and get lost. I still think computers benefit us in many ways. It's like using an online textbook instead of bringing home a bulky textbook. Also using a computer to find a website or search for an address, it is much easier to use a computer. That's why I think computers benefit us.
Dear News Times, I really think computers are a good thing because they allow you to talk to people online, they have ways or do things for others, people have to manage a lot of money and hills on computers. First they let you communicate with other people, you know what @PERCENT1 in the US has family in different states and never see them, well, that's when computers come in handy because computers have something called a d video chat , if you have a webcam you can talk to people from all over the world because you can see each other through the webcam, and there's something called @CAPS1 that lets you talk to people anytime, anywhere if they're online, I Mom got a @CAPS1 and now she's chatting she hasn't seen her since high school and she's excited to see her old friend again. Second, keep the computer away from people, for example, if you have an emergency, you can go to the computer and save it. It's like if you have an email, you can send an email, and then if you have an emergency, there's even a thing on the computer that can call someone or even call an emergency. @PERCENT2 in @LOCATION1 said a computer that many people think is from a computer. Third, computers help people pay bills and money. Did you know that @PERCENT3 people in the US pay bills and manage money on a computer. I know my parents do it and I know a lot of other people do it and if we don't pay the bills then we can't have a home or anything and that almost does require computers because if you don't have them people Not a penny. In conclusion, people do need computers because people love people they know, they help a lot of people in America, and in the end computers really help you manage money and bills, and everyone should have a computer because all of these are really good reason.
The world of @ORGANIZATION1, @PERCENT1 says computers are a great way to interact with people, learn about strangers and places, and see where your family comes from. So here I'm going to tell you a good reason why computers should stay in our society. How do you meet people from different countries? One way is to interact with different people around the world. I say this because the internet has many benefits in meeting people. One way is to create a specific account where you can meet targets or people on different accounts. Another way is to visit a website where you can make friends with people from different parts of the world. The last way is to download something where they can send instant messages to people all over the world. Do you have a project that allows you to learn about another country or another explorer? Then you can use the computer to get to know the place or the person. I say this because it will help with all the work we do for the school. Computers also help you with schoolwork by helping you with homework. I say this because no one is home and when you get home from school no one will help you with your homework, there is a website you can use to help you better understand the material. Do you know where your family is from? One way you can find out where your family is from through a website is to use a website to find out where your family is from. For example, @LOCATION1 is a useful site to find out who they really are in life, if they fought in war. You can find it all on your computer. Another way is that you can ask your parents for someone's name and enter the name in google.com. There are many reasons why we should keep computers, but here are a few, interacting with people, learning about other places and learning about families. I hope you understand this better.
Dear local paper, computers are a big thing these days. Almost everyone has one they use. But why some people think it is hurting our society. It's not right because you need it to educate, people aren't working all day, and jobs. So how can these things be harmful to society. Your right they can't. Everyone has some kind of education. But how can you get an education without a computer. If you are working and need another degree for your work. You can't go during the day, so you can find a school with all online education and go at night. That way you don't miss work and you can still go to school. Another reason is a school project or thesis. You may need a computer to search the content of the item. Or quote your magic. If you needed to write an essay, here's how you would do it. No computer no education, you go to work @CAPS1 or somewhere else. Where you don't need education. But people don't work all day, so what are the implications for society. Nothing at all. Children and adults alike go out to play. They check email, play games, check facebooks/myspaces on their computer. But they are responsible enough to get out and get some fresh air. If they sit on the side, it's not your problem because it's their life and they want to live it their way. Not everyone wants them the way they do it. They can make choices for themselves and don't need others to do it for them. So it really shouldn't affect you. What if you need the internet at work? Most office workers have a computer that they can use to chat with others or solve problems via email. People who work at approx. need a computer to access your account to get your money. Someone estimating the cost of a building needs it to add something or keep records. Video games are a good example because programmers use computers to program what you want to happen in the game and it takes hours to do it. So what harm does computers do to society, because I still don't see it. Education, people don't work all day, work is a good reason why computers should be accepted. Therefore, I strongly advise everyone to reconsider what would happen without a computer.
Let's go back to @NUM1 years ago. Those days can take weeks to communicate with out-of-state families. The days when knowledge could only be found in books, and often slowly. In those days, everything was done with a lack of speed and precision. Computers changed all that. With the tap of a finger, we can communicate with people all over the world or find some known information online. Relatives of people at @PERCENT1 live outside of their state. I can connect with @NUM2 cousins in @LOCATION2 and @NUM2 in @LOCATION1. Without these instant messages and emails, we would probably talk to them once, or even twice a year! Some say computers allow people to spend less time interacting with family and friends. For me personally and for many others I know, interaction would not be possible without these modern manuals. Owns all @LOCATION1 technology. Nothing surprises me more than a webcam. You can use this tool to talk face to face with people on the other side of the world! The world is a better place when we can have real connections with other cultures, and what better way to talk to them than to talk to them. @NUM4 something that people thought impossible 4 years ago, we can use right away, but there are still a lot of people who don't appreciate it. Both my @CAPS1 and my @CAPS2 use the internet to reunite with old school friends, or see how far friends are from us. These are adults, using the tools available to improve their lives. The internet goes beyond teens on @CAPS3 and @CAPS4. What you can find online still amazes me. Information you can get from @NUM2 non-function books you can find on the internet for a few minutes in turn. Any questions, including personal ones, can be answered. Years ago, people would kill for that kind of power, because the average man could get everything he needed. I understand people's point about needing excersize and they are right. But in five minutes on the web, you can plan a workout with modern technology and style. Computers can provide anyone with anything. Find some places to enjoy nature and @ORGANIZATION1. There will be thousands of results in seconds. Missing dictionary? There are literally hundreds of websites where definitions can be found online. People take these machines for granted and think we can live without them, but I doubt they realize we really need them. The technology is there. Why not use it? I would never turn down an opportunity to talk to a distant cousin or another kid from a different country. I couldn't pass up a chance to see some old friends who moved away. Thanks to the computer, I had this opportunity. I have this opportunity. I was shown an open door to find out everything I wanted. One cannot know everything. But these days, he can find everything. I'm not sure if computers have changed the direction of technological progress, but I can tell you that it does offer courses.
@CITY1 @CAPS1: I believe (currently) that computers are a good thing for our society. Where they let you see. If you are in a long distance relationship you can talk to them and they have a lot of excesses. What if you are looking for a new home? You can use Google to search for a home for sale in a certain location. Then find someone to ship your stuff at a reasonable price. There are many websites on your computer that you can visit when looking for that special place. Computers are also handy when you go on vacation. You can check the weather at that time. If you're going somewhere, you can use your computer to find the plane. When it comes to places, computers are helpful! The extra stuff on your computer is endless. One of the big excesses that people like to do is gaming. Games are great to get your mind off the ground. Hand-eye coordination is required at almost all levels. For example, @ORGANIZATION1. You need to remove all tiles before time runs out! Games are fun if you're bored. I think the game is overkill. Some people have long distance relationships, right? Well, if you have a computer, you can go online. It takes the load off a lot of people when they know you're not there. If you have email, you can chat with friends you didn't meet at school. Computers are useful. As you can see, I said a lot of good reasons. Superfluous, "talk" to people. There are places. Many people use computers in their daily lives. Computers are awesome!
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1's take on the impact of computers on people is that computers are used for the wrong reasons. Teens should exercise outdoors or hang out with friends and family. But instead, they are addicted to the World Wide Web, games and websites. So the concept of computers and web surfing is bad because it consumes a lot of energy from kids and because educational computers can give wrong information. Until recently @DATE1, @ORGANIZATION3 laptops and desktops @CAPS2 didn't seem to exist in @CAPS1, which would have been better. For example. Today, teenagers and even adults use computers more than they should. Middle and high school students at this age should focus on their grades and theirs. But instead, they are so obsessed with @CAPS3, @CAPS4, and @CAPS5 that they forget about their academics and priorities, and their grades start slip. Even sudlts have this problem. For example, business people, accountants and assistants check their emails all the time. Also, people who work at their desks or in the kitchen all day are almost always on the computer. In other words, I think work should reduce the number of workers using computers, and family homes should reduce the amount of time each member spends online. Another reason I think computers have bad effects on people is because computers can give false information. For example, people can find out what they think about an idea on sites like wikipedia and @ORGANIZATION2. If a student is working on a project or just doing homework and decides to surf the web for some @ORGANIZATION2 or they don't know if their information is correct. I believe this means that the internet and the web are not going to beat books or history. In conclusion, computer has a bad effect on people because it consumes the minds of children and teenagers, people use the internet too much because educational computers sometimes give false information.
I think computers are great. A computer is a great way to get new pol online.
Dear Newspaper @CAPS1 I think computers have both positive and negative effects on people. On the one hand, you don't need to go there to learn about the place and see what's going on in the area, such as food, goods, and jobs. On the other hand, the computer can also be a problem as kids may spend a lot of time chatting or playing on the computer and not enough time to go out or play sports, but sometimes talking to people on the computer can happen badly matter. Some people on the computer are not always what they say they are. So if I had to choose whether the computer was helpful or not, I would choose not to. Computers are not very helpful, because @NUM1 littul errors on a computer can do a lot of bad things like typing your name, address, or picktur on a computer.
Dear @CAPS1, I @CAPS2 Computers are good for society. First, it will teach you social skills. Second, computers can help you learn new things online. Finally, the computer also teaches you hand-eye coordination. Below, you'll see why my @CAPS2 computer is good for society. First, computers are good for society because they teach you the social skills you need. On your computer, you can interact with other people from all over the world and make new friends. So you can learn about their culture and what they are doing in their own country. Additionally, you can talk and interact with family members who do not live with you or are not currently with you. As you can see, the computer has its benefits because it can teach you social skills. Second, its benefit to society is that people can learn online. For example, if you don't already know how to use a computer, you can learn how to use a computer. Also, you can play online learning games for free or buy @CAPS3 which has more study options. Another example is that you can look up recent or past events you want to know about and research them. As you can see, computers are good for society because you can learn all types of things online. Finally, what good is a computer because it teaches you hand-eye coordination. For example, you can find all types of games that use hand-eye coordination with a mouse and keyboard. Also, if you just want to kill time, you can use your computer for entertainment by chatting with other people and playing games. Believe it or not, you can find jobs that use a computer a lot for these jobs, because you can see that a computer has its benefits, as it teaches you hand-eye coordination and provides you with some free time entertainment. In conclusion, computers have their benefits for social communities. First, it helps you learn social skills. Next, if you're not the one who ends up paying the internet bill, you can study any topic online for free and it benefits you by teaching you hand-eye coordination. As you can see, I @CAPS2 believe that computers benefit society in many ways.
Dear newspaper, computers are not a terrible thing. They help many people in different ways like @CAPS1, teachers, students, scientists and local people with their work and daily life. Didn't the computer help you today? Because of this, computers help us learn, keep in touch with people, and are our future. Who says using a computer can't interact with your family? Well, I can tell you that I'm keeping in touch with my grandmother, cousins, and auntie via email. Using email, you can check the news or simply write to friends and family! Also, if you're planning to visit your dear family, don't worry that the map will always hit your face and you just "happen" to get lost, try the @ORGANIZATION1 map and plan the shortest route without getting lost along the way. A computer can do more than just create a simple map, it can give you valuable information! Many schools across the country use computers to help teach children. Kids can find @LOCATION1 and get all the information they need in @NUM1 seconds! In most school essays, you must enter and provide the website you used to complete the essay. Another benefit is that you don't need to read a lot of books for a small piece of information. Much more convenient, check it on the computer. Speaking of getting information without using big books, computers without paper, will lead us to a healthier tomorrow! Millions of tons of paper go to landfill every day! By using a computer, we can read online and save paper! Another wonderful fact is that computers will be developed in the future. People have created touch screen computers, and there will be more and more of them! Many people think that using a computer is a bad thing, but look at the facts! Aren't newspapers written on a computer? If they don't, they'll have hand cramps all the time ! What if all of these files weren't lost, what if the doctors didn't have your medical history on their computers! Just like in the beginning, computers help us learn, keep in touch with people, are our future.
Typing and surfing @MONTH1 is exciting; but is the @CAPS1 risk that exists now worth it? Before computers were discovered, humans were three times as healthy as they are today. Computers are useful, @MONTH1 has some benefits; on the other hand, they are harmful and shouldn't be used very often. They have unprofessional websites, they are not helpful when it comes to exercise, and they disturb the privacy of @CAPS1 individuals. @CAPS1 Kids are allowed to use computers every day and they want to know what @ORGANIZATION1 has to offer to access the internet. As a result, kids end up on sites that are not suitable for them. In fact, @PERCENT1 @ORGANIZATION1 kids go to non-professional sites, @PERCENT2 @ORGANIZATION1 they have no parental vision in @LOCATION1. So @CAPS1 kids are doing great at home and at school. However, children are not the only ones affected by this. The computer has a disadvantage @ORGANIZATION1 was hacked or infected with a virus from an uncensored website. Additionally, the computer crashes or does not allow the use of @ORGANIZATION1 computer files because of @ORGANIZATION1 these viruses. Obesity and lack of @ORGANIZATION1 movement have skyrocketed in one's schedule since @ORGANIZATION2 was invented. A scientist named @PERSON1 from @ORGANIZATION1 said, "@CAPS1 computer users have lost muscle use, but they have gained more fat than @MONEY1 @ORGANIZATION1, causing a lot of @ORGANIZATION1 hem to be unable to perform their activities before Did." I believe it's absolutely true because I remember the same thing happened to my sister. She eats more and spends more time working out on the computer than on her body. I know @CAPS1 says that computers help with hand-eye coordination, but is it really worth more than a healthy body? @CAPS1 Things that are sold on the internet are not in stores, but you don't trust the internet when buying these products. You don't trust the internet because you hear a lot about someone's identity or money taken from them.
Dear local paper, computers are having a detrimental effect on children and they will have an even bigger impact on the @CAPS1 generation. Computers can be used in moderation, as can most things. If school projects require them, that's fine, but using a computer every day instead of exercising isn't an option. Proponents of the technology say computers have a positive impact. I have to disagree. They say they practice hand-eye coordination, they can teach you about faraway places, you can talk to people online. Exercise is a great way to develop hand-eye coordination. Tennis, baseball , basketball, hockey, etc. are all good sports to exercise hand-eye coordination. They are healthier and I've been following your friends all day. You sit on your butt all day and scream at your mom for a drink or dinner. "The @CAPS1 generation is becoming dependent." said @PERSON1, my @NUM1-level @CAPS2 teacher. How can you support your family when you're older if you can't get up from your computer. "@CAPS3 A family is hard," my mom told me, "your family needs food, which means someone needs to work and someone needs to get food. It takes a lot of time and effort." I agree with my mom, Having a job and @CAPS3 a family is easier if you practice simple things like going out for an hour a day as a kid. Instead of scouring the internet for a house to find a good online resource to support your thesis, go to the library! The Internet is a truly new data foundation. However, it has grown a lot. You can't always trust internet sources. @MONTH1 Whoever posted this site is probably insane. Plus websites are full of viruses, what happens when your computer dies from a virus and you actually need your computer for a school project? An easy option is to go to your local library and look up a variety of books. These books are trustworthy and full of information. The internet is also not a very safe place. Facebook, Aim, email, Twitter, etc. are all ways that people communicate through computers. Facebook, aim and twitter are scary and insecure because you @MONTH1 don't know who you're talking to. They do have a profile that you @MONTH1 can relate to, but they may be lying. "The Internet is a vast space open to strangers," my father said. For the specific reasons I mentioned earlier, I am not allowed to communicate using these methods. My parents did this to protect me and I agree with their decision. Instead of talking to complete strangers, go to your friend's house. Your friends are people you want to talk to and spend time with. Overall, computers are a strange technology that can be unsafe, unreal, and force children to become more dependent on adults. I have to disagree with the proponents of technology. There are many healthy alternatives to computers. I trust experts who worry that people spend so much time on the computer that they spend less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. The alternatives I mentioned earlier not only keep people safe, but also practice healthier lifestyles. It's important to stay healthy because ultimately that's everyone's goal.
Dear local paper, I think computers are good for society. This is so because computers teach hand-eye coordination, enable people to understand distant places, enable people to talk to others individually, and computers help make better technology. I believe that computers have a positive impact on people. The first reason why computers have a positive impact on people is because computers teach hand-eye coordination, enabling people to understand distant places. @NUM1 out of @NUM2 students use computers for homework. I was visiting a tip last week. I don't know much about @LOCATION1, so when I'm on the computer, you know I know more about @LOCATION1 and the computer where I got an A+. So computers have a positive impact on people. The next reason why computers have a positive impact on people is because computers allow people to talk to other people online. Suppose a man wants one and he leaves his cell phone at home, how would he explain to his family why he has a computer and he can talk to his family online. My family is back at @LOCATION1 and I haven't seen them in 4 years so I want to go to the store and buy a wedding so I can see my family in 4 years. So computers do have a positive effect on people. The last reason I think computers are good for society is because computers help make better technology. Computers help people make better cars, lights, and more. A society without computers is because computers help soldiers win wars and even help people live. My father would die without a computer, my father would die because of a computer, and I have a father today. At the end of the day, the three reasons why computers are good for society is that computers teach hand-eye coordination, enabling people to see distant places, computers allow people to talk to other people online, and computers help people make better technology. Taking time to enjoy nature is better for good computers and good for society. I hope my three reasons will convince the local newspapers to agree with my position that computers have a positive impact on people.
Students @ORGANIZATION2: @PERSON1 @CAPS1: @NUM1 @CAPS2: @NUM2 @CAPS3 @ORGANIZATION2: @ORGANIZATION2: @ORGANIZATION1: @LOCATION1 @CAPS4: @NUM3 @CAPS5 @ORGANIZATION2: @CAPS6 @CAPS7 of @CAPS8 @CAPS9 @LOCATION1 Newspapers, I think we should have computers because I will help us meet new people, see new places, and learn new things. It will help us meet new people because we can email them and chat with them on the show. It will also help us see new places as we have access to the internet. and look up at the place. It will also help us learn new things because we can talk to people and they can give us some ideas about what to learn. It will help us all because we want to learn new things, talk to new people and see new places. This is a good idea for all of us. We can all benefit from it because it's a good thing for everyone. I think we should have a computer because it helps us meet new people, see new places and learn new things. This is a good thing for everyone. Not just some people. I hope you will consider this letter. Because it will help everyone learn new things.
I think computers are terrible because people use them all the time to access facebook and other sites that sometimes waste time. People shouldn't use the computer very often, go out to explore, go for a walk, explore the woods, exercise Most people don't get as much exercise as they need because there are computers out there. People appear to stop making computers, so fewer people continue to use them, so people can exercise more and lose weight. If people stop making computers, some people stop using bad weddings. People should only do project research or homework on a computer, such as typing paper. Parents and kids need to exercise to stay healthy, because people don't die when they're young, exercise is very important so nothing bad happens to your body, people need to stay healthy and exercise. All the computer deos clutter your brain so you don't exercise. So put down the computer and exercise, get outside and explore, go for a walk, and explore the woods where you never know what you'll find in the woods. Go see what you can find. You will find some interesting things like different kinds of bugs and insects. You might even spot a ladybug. There are many types of bees, and you may find one that looks very similar. So go out and explore you never know what you might find. Go for a walk and you never know what you will find, different kinds of houses and house colors, different kinds of front doors, different kinds of houses like small, medium and large. Some houses will have different colors. Different kinds of animals like dogs and cats at the window or outside. You should go out and hang out. You should hang out with family, friends or both and see different things in nature. Allows you to talk about pictures and make scrapbooks from pictures. Go into the woods and wake up. Go out and work out and you'll think to yourself, I should go out and work out more than at the computer because I have more fun with friends and family, and I work out at the same time instead of going to the computer. Also, computers are getting boring.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1's opinion on the impact of computers on people is that computers have a good impact. It is conducive to the exercise and communication of educational thinking around the world. @CAPS2 can be bad because it prevents you from exercising, spending time with your family, and staying healthy. But I still think there are ways to use a computer without bad reasons. Some of the ways computers are good for you is that you get a better education when you have a website with so much information. Sometimes the information is empty, but if you find the website you can get the ritual information. With all this information, you can exercise your mind and do better in life. You can @CAPS2 talk to people on the other side of the world and get more information from them. If I were to say the computer is bad for you, I'd say it keeps you from getting enough exercise or any exercise. Computers @MONTH1 are the reason there are so many obese people in @LOCATION1 @CAPS2, because computers use so many people separated from their families and into different fantasy worlds, some people will make you addicted to them. And staying on the computer for too long can cause problems. You could be injured by sitting for too long at a time. Prolonged computer use @CAPS2 can cause eye problems, you'll start going blind, and you'll need to wear glasses that get thicker as you stare at the computer screen for hours and days on end. But even though computers cause so many problems, we can prevent them by using computers to help us. People don't get enough exercise, but with the help of computers, they can @CAPS2 find out when and how to exercise so they can stay fit. They can @CAPS2 find out how much time they should spend on the computer to prevent vision loss or worse. Some people live far away from their families, so computers can really help them stay connected and be able to see each other. In conclusion, I think computers are more beneficial than harmful because they give you a lot of information about everything and you can communicate with people all over the world. A computer can help you prevent things that are bad for you by showing you ways to use your computer that won't harm you.
Dear newspaper, I hear you are discussing whether the increasing use of computers is good for society. I believe @CAPS4 has a negative impact on people. They can interact with insecure people, they spend less time exercising, and they have more trouble than before. Spending more time, surfing the internet in chat rooms exposes people to predators. Take my friend @PERSON5, she was online one day when a guy started talking to her. When he said he was @NUM1 and a model, she thought he seemed okay with it. She flirted with him day in and day out until one day her friend logged in and found out that this man is really @NUM2 and a pervert. @PERSON5 @CAPS1 The only @NUM4 people that happened to @NUM3 people said in the chat they got scammed like this. Web designer @PERSON2 says, "Every day more and more people get into trouble for @CAPS5 lying about, like being asked to see this person." @CAPS1 The saying "@CAPS2 talking to strangers?" Spend all your time in On the computer means less exercise time. In triputs, the girl @PERSON4 isn't big enough to keep up with the players. Instead of being our practitioner like the rest of us, she was chatting on Facebook from her house. She wasn't ready when @CAPS4 came, it's time to show what you have, so she didn't make it to the softball team. The following year, she became captain as she went out to train every day before the big day. She's not the only one with a laziness problem. @NUM5 out of every @NUM6 Americans are couch potatoes who choose to go online rather than stay in shape. Nutritionist @PERSON1 said, "This generation is worse than the last. They complain when they can't do something, but that's because they're not out, they're watching @CAPS3 or surfing the net." @CAPS4 Breathe fresh Air, what do you have to get out of? Kids seem to have far more trouble online than they do on the street. They're out there posting threats, slandering each other, sending personal messages or pictures, and worst of all, sometimes hurting someone so much that they kill themselves a year later. Neighbors are more popular than this lady's daughter, so she created this Neighbor's Love Online. Online 'guys' started making the teenage girl so bad that she ended up hanging herself. People including singer @ORGANIZATION1 have been involved in sexting. Embarrassing, inappropriate and illegal @CAPS4 but @CAPS4 still happens. These people are not alone. @NUM3 of @NUM4 are in big trouble with @CAPS5. Governor @PERSON3 said, "@CAPS5 and cell phones are destroying society. There's too much drama in real life." @CAPS6 Don't you see what's wrong with all this? My take on @CAPS4 all is that we should use less computers until we start interacting with people who will scare us, turn into couch potatoes, and get into huge trouble. @CAPS4 It's really not worth being scared, hurt, lazy or suicidal.
Dear newspaper, computers are everywhere in our country. We have them at home, @ORGANIZATION1 or at work. Many people think that computers are bad for our health or that we don't spend enough time with our families. But I disagree. Computers that teach hand-eye coordination allow us to see faraway places and allow us to chat with other people online. Have you ever had problems with hand-eye coordination? Sometimes mine is ridiculous! But when I use a computer it gets better. Experts say @PERCENT1 has more hand-eye coordination due to computer use. A teacher at @ORGANIZATION1 said: "@CAPS1 students have been working on computers for about two months and I have seen incredible improvements in their hand-eye coordination." I agree with these experts . So many people with computers now pass the hand-eye coordination test! When I grow up and get rid of high levels soon @ORGANIZATION1 I want to travel the world. But first I want to understand where I am going. That's what makes computers so useful. I just click a button and the internet takes me to hundreds of sites where I can learn all about the places I want to go. @CAPS2 time @CAPS1 Parents told me we were going to @LOCATION1 that day. So the night before I did a lot of research on different shops, museums and places to eat. Computers have helped me a lot and I don't know where to go if we don't have @CAPS2. President @PERSON1 said: "@CAPS2 I had a big meeting at @LOCATION3 once and I didn't know anything about it. So I logged into my computer and it brought me a million pages about their culture, language, etc. etc. If I didn't have a computer, I don't know what I would do." I love chatting with friends from @CAPS1. But once I get home, I don't have any @CAPS1 friends around, so I don't have anyone to talk to. It's even worse if I don't have a phone available either. But if I keep using the computer, I can talk to a bunch of @CAPS1 friends. I can use the @CAPS1 webcam to see who I'm talking to, or I can go to another website for instant messages. I love chatting online because the whole word @CAPS1's best friend has moved to @LOCATION2 so I can't talk to her too much. But if I go to an instant messaging site, then I can talk to her however I want. @NUM1 of @NUM2 people said in a survey that they have someone they talk to over the internet. So I say computers are important in our society. It helps with many tasks. They teach hand-eye coordination, enable people to see faraway places, and even allow people to talk to friends and family online. So I don't think computers are bad for us or our health. I think they are important and needed.
Dear editor of @ORGANIZATION1. I believe that computers are good for the future. The world has made a lot of technology with the technology out there. I know it's bad not to spend time exercising, but learning new things can't be that bad. If humans don't have technology, some of us don't have heat or fresh water. We use computers in our lives. Computers are great for people who use them to understand the world. Some people with distant friends can use a computer to talk to them. Even people who can't speak use computers to speak for them. @ORGANIZATION2 uses computers to save lives. Computers save lives in so many ways, think if they all disappeared, we could all start dying. Without any computers, we use computers in hospitals, it would take a long time to find a cure for something, and people could die. Suppose someone has a fever that looks like a normal fever and you just say they are. Two days later, they died because they had some kind of disease, and no one knew until it was too late. We use computers to purify water. We use computers to keep warm in winter. We even use computers in libraries, why libraries. Some people who are sick and can't speak have these little computers where you can type something in and it will speak. Most people use some kind of computer to talk, chat, and text. They may find it easier to use a computer. The world is big, and many people know very little about it. But if you go online, you'll find things you @MONTH1 never knew, just obviously didn't. Children even use computers at school and at school work. So many people rely on technology to get through life there. Computers even help someone like me who broke his arm at school and had to do some testing on the computer. like me. A lot of stuff in the military, air force and @ORGANIZATION3 is now computerized. The military uses thermal sights on guns and tanks so people can be identified even in the wildest weather. It can even find wounded soldiers. Computers are even used there to make better bulletproof vests so they will save more lives in war. The Air Force uses computers to talk to people on the ground so they can protect them. They now have planes that can be flown by people from afar, saving lives there even if they are shot down. It also allows them to see people hiding and they can tell people on the ground to keep a low profile or whatever. @ORGANIZATION3 Use radar to see if any ships or submarines are approaching nearby, and be prepared in the event of a possible attack. We use it to help other advancements in the future, and we'll soon have a computer that can help people in remote areas, like places with higher poverty rates. Computers save lives, facilitate communication, and are a great way to do research. Computers are what we use to live, and we need them to survive.
Some "experts" have been warned that people should be spending too much time on the computer. However, look at all the advantages of computers. You can develop better hand-eye coordination skills, surf the web with friends/family who may live hundreds of miles away, and you can learn about cultures around the world with people who live in those countries without ever leaving home. In my opinion, computers in general are good for society, helping us learn more and more every day. First, there are many skills you can develop on a computer. For example, children gain a sense of time awareness and hand-eye coordination while playing interactive, fast-paced games. Not to mention, with new advancements in technology, people can now go to college without leaving their homes, and at a much lower price, while still getting a good education. Many people even work from home thanks to their computers. These are still just a few of the many skills that can be learned on a computer. Second, why buy a rather expensive ticket to a faraway country, exchange all your money for their money there, go through the hassle of luggage, etc. When is it possible to simply go online and look it up on a computer? You can go online and find recipes, languages, pictures, people in some countries without having to go there. Not to mention, for kids who aren't old enough to @LOCATION1, or have to report on it, they don't have to go through countless textbooks, newspapers, libraries, but go online, @CAPS1 their country, they have to, if not All the information they need is there. So not only will you get information, then you will learn first, thus expanding your knowledge. Finally, the Internet helps people connect. Since people started using programs like @ORGANIZATION1 and facebook, more families living in different countries were able to reconnect and get to know one-the other, says @CAPS2.SA or leading experts at home security agencies. For example, if you have an uncle who lives in @LOCATION1, you can buy cameras for your computers, install them, and meet/talk face to face in minutes. I think it's better than simply writing to them because it's faster and you can get in touch more. The same is true if a friend or you moves away but want to keep in touch. A quick Facebook account or @ORGANIZATION1 and you are still great friends. So all in all, yes, computers do benefit society because they help teach people skills, learn about distant cultures/far countries, and connect people who may live in different countries. I don't see any problem with these socially beneficial factors. So yes, computers have a positive effect on people.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 A world full of giant people sitting in front of monitors with their eyes staring blankly at it. The streets outside the city were deserted, save for squirrels running along the fence posts. This happens if people spend a lot of time on the computer. People will spend less time exercising, spending less time outdoors enjoying nature, and spending less time interacting with family and friends. This is why computers have a huge negative impact on people. First, people spend a lot of time on their computers and a small amount of exercise time. In a recent poll conducted by @ORGANIZATION3 Magazine, it showed that @PERCENT1, between the ages of @NUM1 and @NUM2, prefers the Internet to exercising outdoors. That post also noted that childhood obesity has increased @PERCENT2 since @DATE3! According to @PERSON2 of @ORGANIZATION1 of @ORGANIZATION4, “The reason childhood obesity is increasing so much is that children spend too much time in front of the computer and less time outdoors. Do you expect this rate to increase in the next decade? Secondly, spending so much time indoors reduces the time you spend outdoors enjoying nature. As people are no longer interested in nature, the monthly subscriptions for @DATE1 have decreased. At @PERSON1 and his colleagues at @ORGANIZATION2 In a study done, @CAPS2 of @CAPS3 spent almost @PERCENT3 more time indoors in front of electronic devices (most commonly computers), then they did it outdoors. @PERSON3 said, "@CAPS4 Given that With new advancements in technology, people are spending more time indoors than outdoors, and that percentage is likely to increase as the decade progresses.” In the end, spending so much time in front of a computer reduces the amount of time you spend with family and friends Time to interact. In @DATE4, more than @PERCENT4's family eats together now, only @PERCENT5 usually eats together because they are in different rooms in front of the monitors. This also leads to higher crime rates, believe it or not. Because young children and teens don't have someone to support and guide them, because they don't spend time together @CAPS4 frequent computer use, compared to @PERCENT7 the likelihood of child offending has the same chance as @PERCENT6 kids on @DATE5. You Want our youth? Now @CAPS1 is a world where people are jogging together in the park, and as they jog, they see a group of bird watchers huddled under a tree. As the joggers go, they come A gazebo to see an extended family celebrating a family member's @DATE2. Happy thoughts if people spend too much time on the computer and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and less time interacting with family and friends It won't become a reality. So local paper I encourage you, encourage others, get out more and spend less time in front of the computer. You have the power to change your real life. But the question is, do you want to?
Dear @CAPS1 Newspaper, @CAPS2 While computers have many advantages, they also have many disadvantages. I believe that today's computers and technology have many positive and negative characteristics. Some of the disadvantages are that it's bad for your eyes, not spending too much time with family and exercising, and rarely using the outdoors. Yes, I know computers are very useful, but they can also damage your eyesight. In case you haven't noticed, more and more kids are wearing glasses and contact lenses due to @CAPS2's use of staring at screens. I know more than @NUM1 kids now wear glasses and I know I know more than @NUM2 parents now wear glasses for the same exact reason. Using these computers is great for finding your home, but if you're on it for more than an hour or @NUM3 a day, you might get addicted to it and you'll end up losing your sight. Children typically spend about @NUM3 or @NUM5 hours a night on their laptops, or maybe an hour with their family if parents are lucky. Personally, I feel that technology is the reason for less connection between parents and children. @CAPS2 kids continue to use @CAPS3 or @CAPS4 on pc and talk to friends they see on eceryday so I can't find their friends, mostly girls but since you see them why not talk to them at school Chat @NUM6 hours per day. The use of technology has been abused! Computers were invented for knowledge not ugly "web chats" or "@CAPS4 pages". The world will be happier and mentally healthy if we stick to the original idea of technology. Now that kids don't even take brisk steps outside the bedroom after school, it doesn't make sense! Most people even eat in their rooms so they can talk to people. So this takes parents' time away from their children. Now that you've read what I have to say about technology now, do you agree that it just takes time away from your real life? I think so, and I hope you agree with me.
Dear Newspaper @CAPS1, I believe computers are good for society because @CAPS2 and most of students' learning is done online. We spend most of our time with family and friends, so we want a little time for ourselves. We learn more on the computer because it has a lot of facts. After reading this article, I hope you will agree with my position. @CAPS2 Students keep most of their notes on their laptops and learn on the computer what they do in class. @CAPS6 They need to find something for their history class with internet. High @CAPS3 @CAPS4 don't like going to the library so they find the source on the internet. So @CAPS6 a student has a project due and the teacher wants it neat and the computer will write the project neatly. Computer/Internet has become an important source of learning in our society, don't you agree? We spend most of our time with our family @CAPS7 instead of our friends coming over. Go out and play with them, sit down and play a game. Our family we have that little time to ourselves computers won't hurt anyone. We don't forever search for useful things on our friends or @CAPS5 We talk to our family @CAPS6 We go online and search they can't dismiss. People countries see @CAPS7 enough to access @CAPS7 they want that country where they need the latest resources. Computers are constantly updated with new facts about everything. I hope after reading this article you will agree with my position. For the most part, everyone has a computer and it doesn't affect many people's lives. Computers are an important resource for the public. People want to meet new people, so they do it with computers, so students want to get good grades on these projects, so they want to present it well. I believe it is a very good choice to agree with you.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, @CAPS4 Did you know that @PERCENT1 people today use computers for essential reasons? @CAPS5 is true! @CAPS5 In fact, computers can help you keep in touch with friends, get the latest news, and even give you access to maps. Let me tell you some important facts about computers. Of course, we all have friends in different cities and/or states! Instead of overcharging for phone calls, many keep in touch via email. Email is high tech and super easy! All you need is your friend's email address and you can send them anything from friendly greetings to photos of @CAPS1 family members. Teenagers love to chat with their friends and they can get to know each other better through the computer. Sites like facebook are certainly popular with this generation of teens. Interesting information makes everything so beautiful. Remember all the available ways to connect with friends and see why computers are so good. Every time I log into my computer, I can see the latest news updates! I remember going on and seeing some news about my favorite band breaking up. Thanks to the computer, I read all about @CAPS5 and I'm so glad I saw this because if I hadn't, I wouldn't have seen their last concert. While I understand that computer @MONTH1 is not the healthiest activity, @CAPS5 is definitely a good source of news, everyone reads the news, whether @CAPS5 is political or about celebrities. Exercising is just as important to understand what's going on in our country right now, so I'll be the first to support computers having a positive impact on people today. Have you ever been lost? Maybe you didn't write down the right direction, or don't remember. Book your route on your computer next time! @CAPS5 is very helpful and can really save you the trouble. There are many websites that have maps that you can print out, such as map quest. @CAPS5 is an easier and clearer way to see exactly where you need to go. In my opinion @CAPS5 can help a lot and @CAPS5 would be the right idea to cheer on @CAPS5 today. Imagine all the places you can go just by getting a map online! Keep that in mind, this is one of the many great things about computers. Now that you know some good things about computers, remember how they can benefit you! Being able to chat with friends is one of the best! Don't forget to hear the latest news, and finally, never get lost again, just print a map. Without a doubt, in my opinion, computers have a very positive effect on everyone! Now is the time to go out and buy yourself a computer!
Dear newspaper, I think computers are good for many things, useful for everything. I believe in this as new and exciting @CAPS1 and websites are created every year to make life easier. For example, "@CAPS2" is a way to communicate with friends and family. For me, I have family out of state and I'm happy as I continue @CAPS2 and talk to them. Or, I can talk to friends after a long day studying. Another example is "youtube". On youtube, they have videos with step-by-step instructions on how to show you anything, even news and music entertainment. Other @CAPS1 favorite words to help you set up your writing essays and @CAPS4 stories. On powerpoint, it lets you make slideshow videos for school projects for presentations. Even excel, you can make charts and anything imaginable. Let's not forget @ORGANIZATION1. When you need information about people, places or things, @ORGANIZATION1 is here to help. By using @ORGANIZATION1 it can help you when you need information from other @CAPS1 like words etc. See, computers help everyday life in everyday life.
The question is do computers have a positive impact on society? Yes, computers have undoubtedly had a positive impact on society. Computers teach hand-eye coordination, enable people to understand distant people and places, and allow people to converse with others online. Computers have had a positive impact on people. First, computers teach human hand-eye coordination. I mean, computers help people learn how to use their eyes and hands at the same time. A survey by @PERSON3 showed that @NUM1 out of @NUM2 people have better hand-eye coordination using a computer, while they don't use a computer. "It's a great discovery that people using computers are more coordinated than anyone else," said Prof @PERSON1. You @MONTH1 think computers make you less coordinated But computers do help people with hand-eye coordination. All in all, the more you learn to use a computer, the better your hand-eye coordination will be. Second, computers enable people to learn about distant places and people. I mean, a computer can help you learn about the faraway @CAPS3 without spending a fortune going to @CAPS3. I remember one time @CAPS4 my mom and dad were going to @CAPS1 to see a lot of landmarks, my uncle came to my house with a brand new computer and my parents ended up staying home and saving themselves a ton of money. money. Famous explorer @CAPS2 smome said: "I always google on my computer to find out about life, climate, etc on @CAPS3 before I go anywhere. I know you @MONTH1 think going to @CAPS3 but, It's really expensive to go to far away countries. In short, computers can help you save money and help you study. Third, computers allow people to talk to other people online. I mean people go to special websites just to talk to Friends. A survey done by @ORGANIZATION1. Shows that @PERCENT1 people use these sites to talk to other people. aAmous social worker @PERSON2 says "@CAPS4 People use these sites to help them improve their vocabulary and social skills. "I know you @MONTH1 think those sites are dangerous and virus software can prevent danger. In short, computers can improve social skills. Finally, computers can teach people far away, help social skills and learn hand-eye coordination. Computers can help social you And learn, so help grow technology today!
Dear newspaper, the world we live in today is full of technology. Everything from the checkout at the grocery store to the coffee maker at home is constantly being upgraded. There are a lot of great things about this technology, but there are also big downsides. The most common technological device is a computer, and it's a great thing to have, but it's also a terrible thing. Computers can be used to bully people, it may require exercise time and even your social and grammar skills. We all know sites like facebook, myspace and @CAPS1. They look harmless, but it's really just a place for harassment. They say it's to keep friends in touch, but kids use them to say hurtful things to each other. Half of the kids in my eighth-grade class admit to being either bullied or bullied by a computer. If so many kids are hurting, then why do we all keep using computers? Many @MONTH1 kids say they don't spend much time on the computer, but @NUM1 of @NUM2 kids at my school admit they do. Checking the computer is the first thing they do when they get home from school and the last thing they do at night before going to bed. All the time these kids spend on the computer is depriving them of the time they had as children to exercise and enjoy life. I've seen many kids gain too much weight because they don't eat the right food, they don't exercise, they're too far from reality because they're addicted to the computer. The kids even got laptops and that's how addicted they got. Do you want your child to be like this? However, all these programs and websites on your computer have a way of interacting and socializing with your friends. But all of this is taking away your social skills, even grammar. Most kids and teens would rather talk over the internet than face-to-face, and half the time they don't even spell words correctly or use proper grammar. All this talk about computers will hurt them in the long run as they go to school and get a job. I know computers are good for schools because you can research materials for projects and email your work. But the time spent, kids being bullied, and lack of social skills now isn't worth it. We need to reduce our society's use of computers because it will help us all when it really matters. Ask yourself, do you want your child to be bullied? Do you want to gain weight? Do you want to relax your social and grammar skills? Just ask yourself these questions and you may change your mind.
Computers have no negative impact on society. In fact, when you're talking to someone online, @CAPS1 helps build relationships within that person. Another use for computers is hand-eye coordination. Education is also a useful thing that can be used with computers. You can learn about distant places and monuments. The myth is that computers ruin relationships between friends and family, however, in some ways @CAPS1 improves them, and while you keep using Skype, you're talking to someone online. By doing this, you actually improve your relationship with that person. This information proves that computers can actually support re-relationships. Hand-eye coordination is also useful, as you type on the keyboard, the computer will teach you the improvement of your fingers on the reflector. If you keep typing, your hand-eye coordination will improve. Some might say that the computer doesn't help you much @CAPS1 Really active use @CAPS1. Computers are more educational than most people think. On some websites, you can see things that can be taught to you. If you go to the historian website, someone can learn about different types of people. Many critics say computers are not educational. But when you look at the facts, computers can teach a lot. @CAPS1 It's easy to believe that computers are not a good thing. But having a computer is a great thing when someone sees the truth. If critics take these facts into account, then the computer is a better object than most people say.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, I think computers can be a good thing and bedding for many vibes. First of all, I think it's good because it helps with school work like doing research and other things you might have to do for school. The second reason why a computer is useful is that it can teach hand-eye coordination. It also lets people talk to family members from other countries via webcam. All of their computers are very useful, they can also be bad for your health and family. I agree it cuts down on the time spent exercising and instead of sitting at the computer you can go to the park or walk and many other things and then take commuters with you all day. It can also disrupt your interactions with family and friends if you've been stuck at home using your computer and your family and friends want to spend time with you and you in the camper. @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 The reason why I think computers can be good things and beds. I mostly think computers are a good thing because if we didn't have computers, we wouldn't have most of the things we have right now if we didn't have computers. That's why I think a computer would be more helpful, depending on how you use it and how much you use it. These are my thoughts on computers.
They give your computer @CAPS1 and re-search far away from you. But is it good for you? Those who support technological progress believe that computers have a positive impact on people. I believe they @MONTH1 are correct. I believe that a computer can be used by looking for things from a distance, it can also provide hand-eye coordination, and I also believe it's okay to use it if you're just using it for research or other required actions. When using a computer, it gives you the advantage of researching and studying far away places. This is good because some people are interested in places around the world. Also, @CAPS2 now requires computers and their teachers provide written assignments or power point presentations. Also, your parents work on your computer or may be leaving work for a vacation and they need to book it somehow. Plus, some people say that using a computer can give you hand-eye coordination. Well, it's actually when you're typing. Some @MONTH1 don't know this cabin typing is a skill, some are fast, some are slow, some are average. Also, in order to teach kids and even some adults, people have created a typing game on the computer that will teach kids how to type. Also, some very fast typists take a test to see how fast they can type, giving 70 words per minute. People naturally type about 30 words per minute. I believe that people should be able to perform necessary actions, such as research, on a computer. Many kids already know about these other sites like facebook, Itunes, youtube and twitter. Some people are so addicted that they never get off. Also, on all of these sites and more are trying to give you something. I give you a virus. Viruses have many advantages, some can crash your computer, some just send a lot of pop-ups to your monitor. I think doing research on the computer or taking a vacation is fine. If you're addicted to other websites, stop because you can crash your computer with just one click. All in all, I believe that computers are a great source of information, but should not indulge in so-called toys. Computers have a positive effect on people. Just don't indulge in the outdoors...and exercise with friends and family.
Dear local paper, local paper Do you think the computer is a good technology in our generation? Well, I don't believe it's a good technology for our generation. Don't get me wrong. I don't like playing with computers, which is why computers affect a lot of kids and some adults in this generation. One reason is that when people are on the computer all day, they don't get enough exercise. This is why children are so obese these days, with over NUM1 million children overweight due to computers. Like me, I used to love playing on the computer, but I still do bat and I see the computer is ruining my health. The second reason I think is bad for this generation is that there are a lot of inappropriate websites on the internet that kids @NUM2 and under may be logging on. I think people all over the world should start enjoying nature and going around the world. Start doing things people can't do on a computer. I think more kids should start having fun with family and friends more often. Chat with your friends all the time. My last and last reason is that one of the big things that happens on computers is people bullying people on the internet, if you have any daughters, sons, adults and, the local paper will tell you. If they are being bullied on the internet, or worried that they will kill them or hurt them. I think you're going to be pretty scary and you're going to want that guy in jail. Now I think about how it affects my life and my family and friends when I spend all my time on the computer. I believe the rest of the world should do the same.
You spend too much time on the computer, your mom and dad are doing well. You think it's time to get out of the car. You spend about @PERCENT1 on your computer more or less a day, but @CAPS1 for good reason. You can multitask on it, you can talk to friends and family you've never seen or talked to, and finally, you can spend time outdoors and indoors. @CAPS5 you're smart you don't listen to those experts have you heard the word multitasking? This is more than one thing you can do at a time, @CAPS1 example you read and talk in the car, or text and talk, or walk and read something. You have all these things in your apartment. Another example is when you are on the computer, you can listen to music and chat with friends or read. What you can even do is you can chat with your friends, listen to music, do your homework. When I say homework, I mean when you have to type a simple thing. The fourth and final example is about the @PERCENT2 of us who can multitask @CAPS2 My friends told me they just bought a laptop with a built-in camera, @NUM1 now they can and long time no see people talk time. "I haven't seen my sister @NUM since she moved to California 2 years ago, so I figured I'd use @CAPS3 on my laptop to spy on her." @CAPS4 is @ORGANIZATION1's mother. A computer or laptop can be great @CAPS1 to talk to friends or family you haven't seen in a long time. another student said. "@CAPS5 you're so smart, you now understand why everyone is on the computer so much". When you're on the computer with your friends and start talking to you about things you understand why, you don't usually see your friends unless it's "lunch" or before class. Computers help talking to friends than writing letters or waiting @CAPS1 calss Easier to get out. You get off the bus and you think it's sunny outside. You decide to do some or all of your homework now so you can hang out. You're outside @CAPS1 for about a few hours. When you come in about At @NUM2:00pm. You have dinner and you just want to unwind from the big adventure of the day, so you go to the computer. Ypu can also turn on the computer like a wild animal outside. Only the responsive kids plan accordingly Their time conclusion what matters is you have a good computer now @CAPS1 multitasking, chatting with friends and family you haven't seen in a long time, you can get out too, stay inside now it's time to call, @CAPS5 you're smart You won't listen to these experts.
Computers today are very different from those of the day. They help you with projects or homework, but many experts worry that people are spending too much time on the computer. I think computers can help people in many ways, like teaching hand-eye coordination. They're useful because people can talk to friends and family they haven't seen in a long time and require computer skills in the real world. Hand-eye coordination is very important, and using a computer can help people establish coordination. This is helpful because if a person has to type a @NUM1 page report, a person with good hand-eye coordination or typing skills, "can complete a report in around @NUM2 minutes. If a person has poor hand-eye coordination , well, @NUM2 minute reports are about hours. No one likes to sit in front of a computer for hours. Everyone has friends and best friends who talk every day, but if that friend moves out it will What happens - out of town, out of state or maybe out of town? They may be forgotten or never seen again. Well, thanks to advances in technology and computers, people can chat online on @CAPS1, @ORGANIZATION1 instant messaging, myspace or facebook .They can learn about new things, check the latest news, and even see photos posted . The same thing applies to family members who have moved away. Who doesn't want to talk to friends or family members who don't live without news? Finally, have computer skills Very, very, very important in the real world d. Technologists who are proficient in the computer world can find good jobs like national computer programmers, or they can create websites for their jobs. Other jobs that people with computer experience can do are Editors of movies or @CAPS2 shows. Big money there. No wonder schools have computer classes. It's for students to have a good computer background. Computers aren't that bad. They teach hand-eye coordination and let people talk to other people online, And can get people good jobs. Many educated people would agree that computers have no positive effect on people.
Dear local newspaper leaders, I have heard a strange misconception that computers are destroying our society. Personally, I think this is a terrible idea. First, the Internet (available on most home desktop computers) can teach us a lot about the world around us. Also, the whole fact of connecting with other people across the globe and exploring a whole interesting world makes computers more interesting. Finally, thousands of jobs around the world are either computer-based or work with computers. So there is no doubt that computers are good for society. The first reason I need to make it clear is that computers have a ton of information that can't be found anywhere else. While books have to be republished with updates around the world, anything on the internet can be updated almost instantly, which is beneficial for students with school programs in subjects such as @CAPS1, and subsequently, one can actually use online schools and colleges go to school. While regular colleges can cost thousands of dollars to get in, online colleges are fairly cheap and affordable for anyone. In addition, schools seem to be increasingly outdated due to the sheer volume of information online, as computers typically hold all the information obtained during the normal school year. Therefore, computers are undoubtedly beneficial to society. To get set up, the internet that provides computers can bring a lot of fun to those who use it wisely. Due to the increasing number of people using computers, companies tend to produce computer shoes, which usually attract thousands of viewers every day. It also makes the TV look dated. Another important thing is that software is released for computers almost every day, allowing users to accomplish many things. Software typically includes games, movies, and music. Finally, since staying connected is a good thing, chatting with other people around the world is very easy and durable, allowing distant relatives to contact you through various chat programs. Therefore, the computer can bring a lot of fun to the user, thereby benefiting the society. Finally, due to the growing demand for computers, companies often rely on computers for their work. Due to the growth of the internet population, companies allow people to fill out application forms and send resumes to apply for jobs at the company. Also, some jobs can only be done online or while using a computer. Today, many jobs, often banking, rely on using the internet most of the time, and some jobs are actually internet-based. Because of this, workers can easily get work done in one place without having to walk around to a boring looking building to do boring work. With this reason, why don't others see why computers are good for society? For all these reasons, I hope you understand why computers are good for society. Education has become easier thanks to the internet. If education isn't what you're looking for, you can use the internet for fun when you're bored. Finally, work can be done more easily and workers feel more responsible. So, head of the newspaper, do you really think like everyone else that computers are a waste of time in your life?
Dear @CAPS1 of @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS2 has been debating whether modern computer activity is good or bad for people. Some see it as beneficial to society, as computers can teach hand-eye coordination, help people understand distant places, and allow people to interact with friends. All of this seems to prove that computers are good for society, but they are not. People who use computers excessively can experience some harmful side effects, including obesity, red eyes, and even cyberbullying. People use computers to such an extent that it is detrimental to their health. The first problem with @LOCATION1 is obesity. People seem to be getting fat every day. Computers are definitely involved in this problem. People are spending too much time on the computer and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. These people are getting heavier and heavier by spending hours in front of the computer every day. They start eating their feelings because of how lonely they are. This process continues until someone can barely get up from the chair. Obesity wasn't the only problem damaging their health, their eyes were also damaged. It is clear that more and more people are experiencing @CAPS2 eye problems every day. Computers are making this happen. When someone is only on a computer for an hour, their eyes can be extremely hurt. Computer screens strain their eyes so much that they are nearly blind for someone who spends @NUM1 - @DATE1 hours a day on the computer. My eyes started to water when I only had @NUM2 minutes on my computer. Overuse of computers is a devastating consequence. Computers are harming people's health, and @CAPS2 should do something about it. Although computers not only damage people's health, but also ruin people's lives. Bullying has been a major issue for @LOCATION1 for years. Kids get bullied all day at school and always have a bad time. But when they go home, they can be comforted by family and friends. Computers recently included a system where you can video chat with friends or @ORGANIZATION2. This can be a great thing unless used in the wrong way. As I pointed out before the kids were bullied at school, but when they got home they were able to get out of that horrible life and be a normal kid. no longer. This new @ORGANIZATION2, video chat, @CAPS4 and more brings the hapless bullied student a one-way ticket to cyberbullying. I have heard of one case where a student was cyberbullied to such an extent that she committed suicide on the internet to show how depressed she was. Computers made this event possible. Video chats, @CAPS3, @CAPS4, etc. give bullies the opportunity to depress their prey to the point where they think they are suicidal. I can understand why you would argue against my argument, but I really hope you can understand why this is so important. In my opinion, obesity, eyestrain and cyberbullying should be enough evidence that computers are not good enough for you to write an article about these horrible machines. They cause various problems in people's health, mind, etc. I really hope you will consider writing this article.
You must be crazy! Computers are very important to society. My first reason is that computers can be used for research. Second, it can be made. Finally, you can make calls and video chat. Here are my three reasons why computers are important to society. If you want more information, please keep sending. First, computers can be used for research. For example, what if your boss wants to find a product? All you have to do is go to www.google.com and look it up! Isn't it easy. Also, what if you need to do research for your school on @ORGANIZATION1? Instead of reading books about him, you can enter his name and your information will appear. In @CAPS1, @NUM1 of @NUM2 children/adults use computers for research. This is my first reason. Second, purchases can be made. What if you want to help by buying a ticket to @LOCATION1? You can buy tickets on your computer at your convenience. You can order all the types @LOCATION1 needs. Or a relative/friend can have one. Much simpler than going out and doing it yourself. This is my second reason. Finally, you can make calls and video chat. You have other people, and everyone in different countries needs video conferencing. What if you have distant relatives that you will miss? You can have a video family. This is my last reason. I want you to think about my reasons why computers are so important to society.
Dear local paper, computers have a positive effect on people because it teaches them hand-eye coordination, the ability to understand people and places, and to entertain themselves. As I said before, computers are very useful for the advancement of hand-eye coordination. Hand-eye coordination is very important in today's world because in order to exercise and type effectively, you must have hand-eye coordination. When I was a NUM1 year old boy, I investigated poor hand-eye coordination, so my playing suffered. Now, after you've played online a few times, my baseball, hockey and basketball skills have improved from playing and practicing online. My typing has also increased from @NUM2 words per minute. @NUM3 words per minute. Allows me to write reports faster and have more time for revisions. But the internet also allows me to search the web to make my reporting aspects faster...though people need to support their opinions and. The Internet now allows a person to find facts related to their subject. This kind of help can make programs for boys' schools easier, make students smaller, and have the opportunity to help those in need. When I have @NUM4 ready in this year's position paper. I realize I need @NUM1 Usually this would be difficult, but with the help of a computer, research can be made easier. Second, I learned a lot from @CAPS1 @CAPS2, for example, I didn't really choose the president. The votes they gave actually elected a speculator to @CAPS2. Finally, thanks to the earthquake in @LOCATION1, I was able to donate through the @CAPS3 @CAPS4 website. These examples show the importance of internally understanding people and places and may be able to help. Finally, the last good thing about the internet and computer is that you can entertain yourself with online games and movies. My mom always told me that I should do my own thing instead of dragging her to play online games with me, and the computer allows me to play online games by myself. Second, the movie on the computer can be real-time if you want. That's why I think computers are important for improving hand-eye coordination, understanding different people and places, and entertaining yourself. While my opinion only applies to myself, I hope you will emphasize the importance of computers in future articles.
Dear newspaper, I believe that computers have had a great impact on people in society. I believe this is because they make you smarter, they help with entertainment needs, and they also give you the option to socialize and chat online with the site. These are the things people need in their lives right now. One of the reasons I believe computers benefit people in society is the simple fact that computers teach you things. I mean you can definitely pick up a book, but why? Using a computer, you can quickly and easily type what you need to know, and in seconds have @NUM1 million sites that can tell you what you need to know. The computer can also show you places you've always wanted to see and know, and the computer can tell you the exact location and information about that area. I know your own thoughts. "Wow so cool!!" But nothing until you hear what I have to say! Computers can give you instructions on how to build things, step-by-step through creating artwork. My second reason is that a computer can provide you with entertainment such as playing games, watching movies and TV shows that you missed because of work or something important. The last reason computers benefit society is entertainment, you can make friends or chat with people you have through facebook, @CAPS1, @CAPS2 and more. Making or connecting with friends in a positive way can help fight depression. Always happy if you are on the computer. So you will have nothing to frustrating. Also, if you have any questions about @CAPS3, ask the computer and it will solve your problem completely and make you happy with the awner. As you can see computers can do a lot of great things and what I'm talking about are just some of the things that computers are able to watch, computers are going to be more and more a part of our lives if you can't use you @MONTH1 have a difficult times. If you have a different opinion, please consider my decision. thank you for your time.
You say computers suck and don't help these material lives, but some people find yoga poses and diet tips on computers that don't help their mind and body. Their @MONTH1 computer gives them a lot of trouble chatting (@CAPS1, facebook twitter, etc), but they also don't know who is behind the computer they spend so much time on @CAPS1. They are not concerned with life itself. Now there are good parts about computers, you can find what you need, you can check travel websites etc...so you can't say computers are bad, it helps a lot of people. So you should really think about judging the skills of the computers that they are really helpful in life. They do help people with physical needs.
Computers are something everyone uses, but sometimes you get out of the car and start experiencing life. Computers do teach hand-eye coordination, allow you to converse with friends and family, and give you the opportunity to learn about far-flung places and people. But it also makes people spend more time on the computer and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with friends and family. Exercise is a big event in people's lives. IT'S PEOPLE, BODY AND HEALTH @PERCENT1's obesity is caused by computers. Sitting and rating all day. I think these should be restrictions on the computer so people spend less time on the computer and more exercise. Most people don't know what it does for them, but over time they become less and less healthy and weaker. They don't know that there really is time to sit down and eat a bag of chips. Once they start doing it, it's because of a habit and diet, and then just keep eating on the computer. Not only does it reduce the amount of time people spend exercising, it also reduces the amount of time people spend enjoying, and the computer is addicting for five minutes and you'll unknowingly forget everything you've done, you have @CAPS1 Hour. When people use computers, they forget everything they do. Shop with your friends and family. Enjoy the things of nature and you. It will take up your time, you can go to the store, go to the store restaurant your stuff.
Dear newspaper, I believe that the use of computers is a very scary thing for the people of the world. I think it's because they don't exercise, enjoy the outdoors, and spend quality time with family and friends. When you're on the computer, you're not exercising your body. That's a problem, because @CAPS2 this "no exercise" thing does stop lifespans potentially drastically shortening. @CAPS1 @CAPS2 It's not going to stop, more and more kids are growing bigger and unhealthy. So children are more concerned about the health of the Internet. @CAPS3 expert @PERSON1 said: "@PERCENT1 kids in school today are over @NUM1 lbs in @NUM2 grades and should be @NUM3 lbs or less in @NUM2 grades." @CAPS1 @CAPS2 Computer frenzy won't stop The children continued not to go out to play. Smart parents want their kids to have fun in the backyard. @CAPS2 Kids inside and not outside, they don't get their vitamins from the sun. The experts at @ORGANIZATION1 said: "@CAPS2 Kids keep playing on the computer and then they never see the real beauty of the outdoors again." @CAPS3 You can see that nature is what kids need. Interacting with friends and family is important to everyone. Because @CAPS2 a family member has health issues and has to go to the hospital, no one is with them because they never talk to each other. One year I found out that my great grandmother died of cancer. I didn't know she had cancer. I wish I was in the hospital with her. But not because I never spoke to her. Don't let this happen to you and your friends and family talking and having fun. So @CAPS3 you can see that using a computer is scary because your life might end faster, your kids get fat, and you get estranged from friends and family. So don't let this happen to anyone else. Tell everyone.
If you're the whole family, and you talk to them, and a few percent are online, that's not a bad thing. Here's the thing, are you for or against kids/parents being online for too long. I'm all for this. The reason is that a lot of kids have friends chatting online, secondly the kids have homework/projects that they may need to look up online, and my last reason is that some families may have @CAPS1 etc so they can communicate online. The first thing I do One reason is that a lot of kids have friends online who can't text or even call, so it's another easier way to talk to them. Did you know that most kids communicate online these days. "I think the internet is a great thing, and I mean I'd rather have my kids online than go out and rant and get into a troupe." @CAPS2 @ORGANIZATION1. @NUM1 of @NUM2 kids are chatting with others online. There's no question that kids bring home projects and assignments every day, right? Don't you want your kids to look up information online and have them guess and get it wrong? I know a lot of kids who don't have a computer, internet or essy or they are allowed to go online. That's why they. I remember when I had a project due at school and I guessed right. It didn't do my grades any favors. So I decided next time I have a project to do on the internet. It worked and my grades were much better than I guessed. In the end, most people are on the internet and will live with them. So even if you go online a lot, you're not talking to your family for a bad reason. "@CAPS3 I have internet at home and I hardly ever get a chance to talk to my family. But that's when my son I got one and I have the opportunity to talk to my family every day. @CAPS2 One of the closest computers. Some people do say sometimes too long on the computer don't go out and exercise the amount that humane should.. or they don't walk out of the house like they used to @CAPS3 they go online. Yeah, but that's a good reason, it doesn't Like because forever. And it's used for good. Not for any bad. I think the internet is a great thing, and it's had an impact on a lot of people. The reason is, kids also have friends who chat online," a lot of Internet is required, and the last person has family with access to the Internet, so now or go out, your best bet. The question solved is whether you are for or against internet access! So go out and change now.
Are computers good for society? I believe that computers don't actually benefit society. In this article, I'll explain how you can cut back on your workout time, spend less time with family and friends, and spend less time enjoying nature just through heavy computer use. If you're one of those people who likes to use your computer as much as possible? Well, think of it this way. You spend so much time on the computer that you exercise little or no at all! Everyone needs to embrace a little exercise in order to fit and be healthy. Obesity rates in our country have risen since the advent of our high-tech computers. I believe this is one of the main causes of obesity. This is a major problem in today's high-tech computer society. In addition to exercising less, you'll also spend less time with family and friends. I understand your family can talk to them on facebook, but you need to interact through face-to-face conversations. This is one of our basic needs as individuals. No matter what, your family will be by your side. But you need to develop strong relationships with your family so that they are by your side. This only happens when you interact with them face to face. The same thing applies to friends. This is another must for basic needs! ! ! ! Everyone should have some relationship. Finally, everyone needs to enjoy nature! It's a beautiful sight that everyone needs to expire. Being stuck in the house on your computer is a scary thing. Natural beauty is appealing to everyone, but @NUM1 people didn't take the chance to enjoy it. Being outdoors and enjoying yourself is an important thing for your body. You need to soak up the powerful sunlight and transform your life in nature. But @CAPS1 if you stay on the computer @NUM2 this will happen. In short, computers do not benefit society. People have little or no exercise, interaction with family and friends, and opportunities to enjoy nature. Everyone needs to have these needs and not be preoccupied with the computer.
With just a click of the mouse, you can access the Internet. Computers and the Internet are recent innovations. You might find one in the average household. They have improved and become popular over the past two decades. I believe they have greatly benefited society. Computers provide an easy way to learn and communicate. Think about what life would be like for @DATE1 without a computer. different, right? I don't think I could have written such a great research paper without using a computer. The Internet has many useful resources; such as databases, encyclopedias, and articles. You can find information on almost any topic. Computers make it easier for us to do this. You can just search for keywords and you've got what you're looking for. It's faster than browsing through twenty books. Once you find what you need, you can paste it into the @CAPS1 @CAPS2 document and print it. It's that simple. Another benefit of computers is communication. Over the past few years, I've found this to be important. A family I've been close to all my life moved to @LOCATION1 for work. Thanks to the internet, I was able to keep in touch with them. I'm sure thousands of others are in the same situation. Whether it's via email, @ORGANIZATION1 instant messenger or Facebook, people can connect with others around the world. It's more convenient than timing your phone calls, so it's a good time for both of you. Everyone's life would be different if we didn't have this connection with a foreign country. Computers have not only changed personal lives. They also changed the medical field. This has greatly benefited our society. Scientists and doctors are making new discoveries and progress is taking place. Doctors use computers to plan and perform surgical procedures. Computers have helped advance and improve medical research and diagnosis. This saved many lives. @PERCENT1 A test for studying a disease uses some kind of computer to break it down. Computer technology has benefited today's society and helped people achieve great things. It keeps people connected and helps them learn around the world. I want you to see how computers are shaping and helping the world today.
Dear local paper, I very much agree with the experts that people stay on the computer. Reasons are estranged friends and family, mood swings, overweight, and finally computers can do a lot @CAPS1 far. Play with the computer too much and your family will start worrying about you. If you're going to be in front of the computer all day, it's going to make people see you differently. Also, if you're staying indoors on @DATE1 and your friend comes over and you say "I don't want to go out", it's just drifting away. Since I was a teenager I was texting and chatting and hanging out all the time, and I hated seeing my friends on the computer when I wanted to hang out. When I was @NUM1 or @NUM2, I used to be on the computer for days to weeks until my friends and family said don't let this affect you. I have a friend who is a good athlete, very fun and friendly, but I didn't want to be his friend when his mom bought him a computer. When I was @NUM2, if I couldn't use a computer, I would get mad at everything like I was a kid. I also used to be big, (as overweight) because I never went out to work out or in my room. The reason I stopped being his friend was that he would get mad if I came over and asked him if he could come out. Also, when he does come out, he never does anything or runs because he's always @CAPS1 tired, @CAPS1 I would say computers can really change people in a lot of bad ways. The last thing that makes everyone change is what computers can do now. For example, a game called @CAPS3 called @CAPS2 can get you addicted to @CAPS1 fast and you will hardly do anything else. Another bad thing is @CAPS4, make sure you keep in touch with your friends, but it basically throws you into it if you stay too long. Finally there are online chat rooms or games, when you can create someone who looks like you, you think this is going to be your life from now on. There are also those who think a computer can do anything it can't really do, and that anything a computer can do is as addictive as a drug. Well, I just gave you some of the many things a computer can do, but to refresh your memory, I'll say it again. One reason I agree is that family and friends seem remote to you, sometimes you have mood swings, less exercise, and finally what computers can do now. Now that you know the dangers that can occur, I suggest you rethink your computer.
Dear newspaper, I disagree with you about computers. I think computers are great for projects, homework or letters. For example, you can use a computer to help you with projects, and if you have a project to do and you don't want to go to the library, you can use your computer to find information on almost anything. And you don't have to draw pictures, that's what a printer is for. Also, when you have homework, most kids or teens, even adults, don't like to do homework, that's what the computer does for you, you just look up an analyzer online and you can do it right away. Assuming you have to write an article that I know nobody likes to write by hand, you can type @CAPS1 and design @CAPS1 with your own design and make @CAPS1 look better than if you wrote @CAPS1. Also, I know no one likes to keep up, if you lose @CAPS1 then you have to start over, which takes a long time to complete, especially if @CAPS1 is due the next day and you get bored and don't want to write @CAPS1 It's over, you'll be pissed because you've done @CAPS1. When you have @CAPS1, you mysteriously find another piece of paper you finished and lost, @CAPS1 makes you very angry. Then you have to worry if someone stores @CAPS1 and copies @CAPS1 and puts their name on the copied one but changes some of your thinking so that they don't lose their main score and go from @CAPS2 to @CAPS3 immediately flat. Finally, you can use your computer to write the letters you look for. If you're a teacher, you can write a transcript of that and people, and you can also write a letter to a friend who may have moved. So the type of letter you should be writing is a love letter to your wife or girlfriend at work or school and @CAPS1 is fast too, not writing @CAPS1 and then you start off at the worst possible way. So instead, you can write @CAPS1 fast, if they have a computer, they can get @CAPS1 fast, but if they work at a school, they can, because every school should have a computer, so they will Able to get @CAPS1. Another type of letter you can write is a letter to your friend you haven't seen in years or have moved to another country or state so I hope now I've convinced you why @CAPS1 is @CAPS4 There's a computer but when you're sad @CAPS1 it's not always @CAPS4 on the computer @NUM1 but occasionally @CAPS1 can, especially in an emergency if someone just passed away in your family and you don't know how Get there and use gas, if you don't have gas, go online and print the instructions so you can get their info and see which family member died, if you know, now you know how important computers are. I hope you use @CAPS1 wisely.
Dear newspaper, computer! computer! computer! Computers seem to be the hot topic of the year. Many people think that computers are necessary for everyday life, but I have to disagree. In my opinion, we don't need computers. The impact of computers on children and adults is staggering. Humans today do not spend much time in nature and do not exercise for a healthy body and a healthy planet. Also, as our kids grow up, we have too many advantages because of computers. Third, so much money is being spent on computers and not on the really important stuff! As you can see, these three reasons alone should convince anyone that computers are bad for all areas of life. First, as we continue to use computers, our natural environment will be wasted. The impact on nature and humans is dire. Pollution is spreading around the world! People are becoming more and more addicted to computers. I know you'll be surprised when I tell you that the average person spends about ten hours a day on the computer! It's about half a day! This is a terrible effect on people because these computers are brainwashing us right now! Instead of looking at the computer all day, get outside and enjoy the fresh air and sunshine. What's more, computers keep us sitting in it all day without any activity, it's a health issue and we need to know the little things and be grateful for what we already have! So banning computers will have a positive impact. Today, many people have lost the ability to write cards and forget the simple things life has to offer. Can writing papers with pencil and paper be so bad? This @MONTH1 is old fashioned, but has a lot of great effects with pen and paper. Maybe, the @ORGANIZATION2 state gets smarter and contains more knowledge. It turns out that writing everything down makes it easier to remember important facts and for longer, writing on paper is like writing in your brain. Therefore, students, children and adults alike will benefit from better handwriting. Since most information is entered on a computer, people are forgetting how to write neatly, clearly and logically. @PERSON1 is an English teacher who has been working at @ORGANIZATION1 schools before computers and she has seen firsthand the horrific effects that happen to students. @PERSON1 told me, "@CAPS1, students are totally immersed in computers and have no life, energy, or reflexes! Kids have so many advantages in computers and don't spend time. Last, but not least, I The third reason why computers have a negative impact on humans. Humans pay huge sums of money to get the latest computer technology. Most people pay for their computers. These fancy computers are very expensive, but also very useless. In my I think a lot of people just follow suit. Instead, the money can be spent on school, especially war! Do you hear the hum of the computer and the clicking of buttons? Realize that these sounds are not what you should spend! In conclusion, the computer Affects people. There are many reasons to support this, but here are three. One is that people don't spend any time in nature! Another is that people of all ages are being brainwashed by this tronic instead of spending time learning Quality stuff. Third, people spend all their money on these computers! I know some people think computers are useful, but I know now that when you read this, you know computers are really useless .
Dear Newspaper Editor, In my opinion, computers have a positive effect on people. @CAPS1 allows people to communicate. People can learn about things, places, and even their own families. I also think that the proper dose can help your body. How would you talk to people from all over the world if @CAPS1 had never been invented. Mr. Editor, what if you were fourteen and had no friends? Well, you can always visit myspace.com, facebook.com or any other online community and make friends. Another thing that can happen is family or friends going on vacation to another country and can't make long distance calls, you can talk to them via @CAPS2 or something like that. If you're not a big fan of communicating with @CAPS1, you can learn. With @CAPS1 you can learn a lot. You can even go to school online, but as I said, you can learn anything. Once I had a project at school about Frederick Douglass, I used @CAPS1 for help. I learned about his family, his childhood, where he came from, and many other important facts. @CAPS1 might be a good search engine, but don't stay too long your body needs you too. I think @CAPS1 protects your health better. People always say you'll get fat and unhealthy if you stay on the computer, but I don't think so. Start by using a mouse on your computer to help with your hand-eye coordination. You can also check out a meal plan, find healthy medication, or find new ways to exercise. So that's why I think @CAPS1 can help your body. All of these reasons are why I think @CAPS1 has a great influence on people.
More and more people using computers In fact @PERCENT1 of @CAPS1.T has computers and everyone is using them. I think it's great to have them because you can use them for email, work and school assignments. That's why I think having a computer is a good thing, don't you think? As I said, computers are great for sending emails, even I.ming. Suppose you play baseball and forget the game time. You just push the power button and tree to your coach and ask how long you need to be on the field. There is also I.Ming, you can chat with your friends online, which is a great way to communicate and meet new people. Emailing is great, it's so advanced that you can email a family member who lives thousands of miles away from you. I did it once, my aunt's Lisa was in Florida and I asked her to send me pictures of the water and the beach and she did and they were fascinating. The next reason to own a computer is for work. In today's world everything is run by a computer, like every register. ATMs and cars do not have computers. So having it works great. Let you tell you that faxing a copy can be done with a computer in a minute, I know my dad's job requires him to put everything on the desktop on his laptop for his witch. That's why most jobs have computers. are you one? Finally, schools are computers. For example my teacher about his computer attendance, homework and... if he doesn't have this, he's lost. It's also good for kids. Every week in social research we have to look up the president and I use my laptop for that. Did you know there is a program that lets you view your grades and lost assignments? It's called strength school. Computers are great for schools. I think everyone should have one. So what do you think of them? Are they amazing or what? I think it's helpful because you can use them for email, work and school work. If it weren't for computers, we would really know as we do now. @PERCENT1 about @CAPS1.T has them. Computers will help you through your life, welcome to the real world.
Dear newspaper, computers are a great resource and are helpful in many ways. @CAPS1 We have technology, why not use it? Computers have provided us with simple but very useful programs like @ORGANIZATION1 word or photoshop with the excellent ability to find any information you want and keep in touch with distant relatives using video chats like Facebook or Skype. @CAPS1, are you about to finish a school essay when you misspell a word and have to start from scratch? ! Well, that's what often happens when the computer isn't around and you have to use a typewriter. Unlike typewriters, computers have programs like michrosoft word, @CAPS1 you make a simple mistake, all you have to do is hit backspace. With a program like this, papers and flyers are very easy to make. There are many other programs like powerpoint, photoshop or video editing. These are real-time. You can put your camera chip into your computer and "walaa" instant editing. Programs you can download make life easier and save you a lot of time. In addition to the program to write your dissertation, you can also use the Internet and Google for information! All you have to do is enter a short phrase and instantly get thousands of sites, all with information. Instead of spending ten minutes looking at a dictionary. com and find it in an instant. I count @NUM1 every @NUM2 child who uses the internet at least once a day! Let's say you're throwing a party and have no idea what to cook. Just enter "Creative Foods for the Party" and you'll have hundreds of new recipes to choose from at your fingertips. The internet is a remarkable invention, very simple and useful to use. Another wonderful thing to use on a computer is social connections , such as myspace, facebooks, or skype. It's a great way to meet up old friends from high school or college, or to plan a big event while relaxing at home. @CAPS1 You have soccer practice at night so you can't hang out with friends, but still It's perfect to have time for a quick chat. Skype and other video chats are great. They're very handy when you need to talk all the way to someone in @LOCATION1 and don't want to travel. All you have to do is open a link and they're there There! These are great for business and long distance relationships. I have an uncle and aunt living in it and we use Skype to keep in touch. It's a great way to communicate globally. Computer @MONTH1 makes s" look "Lazy, but gives us a lot. Saves time running around and exercising from their convenience. Computers have amazing programs that help us in every way, getting quick information via the internet, and A social connection to keep in touch with family, friends and business. A computer is one of the most convenient things we have and I highly recommend you agree with me.
Dear @LOCATION1, I believe that being on a computer has a positive effect on people. It's also true that some people don't get enough exercise. To prevent not getting enough exercise, we should exercise or engage in family activities to at least get out of the house. Everyone needs to stop being lazy and become active. I think sports day should be a pattern, it should become a tradition. It could be twice a year or more than a month, or as long as there is a day @LOCATION2 or even more than @LOCATION2 can work out, whatever.
I use the computer all the time and I am healthy. Just because you use the computer more than you exercise doesn't mean you're unfit. I think computers help a lot in life. Now I'm going to talk about some of the things that computers help in life. A computer can help you understand the weather and everything you need to know. It will even help you if you have a job and don't have much time to waste. Computers are also fun. You go to different places to play any game. You can also talk to them. Alternatively, getting email from a computer is like getting real mail from a computer. But @MONTH1 has some problems, people use it too much. They need to get more exires. So that's how I think about computers, people are going to get more excited now.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 The world uses computers and we all know what computers are used for, like surfing the web, gaming, work and school. Some people think that computers are great for teaching hand-eye coordination, understanding the rest of the world, and conversing with other people online. I'm in Mystery Middle School @NUM1 grade. I don't think computers are as good as some people think. Have you heard of computer summer camps? This is where some kids go because they are addicted to computers. In this camp, children are pulled from their computers and are almost forced to join in on groping activities, such as fishing or solving a mystery together. This camp is very reliable for kids who are addicted to computers. Another reason computers are bad is the internet. The Internet is very dangerous. Placed because you can chat with people you don't even know. You never know how people can get screwed. And try to find @CAPS4 wherever you like. you, so you always have to be careful who you talk to, or you'll get something. There's nothing really suitable for a computer on Eve, it's always getting slower and slower every time you use it. About every two years a child or parent can throw a computer. Also, your computer doesn't have the correct @CAPS3, it could get a vins and cost a guy a few hundred dollars to fix it. Anything can happen to your computer at any time, nothing will happen to @CAPS4, it can die and not work, @CAPS2 your data will be gone forever. Now that I've explained my computer part, people will think differently. Do you want to end up like those people who are in camp because they use computers a lot. Or you never know you can never and never be found out. I already know that @CAPS5 is great for computer repair, but you may have to find @CAPS4 the hard way. That's why I think computers will only give people more trouble.
Do you really believe that computers will not benefit society? Well, they did. Computers help to reconnect with people. A fabulous search engine and watch videos. Computers are gradually entering the human way of life. Computers can help you reconnect with people. My mom uses facebook and she finds friends she hasn't seen since the early days of @NUM1! This is a great tool for talking with friends in everyday life. Plus, you can actually see them by video chatting your webcam. Therefore, computers are good for society. Computers also have the best search engines. Working on a paper on @LOCATION1? Google and @LOCATION2 are all you need. Basically give you all the A material. If your paper hasn't come yet, the internet has time and more! The only place to get millions of songs for free for your oyur ipod or phone is your computer. One of the greatest electronic products ever invented. The amazing computer also allows you to watch videos on the internet. Wouldn't you have a real joke? youtube is where you should go to learn about bat history, today's lifestyle, and more. You can also upload videos yourself if you want! A great website, great computer, good for society. After my dissertation, I can honestly say that computers are good for society. Computers help reconnect with people, have great search engines and watch videos. Computers are growing every day. Help users achieve maximum satisfaction. They do help.
Dear @CAPS1, I believe that computers will take our lives in negative ways. Overall, new advancements in technology have had a negative impact on our lives. It can lead to obesity, turn you into a couch potato, and take away from your social life. It's not that computers are useless, it's that people use them too much. As a country, @LOCATION1 has more obese people every decade. A great way to reduce obesity is to get them out of that chair. @CAPS5 all you do is sit in a chair and play flash games and watch youtube videos all day and you definitely gain a few pounds and those pounds do accumulate. @CAPS6 fast food companies like @ORGANIZATION1 cause obesity, so do computers. When someone eats a Big Mac, should they go upstairs and play a flash game, or go to the gym? Trust me, you won't burn any calories by clicking your mouse. People who use computers a lot rarely see the true colors of nature. They were so busy shooting animated bunnies that they didn't have time to see real bunnies. Would you rather walk in the park or stare at your computer screen @DATE1 for an hour and a half? The world is a beautiful place and the more you @CAPS2 @CAPS3 the less you realize it. Using a computer can even affect your social life. The more you socialize with people you don't know on your computer, the less you know how to communicate with real people I know I want a real girlfriend, not a virtual one. You @MONTH1 love @CAPS4.V so much. Show that you're watching on your computer and even spending time with your loved ones. Your family is much more important than a stupid computer game. In conclusion, I would say (in my opinion) that computers should be used less. Who doesn't want to' @CAPS4 who wants to be a healthy, nature loving, popular kid @CAPS5 just spend less time on the computer and more time in reality, you can be that kid. (@CAPS6 I'm sure @CAPS1 is an adult.)
Dear local paper, I don't think it's good to spend too much time on the computer. One of my reasons is to exercise. People should jog or exercise outdoors and enjoy nature. You should also hang out with friends. Now my second reason is to spend time with your friends. It is important to be with your family because they are happy. They are also great for socializing at home or anywhere else. Sometimes socializing with people on the computer is not as good as socializing with people because it is easier to socialize with friends and family than to sit in a chair and type a bunch of pieces explaining the meetings you have. Finally my last reason is to be positive. People should be active because it's fun and you socialize with people and exercise with or. It keeps you healthy. Getting active can also keep your lungs and heart healthy. Football, for example, keeps your legs strong and toned. Basketball keeps you running fast and consistently. This is good for you, because active exercise can lead to a healthier, stronger, and toned body. So they are not good for me to spend a lot of time on the computer.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 @MONTH1 Yes, computers @MONTH1 make people exercise less, enjoy nature less, and spend less time with family and friends, but computers do benefit society in many ways. Computers help students with homework and projects and help communicate with others. Aside from the phone, computers also have some downsides. Students need computers to help them with homework and class projects. They help students make great presentations, and students can use the internet for research. Owning a computer will help improve students' grades and help them have more successful lives in the future. Parents and children can communicate with distant friends and/or relatives, who can talk to colleagues, bosses, children's teachers, and their own children/parents. Having a computer creates more communication with some people and helps keep in touch with family members. In addition to all the good things, computers also have bad qualities. They can cause children to see inappropriate websites and even viruses that can crash your computer! Most virus removal programs prevent children and adults from accessing inappropriate websites (eg gambling, pornography, etc.). We need a computer with the latest virus protection systems preinstalled to help protect children, teens and adults from viruses, inappropriate websites and cyberbullies. Having these will make the computer almost perfect! The computer everyone needs should help students learn, continuously improve human-to-human communication, and pre-upload programs that protect people from viruses, bad websites, and cyberbullying. Computers are necessary, without them our lives would be extremely miserable.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 I think people need to see reality from the computer and the real world, they are a lot of people who spend a lot of time on the computer and not enough time with their family or doing things that really matter. When When you're on the computer, you don't get any exercise, you don't get stronger, you just sit. That's one way people get fat because just sitting doesn't move around. When you're on the computer all day, every day, you miss what's going on with your family, you miss everything that's going on. I think people need to take the time to relax on the computer, do some exercise, or call your cousins, or even your friends, and see what's going on, because they're the ones that really matter! But you really can't tell people how much time they're allowed to spend on the computer you can only give an opinion and hope they listen.
Dear local paper, is technology really the fascinating thing in life? Take a computer as an example, it can query information online, enable people to understand distant places and people, and even allow people to communicate. It's definitely good for society. Well, it makes people's lives easier and faster. don't you agree? Have you ever forgotten what your homework was or when it started and ended? Well, you can always check the info online, @CAPS3 you never forget! So there, you can complete the task and prepare in advance. For example, you need to know the start time of a movie at the cinema so you can view it online! Also, you might forget the steps of how to do something in your project or homework, so you can check it out online! So whenever a student forgets, he can check it online instead of coming to school tomorrow and saying "@CAPS1 I don't know what to do" or "@CAPS1 I forgot what to do". @CAPS2 Have you ever wanted to travel somewhere but you don't know anything about this place? Or how much will it cost? Or have you ever wanted to get to know a celebrity like @PERSON1? Instead of going to the library and reading all these books to learn something, you can just go online! There are millions of websites about places and people. Therefore, it makes it easier to get to know a place, a person or something. Computers are really helpful and useful. Plus, you can plan your vacation, go to a place, and make sure you have enough money by checking prices online! So you don't have to worry about not having enough money when you get there. @CAPS2 Do you want to communicate with your friends all day without wasting time? In fact, you can communicate with multiple friends on your computer. For example, chat rooms can reach up to hundreds of people. So you don't have as much trouble communicating with all your friends at once on the computer as you would on the phone. Also, you can communicate with people all over the world. This includes your family or relatives, etc. @CAPS3 They live on the other side of @LOCATION1. Also, @CAPS3 you haven't seen them or talked to them in a while, you can chat via webcam or video. It's a good thing to keep in touch with important people or friends. The impact of computers on people should really be thankful to God. You can check for information about @CAPS3 you once forgot about. You can easily get to know people and places and communicate with family and friends!
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, have you ever just wanted to go out and play football with someone you love? Well, I know I @CAPS2. I believe pretty much @PERCENT1's kids are @NUM1 on the computer because they don't mean anything to @CAPS2 or it's addictive. I believe in the resonance of this strongly true statement. People are consistent with the time people spend on the computer rather than the time they spend with their families. An important fact about a child's commute is how dangerous it can be. Now kids don't know how dangerous the internet is, for example, I remember once my cousin said he went to the movies to have sex with a girl in my space, but all he saw was one, balet hewdet, sexual assault By. This tells him that he is the person he is talking to online. He wants my cousin to go to his house to play x-box, my cousin is screaming not to go to my house because the cinema is closer to my house. Know that safety is important. Will your rater keep your child safe with you or with strangers? Computers can also help when you need to go to school or work. Only people will think it's fun to go home and play on the computer for no reason. Second, don't you want to spend time with your kids before they start college? Just little things like playing football can affect them creating something better with you and you're happy. Some of the things you can @CAPS2 to get them out with you is take the computer away for a week and play with your kids. Play some of his/her favorite sports. So use a computer. There is no connection with you, you are ruthless. So, is it time for your kids to slack off on the computer and get in or have fun with them?
People have been debating whether computers are good or bad for society. I personally agree with the statement that computers are good for society. I think computers can really improve your hand-eye coordination. You know you have good hand-eye coordination when you can type quickly and accurately. I remember watching my grandmother type about 75 words per minute as a kid. From just one year of her practice, she is already very computer coordinated. My hand-eye coordination has gotten better because I have been type for a long time. Scientists say @PERCENT2 or at least four years of typing will get better, type faster with hand-eye coordination and keep your fingers fast and flexible. I once read a book about computers and an expert said "the invention of the computer keyboard may be the greatest hand-eye coordination exercise ever created". @CAPS1 The great thing about computers is that they allow you to learn about distant places without actually going there. In school, you can do projects in other countries without having to travel, using only a computer. I once had to do a class project on @LOCATION1 and got @PERCENT1 with just a computer and people can also look up information about countries for fun. Mum Mu just wanted to know about @LOCATION2, so she just looked it up online from her computer. You can also research schoold. My sister went online to read in college, but didn't actually travel to the actual college state. Finally, another thing you can do on your computer is chat with people online. There's something like @CAPS2-mail that lets you write people over the internet on your computer. I remember when my baseball coach was going to tell me I had a team he just @CAPS2 emailed my parents because it was the easiest way to get it done. There's also stuff like @CAPS4 (Instant Messaging) that lets you talk to someone right away and have them talk to you right away. I remember talking to my friends on @CAPS4 every day. You can also video chat, which lets you see someone directly and actually physically talk to them. I read a news article about video chat and an expert said, "Video chat is the single best way to communicate with someone without knowing they're talking to them. These are the reasons why I think computers are very important to us. Society helps a lot.
Dahl of the newspapers I think computers are good in some ways, like finding some ideas on the other side of the world. Like if you have to write a paper on the other side of the world, a computer is up to date, not like a book, so computers have a good impact on schoolchildren and jobs, so computers are good, but otherwise , most people talk to it all day people with the subject, don't go out for fresh air, so computers are bad for some people, but good for them, they all need work and rest, so I think Most people use the computer regularly to talk to people and play games. But some people don't stick with it for long and if they have to work they go out and use the computer, so the effect of the computer is, for many people, use the subject forever, Talking to people and websites and getting fat from them doesn't go out and get fresh air, so most people use computers on facebook and stof just like they code out and get fresh air on swings and txt.
Technology is improving every day. A popular primary technological device is the computer. More and more people are using them, however, not everyone agrees that it benefits society. I believe it does benefit us. One reason is that you can explore things at home. Before computers, you had to go to the library, find the book you needed, and search it until you found the information you needed. These things alone can take hours, especially if you don't live near a library. However, with a computer, you can just type it on a search engine and find what you're looking for. This saves you money on gas because you don't have to drive anywhere. Another reason is that you can communicate online for free. Without a computer, you either have to drive to meet that person, or call or text, which is expensive. On the computer, you have email, @CAPS1, @CAPS2, and so on. All of these, you can communicate in different ways. If you want to see pictures, do quizzes, play games or talk, it's @CAPS2. Finally, for email, you can send people a video of the letter, or you can talk to other people by typing like all others.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 You @MONTH1 know that computers are not only very useful machines. Computers have given people online education, hand eyes and creativity, and computers are one of the main forces in the beginning, computers have given a huge number of people on a computer you can do anything in fact my cousin @PERSON2, university Graduated with an accounting degree @PERSON2 now has a great accounting job. Without computers, people would not be where they are now. Don't just mention @DATE1 I was assigned to complete a history paper on @LOCATION2. All I had to do was research the culture and history of @LOCATION2 for about an hour. I received one on my paper. Computers are very helpful in helping people This brings me to the next point, computers teach computers to have @CAPS3 different and computer integration @PERSON1 is a fix, not only creative in your way but giving you @CAPS3 hand and eye @CAPS3 people It's for creativity, they come from using computers. @DATE1 computers have, @CAPS4 has shown, @PERCENT1 people say numbers are the way to communicate without contact @CAPS5 computers are not like that @CAPS2, offers improved creativity and hand-eye coordination and is also the main way to communicate. So @LOCATION1 @CAPS6 editors, authors and readers. Computers are useful machines, more fog is missed when using computers.
Dear @LOCATION1 @CAPS1, @CAPS2 is a high tech design that allows us to connect with friends and family in France or elsewhere like @LOCATION2, let us research new information, maybe a school project within a school project, or even play addicting Games, computers have modernized our lives, and its impact on humans is negligible. We've taken these simple devices a long way and haven't used them in moderation. Did you know you need at least an hour of @MONEY1 workout every day? Well, @CAPS3 from all over the world doesn't get enough exercise because of the @MONEY1 computer. Parents' hard-earned money wasted on these extremely expensive computers they can pay from anywhere @NUM1! What waist @MONEY1 money! @PERCENT1 @MONEY1 kidnapped because @MONEY1 gets a lot of information on the internet, do you want to provide that information to your kids. Computers that were once useful devices are now @CAPS4 work machines. @PERCENT2 @MONEY1 @CAPS3 all over the world are fat today. Why are they fat, you ask? @CAPS3 are growing fast, they are meant to be active and playful, without any active sports like dancing or basketball they get big. Kids spend up to @NUM2 hours a day on @CAPS2 instead of staying active, @CAPS2 attracts kids like a magnet. This obsessive @CAPS2 time has no time to stay healthy active and fit. I remember one time my friend @MONEY1, @PERSON1 bought a new computer and she stopped coming out to play basketball with us, she just stayed inside. Eventually, Sally became obese and developed diabetes. Parents is this what you want @CAPS3? Do you want to buy a machine that makes your @CAPS3 extremley whealthy? Times are tough, money is tight, and electronics are expensive. The cost of @CAPS2 can range from @MONEY4 to even @MONEY3, which is a lot of @MONEY1 money. Parents work hard like @NUM3 it's a long day and probably don't have enough money to be helpless on @CAPS2. An average family spends @MONEY2 a lifetime on a computer. Do you really want to buy your @CAPS3 a machine that costs an insane amount of @MONEY1 money that will only make your @CAPS3 unfit and keep them out of exercise? I remember my mom bought me a new @CAPS2 for @NUM4$ and it broke the next day. What a waist @MONEY1 money. Help your @CAPS3, don't buy @NUM2,000 @CAPS2, keep your @CAPS3 active and healthy. Make sure your greens stay in your wallet. Hey, a little window will pop up your screen. Who are you, you respond with your voice, @CAPS7, your friends @CAPS8's friends say small windows. You reply @CAPS7 hi, hey, you want to come over, it's a chef thing, @CAPS9 ok, you reply. What's wrong with this situation? Well, @MONEY1 has a lot going on, but this happened to the @PERCENT3 @MONEY1 live chatter. Remember online you can be whoever you don't want to be, you may be ten years old but say your @NUM6. A lot of @CAPS3 got kidnapped because @MONEY1 chatted online. You can talk to your @CAPS3. You want to, but that doesn't mean you won't be in that situation. The less time your kids spend on @CAPS2, the less chance @MONEY1 gets kidnapped, @CAPS2 is so dangerous, are you putting your kids at risk. Computers used to be a useful device for providing @MONEY1 information, enjoyment and talking to aunts, uncles, and even your friends @PERSON2. Now, these computers have become quest boxes full of @MONEY1's unwanted side effects. Do you want your kids to feel the wind in their ears, the heartbeat of @MONEY1 and the smell of @MONEY1 grass? Do you want them to experience the bright screen in their eyes and the thrill of @MONEY1 just over @NUM7? Do you want to spend @MONEY1 on unhealthy stuff? Finally, do you want your @CAPS3 to be at risk just by using @CAPS2 at home. Computers are @CAPS4 shapeshifting devices that take away the life essentials of @CAPS3. Do you want to give them?
@ORGANIZATION2, @CAPS1 are the many reasons why computer technology benefits society. First, newspaper companies use computers to write @ORGANIZATION2 papers. Personally, I believe computers benefit society for many reasons. Computers aid in education, career development, and help people connect with their families. By reading this letter, I hope this makes computers attractive to you. One reason people benefit from computers is how they aid education. In a poll conducted by @ORGANIZATION1, @PERCENT1 students say computers help their academic careers. In addition, many adults also use computers for education. Most of the students in @CAPS2High School' @NUM1 class drop out before finishing their senior year. Among these students @PERCENT2 completed their high school and college years with online courses. Another reason for how computers can benefit society is by helping occupations. In the @CAPS3 industry, @PERSON1, @CAPS4 said, if we didn't use computers, I don't know where our business would be. “@CAPS5 In a poll by @CAPS4 of many high-end industries, @PERCENT3 said their business revolves around the internet. This is likely your @CAPS4 poll. Finally, computers can help dispersed households , with a marine who said he tried to contact family members at sea, and if anyone is qualified to contact family members they haven't seen in two years, it must be someone in the military. In conclusion, computer technology benefits many people. It can be implemented The system that people's computers use can be regulated, but it won't make anyone happy. Changes can be made, but if someone tries to take something important, are you going to do something to stop it?"
Dear newspaper @CAPS1, I believe if you allow yourself a maximum of @CAPS5 @CAPS2 @NUM1 minutes per day, you will have plenty of time to get out and exercise. Moderate use of @CAPS5 is fine, but if you use @CAPS5 a lot, it won't be healthy for you @CAPS2 (unless it's your job) you should only use @CAPS5 @CAPS2 @NUM1 minutes to an hour a day! So my guys are on @CAPS5 so much that their eyes are getting worse and it's not just affecting your physical health but it's hurting your body @CAPS3 is something about closed eyes, red eyes and even @CAPS4 Story This is a very serious issue, people like this are called @CAPS5 @CAPS6 @CAPS7 to @CAPS8 @CAPS9 @CAPS10 more people than @PERCENT1 say they know or are @CAPS5 addicts, scientists say that number next year will double or even triple. I know people need to use @CAPS5 @CAPS2 things like emails, projects, ideas, and even models, but really someone is reading another book!
Dear Newspaper, In my opinion, I believe that kids and adults spend enough money on their computers and I can see how it's good for you in some ways, but it will keep you away from Harvey, Outdoor activities and exercise. It can also affect your eyes later in life. People continue to use the @ORGANIZATION1, @LOCATION1, and @CAPS1 search engines, and a little over half of the results on these sites are fake. The more people who use the computer, the more likely they are to be praised, which is a big thing in the community. These are some ideas, but I have a few more no worries and details to go with them. People need fresh air, exercise and enjoy the outdoors. You can do all of these things if you've just stepped away from your computer. Rather than scouring the web for these places and what they're all about, go check them out. You'll get fresh air, exercise and experience. After you get that experience, you'll pass it on and others won't get any hot fakes. For example, you can search the web for @CAPS2 and they only have pictures of food. But if you visit there, you will really eat to the end. Would you rather sit in a chair and stare at your computer, or go outside and have fun in places you've never seen before? You'll never get or learn anything by puturizing, and you'll get something more than clicked. However, if you think you have a little or possibly some experience with your writing tools, you will learn and. It's also because kids are too lazy to go out because they don't do things outside, they're inside and get used to them because they've been their computer all the time. My guest I also agree to use a computer because they give you skills and where they go they don't give you. Like, you also need skills, primarily, hand-eye coordination to type collage long sheets, and those skills will benefit you in life. It's like a chain reaction, you type a lot on the computer, if you have good hand-eye coordination, your hand-eye coordination will be good, you'll do well in school, and so on. You will eventually succeed. Another benefit of computers is sales, more and more people are buying computers that help the economy, so I guess I agree, but my point would be to stick with not using computers. So whether you have a computer or not, if you don't, I'd rather not buy one, but please drop your ass, do some exercise, and go to those popular islands you frequent.
Dear newspaper, I read an article in the newspaper saying that people using computers is a good or a bad habit. I actually think it's a good idea for people to be on their computers. I have several reasons why this is a good thing. Whenever students need information on a topic, they turn to the internet for help. Research is helpful as there are probably many online sites that can give you what you need. Entering the subject of a search engine will help find any information that is helpful to you. Whenever @MONTH1 teacher needs to enter homework, you can enter it on your computer and have it ready the next day. You can also find interesting pictures of what you are learning. Sometimes, there may be more information on the Internet than a certain book you read. Sometimes it's best not to hunt for something all night or someone will get mad at the electricity bill. Also, it would be nice if you double-checked your information as it could be fake. Using the Internet is not just for work. People use computers to shop online, check movie times, and chat with friends. It's good that people are talking to their friends online because they @MONTH1 can't chat as much as they want at school and you @MONTH1 can't see them on weekends. Teens who talk online are usually talking to their best friends. If a friend in a group of friends might be in the same town as you, they can use the laptop they carry with them to talk. Then you might hear that you (and your friends) have something in common, and @MONTH1 is coming to where you live. So chatting with friends on the computer isn't that bad. Younger students usually learn to type. This can help them in the future if you need to enter school assignments, job applications or college applications. Learning to type is great because you can also see which keys are where and don't need to look at them a lot. Soon, you will be able to enter a certain number of words in a short period of time. This @MONTH1 also helps with reading and understanding big words. In conclusion, I don't think computers have much impact on people. As long as they're not there for more than two hours, then they're fine. Using a computer seems to do more good than bad.
Dear newspaper @CAPS1, my name is @CAPS2, @PERSON1, I think this idea based on why people need computers is a good statement / @CAPS3. My @CAPS4 oppinon also says people use their computers so much that they haven't exercised. If that's not true, follow the facts the computer has. Procedures on how to watch your weight. Technologies like stocks can also help people around the world with video chat, @CAPS5.com for instant messaging on websites, programs, and more. On the road, teenage things like computers help people video chat, email people their rezemate to work why and how. Show people their latest work. And elaborating to show people reading this is computer technology also helps @CAPS6 save. The main reason we need tech equipment is because people use it in navies, @CAPS6, trading ships, etc. all over the world. Why this is good, my point is that businesses need to order inventory for store operators etc. For @CAPS6 live use @CAPS7 Sean, Pregnancy, Pulse Radar and more. And on those fronts, the negative opinion from readers is mostly based on people being addicted to technology, and the fact that people really need technology to look around and most of everything in this world is made by technology. @CAPS8 is what people should agree to. Computers help people, talk, @CAPS9, email, live, help find family, friends, give directions, so my point @CAPS9 call your dean @CAPS1 and readers who interact with technology. is a great way to control how or what you do on your computer, making website audio and fun techniques my way allows people to help people in a variety of ways. Finding and creating ways to make money or interesting positive outcomes comes from using people in this world to get into and through technological devices. These days, people who read this should pass this story on to those who have a negative view of technology and help them think positively about it.
Dear newspaper, I think computers have had a very good impact on our lives. I say these are some of the reasons why it's a great way to use when researching fun games and activities that keep you connected to your distant relatives. First of all, if you just got an assignment for school or work, what topics @MONTH1 have to enter and research, if researching something or even checking your bills, computers are a great source of knowledge, @CAPS1, computers are fun, they There are many games and activities for you to play and do. Think of you sitting in the house on a rainy day bored with nothing to do. Just play some games on the computer or find some activities that the whole family can do. Finally, now computers are great for keeping in touch with distant family members, all you have to do is install a webcam and connect it to your computer, now they are our grandmothers, grandfathers, cousins and uncles, or whatever People are there and you can talk to them for free as if you were on the phone. In conclusion, as you can see, after all, I wrote computers for research, playing games or activities, and keeping in touch with my family. I'm at home @CAPS2 and the computer is mostly used for webcam watching my grandma @location 1. Well, I hope this letter will change your mind about the great invention of the computer.
Dear @CAPS1 times, @CAPS2 People think computers are good for socializing, but I don't think so. Computer risks weigh the pros and cons. My first example is my father. My father has never turned on his computer in his life, and his business is doing well. My father and his father have all their records in the safe. A friend of my father's has everything on his computer. When the virus hit it, all his files, along with his records, disappeared. All my father's documents are handwritten. He said if I needed to type, I would buy a typewriter. Also on facebook or something, one person can see everything another person is doing. This is a lot of people impersonating others, so @CAPS2 people are kidnapped or killed. A good reason is that when people have a lot of personal information, when the virus hits that person, that person knows everything you've posted about you. For example, I was watching a show on the Discovery Channel and a guy hacked into my space account and called people by that guy's name and tried to create a cyder for the Pentagon, that guy was almost caught but never got caught catch. So you can see why my family doesn't like computers. My family is always working on a farm or barn, we don't have time for the internet, the only thing you need is school work. No computer, no problem what ever happened the old-fashioned way.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I have @NUM1 reasons why computers affect people. First, computers are bad for the eyes. Second, the reason why people use computers so often. Thirdly, there are many games and places like myspace, facebook and even twitter etc. Read on so I can tell you my three reasons why. First, computers are bad for your eyes because computers are like @CAPS3, but not really, because computers give more information, and @CAPS3 doesn't really get much information that you can browse. My second reason is that the more people who use a computer, the more blind they become just because they use it for an hour or more. Third, some people are afraid even on a computer, they don't think they won't get more blind just because they're wearing gas, but they're wrong, they'll get more blind. As you read, you'll find the second reason I'm on a computer. My second reason is why people use computers a lot of people use computers just for them or their taxes but it's not good because just because you do your bills or your taxes you get a lot of other The information or state of people in countries or regions can be obtained without your knowledge, followed by people or on the computer to pay bills or taxes, they can also order things on the computer or buy air tickets to go where they want to go, such as Resort or business trip. My third reason is that they not only buy or order things, but they also go to sites that can make their lives better, like meeting someone special or something. As you read on, you'll discover the third reason I'm on my computer for so long. My third reason is that they have a lot of activities to do on the computer, for example myspace, facebook and twitter are the most popular sites people go to to meet new people and talk to old friends. In conclusion, people should not use computers too much for their health and privacy, and make sure not to meet strangers.
Computers play a huge role in our society. Some believe this will affect our society and benefit the people in @LOCATION1. Others think computers are hurting @CAPS1 citizens. I believe that computers can bring our society into the next era and can enhance people's use. Comptores can benefit people by tracking hand-eye coordination, enabling people to understand the world and allowing people to communicate with others. Computers can help people work with their hands by teaching hand-eye coordination. One argument for this is that computers replaced exercise. For many @CAPS2s, a sport is their workout and in every sport you need hand-eye coordination. Computers don't replace them in improving people's ability to play, such as being a goalie in any sport that requires quick mentions and good hand-eye coordination. Computers can help save more goals by improving hand-eye coordination. Having good hand-eye coordination can also save your life. If the knife is yours the world of humanity tells you to put your hand over your head. If you have hand-eye coordination, you will use your body to avoid the knife. Computers can help you physically, but they can also help you mentally. A computer can take you around the world without leaving your room. Computers can teach culture and life you didn't even know existed. cahan @CAPS1 Can't afford to see the world in person, computers allow those people to see the world from a different perspective. If students need to know all about a country, they can go online and take a tour. A student couldn't go to the country, so they went to the stuff computer at second base. They can be one click away. Family, friends and colleagues are all people you need to talk to. Computers make it easy for anyone to communicate. Now you can talk and see a person in a video chat. It's good for society because if you're talking to a business partner, you can point to the graphs and charts you make. You can also see a lover you miss. They are a different type of communication for everyone. You can send emails, @CAPS4, instant messages, and more. Communication connects people all over the world, it is a small world after all. Computers have taken our society to a new level. People can travel the world in a second, converse with anyone and perform hand-eye coordination. Computers are growing @LOCATION2 stay ahead. What will you choose?
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 People are using technology. Many of them believe it helps and enhances their learning ability, others disagree. Personally, I think computers are both advantages and disadvantages. I say it can be an advantage because it gives people the opportunity to experience things beyond what they have been taught. I say it's a disadvantage because a lot of people are on the computer and they don't get a lot of exercise. Computers have pros and cons, but also manliness. How long have you been on the computer? @CAPS2 People find computers more fun than going out and working out. With the advancement of technology, more and more people go out to buy computers. Many teens are spending more and more time on the computer, playing games and browsing their favorite websites. This is one of the reasons why @NUM1 and over are obese. They don't get enough exercise. It also causes people to spend time with your friends and family. I know a lot of people who enjoy spending time with friends and family. But what if you're always on your computer and never find time to hang out with your friends or family. Your friends may ask you to go to the park with them, and you say no. Your friends will start moving away from you. You may end up feeling lonely. Regular computer use can ruin your life. If you choose computers over other important things, then I think we have a problem. Playing on the computer all the time is addicting. I don't think people realize this, but it can. I can take over your life. I say this because when you're addicted to anything, it's hard to stop. It's possible to stop on your own, but it's rare. Most of the time it's best to ask for help, and I personally think you should consider all of these reasons.
Dear @CAPS1, I am writing to inform you that I agree with the following as stated in the writing prompt. First, I'll talk about how people overuse computers. Second, I'll talk about people who talk too much online. Lastly, I would say spending a lot of time on their computer. First, people who use computers excessively. First, people like to play things like myspace, and second, people like to play online games. ALstly, some people like to chat with others online. For example, if you go to the soemones house, you will always see somewhere a kid or parent online or playing online gmaes. Also, people talk too much online. First, they always go to Facebook. Second, they got myspace where you can steal your identity. Finally, kids love to do it on myspace, it's smae and myspace. For example, people might come to you and say you have so-and-so, can I get your email address? Of course, spending too much time on their computer is not good. First, kids can have problems online and make them worse. Second, it could be a fight with a friend. Finally, may not be active, but play live or visit other online sites. So @CAPS1 are you starting to agree on why people should be outdoors and having fun. Anyway, that's why I agree with beign active, because being on the computer all day will get yours and hard work on the computer @NUM1.
Computers should be for everyone! Do not you think so? , I would. This is how @CAPS1 convinces you. Computers can basically be called gateways to learning. The positive effect of computers on people is that it can teach hand-eye coordination, allow people to understand distant places, and even allow people to converse with other people online. These great qualities that computers provide to people are fantastic. Also, over time, computers only keep getting upgraded. So, as you read this introduction, I hope you're satisfied with what I'm about to show you, in order to show you that computers are positive devices and can be helpful to everyone. First, as I started in the introductory paragraph, computers help teach people hand-eye coordinates. I believe this is a good thing because there is not much you can do without it. such as flying a plane. You can't do this without hand and eye coordinates because you have to manually move the plane and multitask to check that everything is in order. Besides, this is just one of the reasons why computers are a positive for everyone's benefit. Second, computers enable people to learn about distant places and people. It's also good for people's benefit, because every bit of it has knowledge. Your knowledge of other cultures, heritage, family history, and more. In the long run, this can also help you with whatever you want, because knowledge can help you. It can get you very far in life, so learn as much as you can, and I'm sure computers can do that. This is another reason why computers can have a positive impact. As for the last reason, I said that people can also chat with other people online on their computer. It's also beneficial because like I said in the @NUM1 paragraph, you can learn a lot and meet new people this way. Now you don't think computers can benefit anyone! I do and will always be positive about computers. To my conclusion, I would like to say that I hope you enjoy every point I have said, and you can also agree with the positive impact of computers on people. I truly believe that computers are good for everyone and should continue to exist. It benefits society and I love every bit of using it. thank you.
Dear Newspaper, It has been argued that today's technology such as computers has made more and more people lazy and reluctant to enter the real world such as people who don't spend time with their families are becoming very unhealthy, and the @CAPS1 website Talking to people can make you hurt, and you can get hurt. First of all, who doesn't want to spend time with their family and understand what's happening to them, @CAPS1 people, because they're busy on the computer instead of going camping with their family, going to the amusement park and some family gatherings. People who think computers are useful things, but @PERSON1 says "@CAPS1 people learn more easily from friends and family than from computers. Second, @CAPS1 people are becoming @CAPS2 because of computers instead of going for a walk or a good day, they Sit in your own room, sit at the computer, see the virtual stuff, not the stuff. @CAPS1 Prove whoever is sitting at the computer, you should probably take one motor study a day. Finally, @CAPS1 @CAPS3 Continue With computers, adults get better and better for talking to people you never meet or really know. When you're at work and someone lives where you live, they may lie and you can be serious Treat them and meet them that's why you were killed or disappeared. Also, computers allow you to put pictures and videos online, many teens and adults post very inappropriate pictures of these dead bodies on the internet, people shouldn't See that. If you or your family are always on the computer, you should say you need to spend time with your family, you may become very unhealthy, and you may be at risk of harm from people you don't know.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 I don't believe computers are good for society, I feel that way because I've heard some experts worry that people are spending too much time on computers and not having time for unproductive things. The main reason I object to having computers around is because the people who use them the most ignore their family and friends. The second reason I object to keeping computers is that they are too time-consuming. Last but not least, I am against having a computer around because people spend so much time on it and less time exercising. Now, let's talk about the ways people ignore family and friends. Computers are addictive, so I can understand why people ignore their loved ones for their sake, and while I can understand why some people do, I don't think it's right. I have a lot of friends who would rather be on facebook or myspace than hang out with me. The sites listed above can really make you forget about reality. My friends will forget to interact with anyone and everyone just to spend all day on the computer. The reasons listed above tell you why I think computers should be taken away for neglect of purpose. Now, let's talk about all the time computer users are consuming. I believe time is a very precious thing and you should not waste it. So when I read about people wasting time on the computer all day, I was very frustrated myself! Statistics show that the average teen spends @NUM1 hours a day on the internet, statistics also show that the average day spends about @NUM2 @NUM3 hours on the computer. When I read the above stats, I started to realize that people spend too much time doing nothing on the computer. Now, let's talk about more exercise. I, myself, know that too much time is spent on the computer. I know I know the fact that kids don't exercise. Exercise is very important for growing children, and if they don't get all the exercise they need, it can lead to health problems in the future. Statistics show that around @PERCENT1 of @NUM4 children are obese. The above reasons tell you why I think exercising is more important than spending time on the computer. Now, let this letter come to an end.
Dear @CAPS1: People spend a lot of time on their computers. This applies to children and adults. Think of anything you can do on a computer that you can do without a computer. That and people need to spend more time outside of experiencing nature. Finally, some bad things can show up and happen online. I challenge you to name one thing you can do on your computer that you can't live without. You can't even say a name. Come to think of it, you can research and find pictures from books and magazines. On social networking sites, you can actually go and see the person, or if they're far away, you can call them or write to them. To keep up with current events, you can read the newspaper or watch the news. If you like using computer design programs, try drawing real pictures. Finally, if you download a lot of music, you can watch the band live on just one cd or better. Let's face it, you can't do anything on a computer that actually needs a computer. Artificial simulation is not suitable for real outdoor activities. On a computer all you can do is watch, it's nothing even compared to the real thing, it's just a snapshot of it. Outside you can bask in the warm sun and cool grass, you can smell the fresh pine trees and the fresh air. You can hear all other creatures around you. Going outside is better for you. Outside you'll get exercise and vitamins @CAPS2, while inside you'll be lazy and sick. Don't you see how great the outdoors can be? Computers do more harm than good. They can show children inappropriate pictures and talk about inappropriate topics. They even use computers to sell illegal drugs now. Children also often use the internet irresponsibly and things that can destroy friendships and get them into trouble. Computers also make it easier for kidnappers to find children and kidnap them. They do this by pretending to be the child's companion and then using the child's information, he will carry out an almost unrestrained kidnapping. This is happening more and more frequently. Computers are not as easy to use as you might think. Computers are not really good for our society. They are not used without taking care of the rel. Not a substitute for the real outdoors. Finally, they can easily be used for bad or even illegal purposes. As you can see, the computer should be used as much as the public.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 is a society where we are very concerned about progress and invention. One invention that has made a huge impact in the world, but is still amazing...it's the computer. This technology has so many benefits and positive effects on people that everyone would be stunned without it. For example, the device allows people to stay connected using public social networks. In addition, specially designed computers can meet the specific needs of people. Furthermore, they allow you to expand your knowledge. Therefore, computers have an active role. Think of everyone you emailed or instant messaged in the past week...your dad, when he was away on business, your aunts and uncles emailed you pictures of their newborn babies, your Friends from camp...the list could go on and on. Computers like @CAPS2 or @CAPS3 provide social networking like @CAPS4, i-chat, video chat, and more so you can stay connected with family and friends. For example, in my life I use my @CAPS5 to video chat with my sister @PERSON3 who is a freshman in college at @LOCATION1. It's our way of staying connected, not not seeing her for months on end, or having to pay for a plane ticket every weekend to come downstairs to see her. Keeping in touch with people in different towns, states and even hemispheres via a computer is a piece of cake. However, computers also provide surfaces for those with medical needs. If someone has just been rushed to the hospital, the computer will be used to monitor that person. According to @PERCENT1 of Nationwide Hospitals, computers are essential in their facilities. For example, when my grandfather @PERSON2 was treated at the @CAPS6 hospital, computers were used to make sure his heart rate, oxygen levels and blood pressure were all checked. And, if something goes wrong. The computer will alert the doctor. So computers are also a huge help in @CAPS1's medical department. Finally, computers can expand a person's knowledge. There are thousands of websites; all of them can teach people different things. For example, if you're traveling to @LOCATION2 and want to learn about their culture before you leave, you can just type it into your computer's internet browser and bang! Thanks to your computer, you are now fully prepared for the holidays. Also, in my life, my teachers assign @CAPS1 research papers asking us to find information on a topic. Maybe going to the library is not an option, how will you get the information? The answer is simple, keep going online! Internal research is the preferred method of conducting research at all universities. I was recently assigned a @CAPS7 @CAPS8 project by my social studies teacher @PERSON1 where we had to choose my community service topic and do research. Every student in my class uses a computer in some way, shape or form to complete their project. Therefore, a computer allows you to obtain information efficiently. In conclusion, computers provide a wealth of uses. Mainly include the ability to exchange information with friends and family, help in the medical field, and the expansion of knowledge. Since then, I believe that computers have brought positive technological progress to @CAPS1, and its impact on people has been considerable.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, @CAPS4 Do you think computers have a positive or negative impact on people? I think it has a positive effect. There are several reasons for this. First, computers are used in education all over the world. Second, it helps us connect and meet new people. Finally, you can use your computer to get world news. As you can see, these are just a few of the reasons. First, computers are used in education all over the world. For example, some people use it to go to college online. Others use it to find information about places like Egypt that we can't go to. Second, it helps us connect and meet new people. We can chat with friends, which is very useful. If we need to know what homework is, we can chat with friends. Finally, you can use your computer to keep up with world news. We can go and see if something serious happens, like the earthquake in Haiti. As you can see, these are just a few reasons why I think computers have a positive impact on us. I hope you agree with me.
Dear @PERSON1 I think computers are good for people, it helps them find where it is good for people, also use "@CAPS1" to show computers @CAPS2 you go find a job where you have computer experience find a good paying job Come do something big @CAPS2 You're getting old I know how you have five stars and @NUM1 stars you don't want to go to. You'd rather have a fire, that's why computers are so much better, the computer will tell you my hands are fine @NUM2 because if you're making fingers, if a lot of people use the computer, my teachers use the computer on a regular basis every day and they see Get up and send them into the computer and give them a name. I'm doing my teacher's CMR I'm this computer and that's what I think computers are good for people.
Dear @CAPS1, don't you think nature is better than spending too much time on the computer? Well, in general, I think so, I'll just give you three reasons. First, this is about the fat percentage in @LOCATION1. Second, you can spend more time with your family. Finally, you can enjoy all that nature has to offer. I think the outdoors is the best option because @LOCATION1 needs some exercise instead of spending time on the computer. Also because obesity rates have risen very high. In @DATE1, @PERCENT1 is obese or overweight. Last year at @DATE2, it was @PERCENT2. Wow, the rate goes up every year like @PERCENT3. This information is available online at www.tomatotalks.org. Another thing I want to consider is that it is a good thing to spend more time with family and even friends. All statistics show that spending time with family anywhere, especially at the dinner table, is a great way to talk about the problems kids have at school and learn about their parents' mistakes. Share the laughs too. In the end, what matters most is what they will do for their future. Last but not least, you can enjoy the greater outdoors and spot some of the most important creatures such as insects, reptiles and mammals. These creatures are the most important things to learn in our lives. And the trees that give us oxygen. When your career is all about science, nature has its enormous benefits. Computers are educational, but naturally better!
Those who worry about the bad things about computers are right about a few things, but do have benefits, like what recruits the military needs, they can put ads on the computer that everyone will see, and what dropouts, they want the first For a second chance, they can apply to schools online. My last reason is that people who have a hard time finding jobs are always looking for the best jobs on the internet for them. Read more about how the internet can benefit society. First, as the army loses more and more soldiers in battle, they try to recruit people, and they can advertise them on the internet. Sure, they could mail it out, but it would take a long time for people to find and understand it. For example, they can post an ad on myspace and have it seen by thousands of people in minutes. Finally, the Internet is a great way for the military to recruit soldiers. Next,
Computers have a lot of cool stuff. If we let go of them, our lives can change dramatically. You can exercise with a computer, then it also depends on @CAPS3 limitations. In the end, it saves lives. Computers are great, if we're going to give them up. There will be no more internet. You won't be able to chat with friends via @CAPS1 or email. Phone prices will skyrocket. We will technically go back to @NUM1 to @NUM2 years. Lastly, large corporations will have a harder time without a computer where a computer can help with exercise. One way is that we can find the nearest gym on the internet. We can find healthy food right away You can also buy one of the @CAPS2 for PC. You can also find free workout videos. Next, it should depend on @CAPS3. If they see their child is spending a lot of time commuting and gaining weight, they can easily limit it. They can say that for the hour you're on the computer you have to do an hour of exercise. In the end, computers can save lives. Before computers, drugs like Tyrone were used for everything. Nasal congestion, headache, cold, etc. Now we can see if the drug is dangerous on the computer. You can also find the nearest hospital. In the end, a computer can do a lot of good things, even though it can be less unhealthy and can save your life if you spend a lot of time on it. It can also destroy companies and our lives, @CAPS3 can give limits, and computers can be used to exercise. So read this article please don't take our computer
Don't you agree that spending time on the computer will take half your life? Playing on a computer can negatively affect you! I personally think it's good for you not to play on the computer, @CAPS1 to have more time for family, outings and staying healthy! Of course, using a computer means less exercise time. For example, let's say you spend an hour playing on the computer and that hour can be spent working out! Think about the options here; you can either sit in a chair and play on the computer, or go for a good run and burn off a lot of incoming calls! Statistics show that @PERCENT1 people who use a computer instead of exercising are at risk for health problems including obesity. As you can clearly see, using a computer is really not the healthiest option. Most definitely going for a walk or enjoying nature is better than going to the computer. A girl named @PERSON1 from @LOCATION1 "I love enjoying the great outdoors God has given me, I wish I knew it was a lazy woman years ago. If you just look out the window and see this Beautiful God made for us, you will want to go there and enjoy @CAPS1! Everyone wants to live as if they were dead there, or in other words, live a full life! In order to do that, you have to see life and walk Go out and experience @CAPS1, don't sit on the computer! There is no doubt that the world is beautiful and @CAPS1 deserves a glimpse of nature! Everyone knows that family is more important than everything! For example, you may love computers, but not Should end up cheering for your time with your family! One night on @DATE1, @PERSON2 was on the computer and her mom called "@PERSON2 @CAPS1 mealtime", @PERSON2 ignored her mom and chose to keep using Computers! Now you really can't give up time with friends and family because they are so important ! I know with my heart that seeing my family means the world to me, everyone shows for every family member More time than a computer! Now or never will decide if a computer is good for society! If you can imagine, without a computer, you could have so much free time with your friends and family! Most importantly @CAPS1 Not only will it benefit you, but @CAPS1 means so much to your family, so what are you waiting for? Get off your computer and spend quality time with your family!
Do computers affect people? They have good or bad effects. Dear local papers, I agree they have a great influence on people because you can learn from them, you can look at maps, and if you put that state online it's good to talk to people, you can shop online. I don't think @CAPS1 think adults spend more time on the computer than exercising I think kids mostly use the computer for games and other activities, some use the computer to do homework, write papers or find people. Computers are a great way to learn about people and words, not only for playing games and listening to music, but also great to use, you can look up restaurants and check prices, @LOCATION1 shows the site you can check out episodes of @CAPS1.V.Show online . I think computers are better than books and dictionaries because you can do all these things on a computer. Some people think a computer is a good thing because it's fast and easy. Some people think that computers are a waste of time. Computers are great because if you need to write a paper, you can type and print it out instead of messy handwriting, and if you're in a rush to search for something quickly, computers are great. Computers are great for books, writing paper, websites, chatting with friends, web maps, music, games, everything, and they do have a great impact on people and children.
Dear local paper @CAPS1, I agree to exercise,. I think people exercise more and spend time with family and friends. The problem is that more people should be exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends in less time, if the opposite is true. The number one reason I think people should spend more time exercising and not at the computer is because I think it's more about watching and watching the way they eat and being self-healthy because of the responsibility to see their kids eat and go out Workout and then self. My second reason is that I think people should spend time enjoying nature and not computers. I think the reason for this id is because they will never know what's going on on the computer. How could you never do it. My third reason is to interact with friends and family in your life. For example, during the holidays, I do a lot with family and friends, but I don't know why, because I interact with people and I learn that they are really fun, fun, and happy. Have fun, where is the computer. Please don't live your life live your life. Now or never should' people spend more time or more time exercising. Interact with family and friends.
Dear @LOCATION1, @CAPS1, what do you imagine the world would be like without computers? Without new technology, our daily life would be monotonous. Computers help society perform various activities that would not be possible if we did not have computers. They allow us to learn from home, connect with others, and provide a source of entertainment. For these reasons, our lives are made easy and convenient, which is what @CAPS2 people strive to achieve. The learning ability of ordinary people has been greatly improved. It has gone from just being able to learn @CAPS2 in various ways to improve your intelligence on the computer. Programs like @ORGANIZATION1 that teach people how to speak a language are available on the computer. These programs are like going to school, but more accessible to the public. To help the public further, there are ways to earn a college degree online. how. Even if you go to school, the computer @CAPS1 can still help you excel at work @CAPS2 There are research resources on the computer, and you love the Internet, the computer is a great place to have fun. However, people still think computers are good. They claim to get computers on the other hand, providing people with websites to help lose weight. They also say that people don't enjoy nature, although there are @CAPS2 ways to do so on a computer. Finally, declare that you don't. All in all, computers greatly benefit us and are good. New technology is a good thing and should continue to expand because computers can help the general public because of the ability to connect with people and have fun. Please think about what I said and buy a computer!
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 Technology has continued to evolve and improve the way we think over the years. From @DATE1's first simple phone to today's touchscreen iphone. From horseback riding to extraordinary fast sports cars and little trains. Advances in technology have proven that the sky has limits to the invention of aircraft. We even reached the moon and left ours! Computers will only get faster and. Although more and more people are using one of our greatest technological advancements, the computer, it is believed that it will not benefit society. I'm a big believer that computers will benefit. They have the ability to teach us what appears to be information, and secondly, they make the possible places smaller by communicating. Finally, they even have the ability to find missing persons. Computers have been helping society. What techniques do they follow to create life @CAPS3. First, computers are good for society because of their ability to teach us seemingly limitless amounts of information. Today, when someone knows/wants to get 1st place, they usually go easy. This is because engines like @ORGANIZATION1 have limitations on the amount of information a topic can exist. Not only did this get @CAPS3 out of the way, but it also helped with the primary school exams. The computer is also average. From banks to all PowerPoint computers! For this reason, even older computers like @PERSON1 find computers weird. Second, computers benefit society because they make the world a smaller place through communication. Sixty years ago, it could be relative. Today you can easily record a feature in @LOCATION2 from @LOCATION1 in less than ten seconds. Not only can you talk to grandma or grandpa, you can even see them smiling, kids can even laugh like @CAPS4. When there is one they can still talk about being vigilant. Finally, computers have the ability to locate missing persons for the benefit of society. @LOCATION3 Record Earth Mass. The cry of the mother and child from whom they came. It was these homes that were attacked by computers. On many sites on the Internet, @LOCATION3 has set up people locators. These locators allow you to write your name when disaster should happen. Not just your family. All they have to do is me! Computers even created our society. What action can be. In conclusion, I firmly believe in computer society because computers contain a lot of information and programs, they prove that the earth is a "small world" after all, and they make the world a safer place. That is, a lot of people are buying computers, so why don't you buy one?
Dear newspaper, I am writing you this letter about computers, and I hope you will publish it. Over @NUM1 @LOCATION1 people have a computer, but are they really healthy? I don't believe computers are a good thing. People spend a lot of time with them and less time to exercise, enjoy nature, and most importantly, it's very dangerous. I don't believe computers are a good thing because people don't exercise like they do. Some people spend @NUM2 out of @NUM3 hours on the computer, while others spend their entire lives on the computer. People spend so much time on the computer that they lose contact with the outside world. Obesity rates have risen since the advent of computers. All people do is chat with other people and think "they don't have to know what I look like." They sit at the computer and eat. That's not healthy. I don't think computers are good either because they spend less time enjoying nature. I used to have some free time where I could call a friend and ask them to go for a walk somewhere with me and they would say "of course! Now they say" @CAPS1 Get on the computer and we can walk virtually. "It's not the same as a real walk, with the fresh smell blowing in your face, and all the animals, at least not. Nature is a beautiful thing, and if you don't like to appreciate it, it can become horrible Stuff. Nature used to be the most peaceful, now think about the internet now. I don't think computers are good because the most important thing is they are dangerous. Children like me, think they have grown up, continue to use computers To rapists, murderers, thieves, kids of all criminals. Plus people send hurtful and violent stuff to everyone else, and you're on a computer, lots of bad guys can track you down. Plus, the military and @ORGANIZATION1 Keep a secret computer, but if you're smart enough, you can hack it. Computers are not safe for anyone or anything. Well, I've told you my main @NUM4 reasons why I don't think computers are such a great thing, They are not healthy emotionally or physically. People don't exercise, they don't enjoy nature, computers are very dangerous. All I can do is hope you publish my letter so that everyone can see my point of view and make own decision.
Dear press people, I think the impact of computers on us is good. You should agree. One reason you should agree is because computers are like teachers. For example, you can visit websites that teach you all kinds of things like math. You can also attend an online school or take university courses online. Another reason you should agree with me is because on a computer we can communicate more easily. On your computer, you can send emails and use your webcam to talk to people. You can also use facebook or myspace to chat and learn more about people. Finally, computers are for our entertainment. On the computer, there are many free games to play. You can also watch movies and listen to music online. Finally, you can have fun creating games and things to share with everyone. Without computers, we wouldn't be able to do any of these things anymore. I think it's really bad and a lot of people would agree with me. This is why you should agree with me, we
People use computers as a great way for them to talk to distant relatives or friends, learn keyboard skills, and research far-flung places. First of all, the amazing technology that computers have is amazing. They can browse the web in milliseconds. It's good for people because if you're doing a research paper on China, many search engines will get you surfing the internet very fast, and in a very short time, you'll have all the information you need. Scientists say @PERCENT1 computer users have fast internet and they recommend it to other first-time buyers. The computer I use is a unique one that can be customized to my liking. I love playing games and editing videos, so I got a great graphics card with great video rendering speed. This allows me to play games and edit videos, and my @NUM1 gb hard drive is able to store all my programs and projects for future use. Doing a lot of things on the computer can really help your hand-eye coordination. In fact, @PERCENT2 about computers is talking about using computers. They will type @PERCENT3 faster than before. That's a good number, but the type of common people I have can be written in @NUM2. I can type that big one in about @NUM3 minutes because it keeps typing the other @NUM3. The computer is a big part of my life and I still have time to do other things with family and friends. Computers help us the last thing people do to chat with friends on sites like facebook, myspace and @ORGANIZATION1. They both allow you to share with all your friends, and you can chat with friends or relatives far away. This is helpful because if you haven't spoken to your cousin in a while, you can check in with him and talk about things. I have a career, he graduated from college and now teaches at @LOCATION1, when we get together we do web chat with him on @ORGANIZATION1 which is helpful as we haven't seen him in @NUM5 years , we all wanted to see what he was doing. He can also send us pictures, which is helpful because we all miss his face. So, chat with distant relatives at great speed. These key factors show us that you can have fun on your computer while still having time for family and friends.
Dear local paper, computers have a great impact on people in our community, you can learn from them, talk to people out of state or even county, and you can learn hand-eye literacy. Computers can help you make money in a number of ways, one way you can learn from computers is that students can go online and look up this information for information on their school programs, which can help students get better grades. Students can also use computers as a way of learning. Kids play educational games on computer but they don't know they are studying and studying for school. Another method you can also use is an online course. It can also help people who don't have enough money to go to classes. As you can see, there are many ways to learn from owning a computer. Computers can also help you talk to people out of state or country. This can help family members stay connected while away from you. My cousin @PERSON4 and my aunt @CAPS1 Math live in @LOCATION1 and I didn't know until @DATE1 they came down. @CAPS3 I've seen them and I can get them to stay with the computer. "@CAPS2 Being close to family and friends is not only important for your health," said Dr @PERSON2. With haveng computers, we can talk to our relatives and help our health. When you graduate from college, people drop some good friends because they can live in a different state. Computers can help you stay in touch with them. Finally, a computer can help you with your hand-eye coordination, which is when you try to type words. By pressing the keys you want, you are learning this. I have sam children with special needs using a computer to help them learn the hand eye cornea. I have a girl at my school named @PERSON3 and when I am in class I have to help her with packing and @CAPS3 helps her by letting her eat and walk by herself. her teaching assistant. Ms @PERSON1 said computer games helped her. The impact of computers on society is good.
Hi do you think that if you use your computer too much then you won't exercise and you won't enjoy the outdoors talking and playing with your friends and family naturally one click can help a lot because the computer is overly demanding people, can save lives and become more technological advancements. We all progress like or help a person find what they need and you can still talk or chat with your best friend or just your grandma. A computer can help you with your homework or help someone learn to speak English and start learning not a new job or shop so they can but she will like it and buy it so if they like it they will come back for a higher return more A lot of people and make it into a lot of stores, all this and good vibes, computers can cook food and make new ones very well with just a click of a mouse.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 There has been a lot of controversy lately about how computers affect people's lives. I believe the impact on people is negative. The main reason I make this argument is. People are healthy and their users well-being. Did you know that more than @PERCENT1 children and teens are obese @NUM1 computers can contribute to this statistic. If one is eating unhealthy, but adjust the size. They can still be healthy, but if they keep using the computer and not all work. They got fat. This could be a serious problem. Being overweight has many health risks, just like the heart. It also prevents a person from exercising. If they are overweight, their legs may be sore, and simple stairs can be a huge challenge. Do you want obesity rates? I don't think so. If you watch TV, you can picture the perfect family. We all know that no family is like this. The introduction of computers may have made this fact even more confusing. For example, my cousin used to be an extroverted friend. Now because of the computer, he's a @LOCATION1 doing nothing but playing on the computer. He got up for breakfast. (approximately), then played on the computer until lunch. He ate a small lunch and went back to play. After @NUM2 to @NUM3, there is more to play. He turned off his computer and spent the night running around on his laptop. This greatly affected his family. They tried to get him to leave, but all he did was go online. His inability to interact with his family had a big impact. Although he can get out of the car and talk, one of the only ways to talk to him is through Facebook. Now it's because of this family. We can easily avoid this by telling everyone these known facts. My last argument to you is user health, many of us have Facebook @CAPS3 I have homework I'm going to use the internet to get facts and stories. @CAPS3 I did this to get on Facebook. If someone affects our grades. If we chat on facebook, we will do ours. If we don't do our homework, we won't get good grades. If only we could go to other serious problems. Another thing is that you may actually need your computer to stay. It can be addictive and you can rely on it "once he killed himself because he didn't have a computer". So @CAPS2 you can see a lot of negative effects on computer users. There may be many problems in the future, such as health. Happy family. So spread the word for thousands of people.
Dear local paper, I think computers are very useful to society. For example, millions of people and companies, as well as small businesses, need access to computers to run their businesses optimally. Everyone who uses a computer every day can confirm that they are very useful. In fact, computers are so useful that some schools are starting to take notice. I strongly recommend that you have a good understanding of this useful and very recognized technique. Did you know that many multi-billion dollar companies and small businesses need what computers provide? For example, my mom is a former area manager for the fast food company @ORGANIZATION1. When she was working at the company, they gave her a laptop that she could only use for work. This proves my point that corporations and small businesses need the power of a computer to run the business they run or are employed for smoothly. Computer technology has brought something new to education. Some teachers (including my own @PERSON1) have taken the initiative to incorporate modern computer technology into their teaching. Due to the popularity of computers, there are even courses in schools. For example, at my school, a computer education (or comp for short) program was created for children to learn about the knowledge and skills that using computers can provide them in the real world. In my opinion, I'm happy to have computers in so many places. Millions of people use computers every day. Businesses like @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 are starting to see the glory of using computers in their companies. In fact, computers are so useful and helpful that teachers have started using them in the classroom. I hope it's not just me who sees the benefits of computers, but anyone else @MONTH1 who is outraged by this letter.
Dear @MONTH1 followers, I am writing this article to inform how computers can benefit society. I don't think computers are that good because people use certain websites. People use @CAPS1 messaging as a way to connect with others. I also think some people are addicted because you can search for someone or @CAPS5. You'll find top sites that may not be suitable for users with computers. Some computers are bad education for some kids trying to learn how most kids use computers to surf the internet, most kids will play @MONTH1 games on the computer that are not suitable for this age group. My first reason is that when people use their computers, they discover websites that other people use. For example: @CAPS2, @CAPS3, @ORGANIZATION1, etc. Many people use websites to check email. For example: @ORGANIZATION2, @LOCATION1L, @CAPS4.mail, etc. Another reason I tell you people use websites is @CAPS1 messaging. People are suing @CAPS1 messaging to reach out to their friends, family and others they @MONTH1 don't know. People say it makes faster connections with people @MONTH1 can't reach. For example: the person does not have a phone, the person does not live nearby and the person lives in another town. I also think browsing people is good research. For example, you know someone but can't find someone to browse. The second is that people may be addicted. For example: they visit a website and visit it over and over again. They won't stop using it until it's gone. Also, people think it keeps them busy. For example, you have nothing to do on your computer. In the end, you will find top sites that may not be suitable for users. For example, you find a website, but it is not suitable for minors. Only @CAPS5 adults can watch. Another thing that computers are not bad education. For example, you can learn from proper websites that build brain muscles. My point is that I do think computers are good for society because it mostly helps you brainstorm, get you to understand websites and learn about them.
Dear @CAPS1 times, I'm writing about computers that was recently written in your paper. I believe they are an important part of today's world because: you can find information about conservation or articles in less time than searching for books, you can get important news updates, and you can be entertained with just one click. My first reason was the information on the internet. Let's say you're writing a paper on the ancient Egyptians and you need to know how to spell hiroglipics in a dictionary, which takes a few minutes, about @NUM1 seconds online. Or if you want to know when @ORGANIZATION1 died. You'll need to spend hours flipping through textbooks before you finally find it. It may take you a little over a minute to be on time. The second reason I like computers is news updates. You can figure out what happened to the recent natural disaster, or how your stock is doing. Computers also helped us in the recent election and will continue to do so for a long time to come. Anyone in the world can find the weather on the Timeline. If you're planning to travel somewhere, which is a bad thing, you can also do this with a computer. My third and final reason is that it's hard to get bored with computers. Everywhere on the web has a cool game or funny video. There are @NUM2 gaming sites and @NUM3 sites with funny/weird/cool videos and pictures on the web. Facebook and many other places allow you to share photos with friends, family and relatives. Alternatively, you can chat with strangers from all over the world. So the next time you need information, news, or are bored, keep using your computer and have fun.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 has been brought to my attention, people spend a lot of time on the computer, I agree, because people spend too much time on the computer, @CAPS2 is addicted, people don’t get enough exercise, and their eyes become Worse. So read on for my letter and I'll tell you about the side effects of computers. The bottom line is that @CAPS2 is really addicting to a lot of people who don't spend time with their family or siblings, some kids are so addicted that they come back from school and start using the computer all day without studying for exams or going home to work . People now spend so much time on the computer that they don't exercise or exercise with friends, sit all day, get lazy and gain weight because of the computer. We just need a computer to check @CAPS3 and facebook like I do, but I just check my facebook and go play basketball. I think one of the biggest problems is when you sit at your computer for a long time and get a headache and break your website. So thank you for reading my letter and hope you agree with me.
My dear, I firmly believe that computers are great. You can do a lot of cool things on your computer. Many people say that computers have bad effects on people, such as not getting enough exercise and spending time with family. I disagree with this because it is assumed that you have family members in different towns, cities or states. It's a great opportunity to have a website where you can webcam with anyone from all over the world, and it's free, you can do it anytime, anywhere if you have a laptop! My next reason is that with direct images you can see places you've never seen before, like in ads when our family wants to go on vacation far away and you don't know anything about it. You can check this place on your computer to see what it's about and see what other people have to say. Like is it really hot or cold, is it a good experience for kids, anything you want, the computer has it. My last reason why computers are good is because of studies, one thing that always happens is I leave my textbooks at home. I can turn on the computer and see what we have to do. You can also use computers to learn and learn easier ways to do something for any subject. Surveys show that @PERCENT1 of kids who study on a computer pass tests there and get a higher percentage of grades +@NUM1. Also, if a child is learning and doesn't know what a word is, they can look it up and find out the definition and how to use it in a sentence. That's why I think computers are a great exercise for your health and personality.
My point is that people spend a lot of time on the computer instead of focusing on their family. Another reason is that if people focus on computers, they won't do their homework. My third reason is that people don't like to hang out with their friends there. These are my reasons, now let me explain. First, people will focus on computers rather than their families. They will focus more on the computer way than playing with family and friends. People ignore their parents when they use computers. I know this because my sister completely ignores my parents while talking to her on the computer. Follow my advice or your kids will ignore you when you talk to them. The kids of @PERCENT1 keep using the computer and ignore everything. Now I can move on to the next reason. Second, people are very concerned about computers where they don't do homework or any school work. If they don't do their homework, they may get poor grades on their transcripts. If their grades are not good, they may fail the grading period and stay. Please listen or your child may stay. Now my third reason. Third, people don't like to hang out with their friends there. On weekends you don't want to hang out with your friends on the computer and have fun.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I am writing to you today because I have received a complaint that more and more people are using computers and doing less exercise. These concerned experts also said people need to enjoy nature and interact more with family and friends. These experts @MONTH1 are smart but they are wrong. I'm going to tell you how they were wrong. My first example is that someone who uses a computer a lot is still exercising. Take Twitter for example. Footballer ocho-cinco has been "twittering" but that doesn't mean he's not getting a workout. There are a lot of sports players on Twitter who are healthy. Most kids in my grade, including me, have Facebook. Most children are healthy. Just because they use a computer a lot doesn't mean they can't exercise. My second example is the effect of the computer. Students use computers to do many things. We use Wikipedia for projects and to study a person. Some schools know to rely on computers for almost a day. I remember when I lived in the country we never had to retype anything unless it was a project. When I moved to @CAPS3, I was always typing something. Even the draft they want me to type out. In the country, I would write my final draft. I have to use a computer. As we learn more and more about computers and schools teach us about computers @CAPS4, we use computers more and more. be someone. Found a new site there, will tell friends there and pass it on to @CAPS4. My third example is where experts say people are spending more time on the computer and less time interacting with family and friends. My grandpa, aunt and other family members all have a Facebook account. This means I can still interact with family and friends. Adults who play computer games a lot may not have family together every night and may go out with friends once in a while. Computers also benefit the society of business people who may need a powerpoint and they have a computer. When experts say we need to enjoy nature, interact with family and friends, and do more exercise, they may be right, but we can do all of these things and still keep using our computers. If you take a survey in @CAPS3 and see how many people use their computers almost every day, and you ask them how many people exercise, you'll find that both are fine.
Today, more than @PERCENT1 people spend a lot of time on their computers every day. I agree that having a computer at home is beneficial in terms of time, but for me the disadvantages outweigh the advantages of spending a lot of time on a computer. Disadvantages such as cyberbullying, illegal websites, criminals who use the internet to target their day, and the distraction of your grades and other school assignments by spending a lot of time on your computer. I think the people most affected by time spent on the computer are children. Most kids get their name from school and put their backpacks there, not sitting at the kitchen table or study area doing their homework, but sitting in front of the computer. So what happens to this homework assignment? It usually doesn't get done. Not having homework can drop a student's average significantly. However, homework isn't the only schoolwork affected by computers. Even at school, kids use the internet on their phones. This creates a huge distraction for the kids, which often ends up causing them not to complete the tasks assigned to them. Not getting the job done is not a problem. Computers are given to children through gifts. It also helps with bullying; cyberbullying. A lot of kids are bullied and picked on at school, but then the bullying takes them to the kids' house and throws the computer away. Back home, the child may receive harmful emails or instant messages. These hurtful messages @MONTH1 not only hurt someone's feelings, but their self-esteem and how they feel about themselves. Then as if cyberbullying and not doing homework weren't bad enough. There are also criminals on the computer. These criminals feed on children. They can find the password for the account. Because of the time they spend on the computer each day, they can find personal information about yoo. Once they get to know you well enough, they'll get used to gaining your trust, and problems will only escalate from there. While many kids are affected by the amount of time they spend on the computer every day, it's not the only ones. Adults are equally susceptible. One of the things that makes adults spend all their time on the computer is all the "great deals" they can find on a computer. But many of these big deals come from fake or illegal websites. Sites that sell stolen goods. Then show you all the benefits of buying from them, and then once you trust them and buy what they're selling, they have all your personal information. From them, you could end up with an empty bank account, or even identity theft. Does this really sound "great"? @CAPS1 For me the disadvantage of owning a computer is definitely the advantage of owning a computer. I think people need to stay away from computer desks, get good grades and avoid bullying and crime. Keep your bank account intact and identity secure. Instead, they should spend time outdoors, with family: or enjoy life!
Dear @CAPS1, I believe that computers are a very good thing in society. First, if people never use computers, they miss out on a huge opportunity to understand the world around them. Also, through computers, people can communicate with people from all over the world. If people use computers more frequently, they may develop the skills to seek job opportunities in a wider market. Therefore, computers can greatly help any community. Computers can provide many educational opportunities for exploration. Rather than using large-area books, one can pursue a large amount of information in a relatively small space. People can find anything they want to know on the Internet with relative ease. If not for learning, but for reference. If someone is doing a project at school. Computers can expand educational opportunities for many people. Second, the Internet can be used as a widely used communication tool. Any file or information can be transferred from @LOCATION2 to @LOCATION1 @CAPS2.C in seconds. Likewise, if two people are far apart, they can easily communicate, since the invention of social networking, it's easy for @MONTH1 to meet up again to discuss things. As computer communication becomes faster and faster. Finally, the use of computers is becoming a common requirement for many occupations due to the overexpansion of the job market. Most engineering-related jobs require modeling and drafting using different programs. Additionally, most governments are now networked with files on computers. Also, most jobs related to any type of business require someone who can type quickly. Because many jobs require experience with computers, they should be part of any community. In conclusion, experience with computers can benefit anyone and society as a whole.
Computers impact people's lives by taking them away from their families, that's @NUM1 reasons why computers impact people's lives. @NUM2) They don't know what's going on out there. @NUM3) their family @NUM1). their job. Please listen to my reason why the computer effect person is alive! My number one reason is that they don't know what's going on because they're too busy on the computer. Their friends might win something important and they want you to be theirs, but no, they're just busy on the computer. They will miss nature or hang out with friends. It's like they meet someone in one place and they say they just mean they're on the computer all day. My second reason is their family. I say their family because they can miss a lot of things. Such as family reunions, family vacations, etc. It's like one of their family members is injured and they try to call you and you don't answer because you're busy on your computer. You could lose your wife because of the computer because you forgot her birthday, she and she because you were on the stupid computer. Regarding their children, what if they want to play but have nothing to do? Say no because of your computer. Their families will get back on their feet. My third and final reason is their work. They may lose their jobs because the work you miss will cause you to do nothing on the computer causing the computer. If they lose their jobs, they can pay the price for not being able to use a computer. They will be at home without lights and computers because they have so much stuff and don't pay attention to what's going on. They will feel like they will because they don't have a computer. Or the computer is broken and he doesn't have enough money to buy electricity. These are all reasons. @NUM2) They don't know what's going on out there. @NUM3) their families @NUM1) their jobs. Thank you for listening to my reasons.
Almost everyone in our society today uses Computer Weather @CAPS4 to research, play games or interact with others. These are all positive things. From @NUM1 grades to online colleges, schools across the US use computers. People benefit from computers by doing everything from them. @CAPS2 Anyone with a brain can realize that computers are a positive in today's society. First of all, computers are a good thing because they can do almost anything for you. You can play them and interact with other people because a computer can do almost anything for you @CAPS4 is a good thing because if you need to get work done, if you need to research you can do it @CAPS1 can do it @CAPS1 Can help you on any topic. The reason why playing games can be positive @CAPS4 @CAPS1 not only gives you a good hand-eye warning line, but @CAPS1 also exercises your brain and can be a learning for toddlers. The reason to interact via computer @CAPS4 is that you learn how to do things and talk for business via email and make many @CAPS2 please use your brain and computer our society today. @CAPS2 Keep going, Americans are the smartest people in the world and so are we. I @CAPS3 have to like you @CAPS4 why we send each of them to school @NUM2 every year. Would that say they use a computer? Some people will say that computers are bad, and you like it. Use your computer and make it better in your life. @CAPS2 As you can see, computers are a good thing and can benefit your life @CAPS2 I beg you, for your benefit, use a computer and benefit your life. is for you.
Dear @LOCATION1, I believe that computers are good for society. Computers help in many ways, but the main reason @NUM1 is that they help us better store important documents or learn foreign languages and access information. Therefore, without further elaboration here, a broader reasoning is carried out. First of all, computers help us store many files without computer companies involved in auctions and many other things having to store everything in filing cabinets. This will take a long time and there won't be enough space, so @CAPS1 will put a lot of files everywhere @CAPS1 thinks of it. You use a computer to get the store to send your newspaper articles, and without a computer you can't keep everyone up to date. Second, they help use learning to learn foreign languages better. Computers help to understand what other people are saying in other countries of the world. Like I have a grandmother, she can learn Spanish. Now I can talk to her and she can understand me. Finally, the computer helps to obtain information using. They help us get information on school programs, record directions, and more. In the year of @DATE1, people didn't have computers, but when the first routers were made, my people went up by @NUM2 points. The peasants became slaves and became very rich, I even started collage when I was NUM3. So before you say people spend too much on computers and spend less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends, think about what computers do for us @CAPS1. So more computers benefit us a lot. Having storage devices can help us learn foreign languages and access information better. So choose right and think about what computers do for us.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, I think computers play an important role in modern cities. For this reason, I think @CAPS4 should take advantage of @CAPS4. @CAPS4 can do a lot. @CAPS4 can use it for @CAPS6 related to @CAPS7 @CAPS4 can use it for @CAPS5 @CAPS6. @CAPS4 can also chat online. @CAPS4 can use it for @CAPS6 in relation to @CAPS7. Such as homework and projects. @CAPS4 can use it for information on projects or homework. @CAPS4 can use it for @CAPS8, @CAPS9 and @CAPS10. And many other reasons why @CAPS4 should use @CAPS12 for @CAPS7. @CAPS4 can use the computer for @CAPS5 @CAPS6. Just like making holiday and birthday cards. Pay your morgiges bill online. @CAPS4 can book hotels online. @CAPS4 can play or proxy online games. @CAPS4 for bidding on ebay or amazon. Pay for long distance calls. @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS13 if you missed it. Or just @ORGANIZATION1 showing general. @CAPS4 can use it to chat online. Just like sending an email or chatting on ooVoo. So that's why @CAPS4 takes advantage.
Dear newspaper, In my opinion, I think computers are really good for society. One reason is because people can learn new things, it makes life easier, and finally, people can meet new people while using the computer. First, we can benefit from computers because we can learn new things. People can find places they've never heard of, or they can see what's going on in the world. Computers can help school children who want to learn new things. A computer can help you find important information that you may need to know in the future. Second, having computers in our society can make life easier for some people. On a computer, you can order things from online sites instead of trying to go out and buy them. For people without transportation, this will help make their lives a little easier than they are now. Or, for example, if a person wanted to buy something that wasn't already in the store, they could go online and they might buy it online. Finally, having a computer can help you meet new people. If someone just moved from another town or state, this will help them meet new people. Or, if students don't know anyone at the new school, they might find them online and they can get to know each other. In conclusion, computers help our society in many ways. They can help us learn new things and we can all meet new people. Computers can make our lives a little easier. This is why I think we should keep computers in our society.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3 A world where information cannot be kept, for the world to observe a place where it is impossible to communicate with loved ones or friends; or life without being informed of a disaster on the other side of the planet. Obviously, life without a computer is a complete mess. Computers provide education and keep in touch with friends and family I'm sure our world will benefit greatly from this mericle. Medicine, @CAPS4, @CAPS5 Building and revolutionizing our lives have been made possible by computers. @PERSON1 is an old friend of mine. He was one of the few people to walk on the moon for the first time. They were amazed at what their astronauts saw. But computers make that experience a reality. @PERSON1 remembers receiving some of his first footage of his moon landing on his computer before the photos and videos were released to the public. However, @PERSON1 isn't the only one who agrees. Johnson is the Principal of @LOCATION1 Private School, @PERCENT1 Our education comes from computers after winning @LOCATION1 Best School Award. We engage our students with technology. These guys keep improving, making the best medicine carts and computers. Our students are all beneficial to our world today. "@CAPS6 Satisfied with our children's education? In trouble; facing difficult decisions; even just lonely and longing for someone to lean on; who are you to go first? Your loved ones, they are always there when you need them By your side. Now, because we have access to computers, whether around the world or across the block. We will always be in touch with our loved ones. @PERSON2, my friend, found out her aunt was diagnosed last year Suffering from cancer. However, she is at a boarding school in @LOCATION2 and her aunt needs her support. Instead, she is with her every step of the way on webcams, emails and @CAPS7. After that she can even Contact her doctor to see her condition. Her aunt and her niece beat cancer and live happily ever after. With only @NUM1 chances of survival, @PERSON2 gave her the support she needed in her most difficult @CAPS2. Not only Did not see the positive effects of staying connected. @NUM2 happy families are still connected after being separated via internet, according to a family therapist in marcos.” @CAPS8 Can anyone leave the person you care about the most? @CAPS3 A world with a well-rounded education for our children to take advantage of, a place where we can always be together. This is the world we live in.
@ORGANIZATION1, @DATE1, people have been exercising less and not enjoying the outdoors. They are some people with less time for family and friends. I say it's the computer! "This machine is a great resource, but people are starting to get addicted to it. We need to get the message across to these people. Yesterday, I went to my local library and found @NUM1 computers in the library. All The computers were packed with @NUM2 people lining up for the next one. I asked those @NUM2 people "why are they there?" "For homework," said one teenager. Another, "just come and play." I also asked, "How do they stay healthy?" "I don't like @CAPS1 fit" said the beautiful lady. "@CAPS1 fit is bad if you're always on the computer" said the teenager. The response I got from those people is incredible. If we How will we survive all these diseases and cancers without staying healthy. This reason probably doesn't fit @CAPS1. I don't know about you, but I care about my family and I would never spend the rest of my life in front of a computer , not my love. In , I was amazed to find that projects, assignments, and research c take up half of your time, with your family. Doing a computer, you can find a vacation spot for you and your friends, and you Can't be more than a few minutes. The great outdoors should be one of the best places. As it exits, it's great and the area is great. If you're looking at the door outside on your computer, now's the time when you're probably with your family Live. My dad said it was the great life it was. The days are getting shorter, let's live this life."
Dear local paper, I agree with the impact of computers on people. It helps people learn hand-eye coordination, enables people to learn from a distance, and you can chat with other people online. Computers teach hand-eye coordination. As @CAPS1 grows, they learn the alphabet and spelling. There are many online programs that teach @CAPS1 how to type. Once @CAPS1 starts learning how to type, they end up typing fast. Computers help @CAPS1's future learning and all these learning sites, @CAPS1 will be able to teach them to solve new things. Wouldn't it be a blessing to meet people from afar? You will study culture there. Do you want to know something? They move around every day, do you? Then learning a new culture is a faster way to make friends. There is no connection. One day, I'll be someone who doesn't want to be friends, maybe more than that. Be positive about online chat or online dating services. As I've seen for the reasons above, computers have an impact on people. Computers teach you hand-eye coordination, allowing you to learn about distant places and people, and chat with other people online. Make sure you stay positive and stay safe on your computer.
@ORGANIZATION1, computers are very beneficial to me. I say this because if it weren't for the @CAPS4 computer, we wouldn't know as much about other countries as we do now. Also because it is another source of communication. Another reason is that computers can help kids get work done faster. Hopefully after reading this article you will feel the same way about computers as I do. First, computers help people understand what is happening to people on other islands. @CAPS4 Example You've heard of @CAPS1 happening with @LOCATION1 via tv but what if you want to get more info about it. All you have to do is enter it and it will give you a lot of information. It also shows what's going on elsewhere and how people deal with all of that. Another example is communication. Computers allow people to have conversations without a phone or face-to-face. This helps people a lot because not everyone likes to call (me) all day and communicate like that. You can also visit the website @CAPS2, @CAPS3 or elsewhere to chat with your friends. Some people prefer to have pen pals. Pen pals are a way you can communicate with people you've never met and people from another country, and you have @NUM1 reasons to do so from your computer. My reason why computers are good for them is the way they are done @CAPS4 example let's say you have to find a definition like this, instead of looking up a word in a dictionary, you just type the definition. Also, if you have to do it historically, you can find him/her on your computer. So I want you to consider that computers are a great @CAPS4 society.
Dear @MONTH1 concerned people, @CAPS1's name is @PERSON1, I think computers are bad for society. When comparing the @NUM1 and @NUM2 centuries, computers are the biggest difference. People have become overly reliant on computers. Communication on a global scale isn't very helpful, and people spend hours a day at the computer instead of exercising. In general, I think society is better off without computers. At the end of @DATE1 before the millennium, everyone was afraid of the so-called @NUM3. The year 2000 was supposed to be the time when all computers were shut down and not working. Computers are in the infancy of society, so everyone thinks they are great. People panic at the thought of their precious computer not working. Entire countries have become computer dependent. Everyone hides in attics and basements waiting for the end of the world. Do you know what happened? The sun came out the next day and everyone breathed a sigh of relief and logged into their emails. Not only for the liberation of a world that has no end, but for the life of the computer to continue. Today, people are still more reliant on computers. I recently visited @LOCATION1 and rested everywhere, they even had their laptops they had to carry with them. In conclusion, @CAPS2 society is in a sad state, they are very computer dependent. When you get why humans need computers, a quick intuition is to say communication. why is that? We have a phone. Is there national television? We have many ways of communicating, like writing a letter to someone or something? Communication wouldn't be a problem, in fact it mostly caused trouble. Computers and the Internet have allowed news to spread quickly, if not for free, to the detriment of some people's interests and publicity. They also allow exchanges with foreign countries. Excessive communication can plunge a country into war. Usually @LOCATION3 doesn't know what's going on, but with the internet, the state is quickly involved. Computers created communication and you can easily communicate with family and friends in other ways. Since I'm a teenager, I also know the issues with young people and computers. A lot of times kids don't want to go out and sit at the computer instead. Obesity is a growing problem for @LOCATION2 and kids need exercise. Kids also don't like going on trips like camping because they don't want to leave the computer. Without computers, kids get more exercise and aren't overweight. Now that you've seen @CAPS1's reasoning, society would be much better off without computers.
Dear local paper, I think computers are used a lot in this society! People spend more time sitting at the computer than exercising because people find it more exciting to spend more time on the computer than on the treadmill! People in this society think we spend a lot of time on the computer while others don't realize how long they've been staring at the screen! I'm one of those people who likes to use computers very much, but I've become aware of the changes. I can tell so many other people and spend so much time on the computer screen that we are far away from family! I never really thought about how much I stopped talking to them because I was busy web chatting with friends. However, I don't think we should buy computers either. Online we can research almost everything in the world. I can even type my name in the research bar and find me and other excel people with the same name as me! Over the past few years, the internet has become more technological. Without it, almost everyone would be lost these days! The internet should be used less for blogging and chatting and more for more useful things like @CAPS1.com or @CAPS2.com. I hope you take this into consideration.
I believe computers are a great help to society I believe this @CAPS3 @CAPS1 know when you don't know you can look it up online. Plus, if you're sick or don't @CAPS1 have time to go out and buy what you need from the store, you can buy online and have @CAPS7 delivered to your door. My last reason is that a computer saves paper buying lots of documents. My first reason is that if you don't know @CAPS1, you can look it up. Many times you might look at @CAPS1.V. Or talk to someone and you @CAPS4 want to know what something is or means. @CAPS6 instead of just letting you know anything '@CAPS1 just passing that you can look it up on your computer and educate yourself and possibly others. My next reason is that if you're sick or don't have '@CAPS1 time to go out and buy what you need from the store, you can buy online and have @CAPS7 delivered straight to your door. This is helpful for those sick @CAPS3 a few buttons on the computer. Now, this can also help people who are busy going to the store @CAPS3 before they leave, they can push some buttons and when they get home, the stuff is sitting there. When my dad was @CAPS2 and my mom was the VP of a pharmaceutical manufacturing company that sold oxy-cofin, they had to have a grocery store @CAPS5 to deliver groceries to our house. They have to make this happen @CAPS3 They @CAPS4 work long hours and they don't have time for '@CAPS1 to go to the grocery store @CAPS5 @CAPS6 They have food @CAPS7 to our house which is a huge help. My last and last reason is that computers can help save a lot of trees and paper. The big thing right now is that we have to go green properly, @CAPS6 instead of cutting down more trees, we can have all of this on our computers, and @CAPS1 we don't have any paper. These are just some of the reasons why computers are helpful to society. I can come up with more ideas, but @CAPS1 can't put them in this story, @CAPS6 finally remember people are on their computers all their lives.
Computer use is good for everyone. Using a computer can help you get to know different people from all over the world. You can also have the ability to talk to people. Using your computer, you can also learn about @LOCATION1 and places around the world. With computers, everyone can learn about people all over the world. If you're going on vacation somewhere @LOCATION2, you can see what these people do. You can also see what people your age do for a living. If you have to do a project for school about a place other than @LOCATION1, then computers can be helpful. You can search what they're wearing and what holidays people celebrate. Getting to know people will help you make friends. If foreign exchange people come to your school, you can search their culture and talk to them. You can also talk to people while using your computer. By using @CAPS1 or AIM, you can easily chat with your friends. If you are not at school, you can ask them what homework you have. You can also become better friends with people you don't know, say hi, or how your day is going. You can also send emails. If you meet a friend you made while on vacation, you can email them. You can also visit websites where you can chat with people from other countries. If you have a webcam, you can even video chat and ask them questions about their country or what they like. You can also video chat with all your friends. Using a computer, you can see what's going on around the world. If you're going somewhere ypu doesn't know, you can find amazing restaurants and you can also find fun things to do with your family. If you need to do a project, you can see what the weather is like and what people are doing. If you want to help a country that just had an earthquake or hurricane, you can check out what you can do to help that country. These three reasons are why computers are so important to people. You can get to know different people, talk to your friends, you can search and learn about different places around the world.
@ORGANIZATION1, need to be aware of differences on computers. People need to recognize that the computer is one of the greatest inventions of our time, but in my opinion people see it as an advantage and abuse it for purposes that shouldn't be used. Computers are not meant to play games or send constant messages. They are used for study purposes and for work or school. Why do people use computers for things they don't need? People use computers for entertainment! They instant message, listen to music, continue @CAPS1, @CAPS2 or @CAPS3. People also use @CAPS4 and play games on unknown sites. Computers are not for this, they are for school and work. @ORGANIZATION2, word, @ORGANIZATION2 and powerpoint, people wouldn't be what they are today if computers were used for those purposes. This computer is loved at @LOCATION1! But these people are unfriendly, mean and sad people. Their shape is also incredible. I know a lot of people who use computers instead of doing homework and getting fresh air. They are so independent that they eat and play on the computer when they come home from school. I have a hard time understanding why they would do this, but I guess they feel like they have nothing better to do. I also know people who use their computers the right way, and they are very happy people. They also have a lot of knowledge and they never have boring conversations. Those people use a computer every day, but they use it properly just so they are nice, smart, and get good grades in school! Basically, what I'm trying to say is that people who use computers will succeed in anything they do because they know how to use and understand computers, but people who use computers the wrong way are only miserable because they don't know much, They have average grades and are very unhealthy.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, Computers are a great way to learn about the world and its people. Computers can teach people something new to them. Computers keep people connected all over the world. Computers also come in handy when you need to find something right away. Computers are very useful in learning. They can teach you things most books can't, such as hand-eye coordination and information about the current population of countries and cities. In addition, computers give you the opportunity to see pictures of places and people you won't find in books, photo albums, or newspapers. They also help at school when assigning projects. Children can use the computer to quickly find the information they need. Children can also use the computer to write essays or print pictures for the project. Computers are definitely a staple of learning and education. Computers are also great for communication. People can chat with each other on web sites like @CAPS1, facebook, myspace and twitter. On these sites, people can message their friends, reveal something about them, or chat with their friends to see what's available on the computer to keep in touch with family and friends. Family members can email each other to notify them of events or news. I actually had the experience of using email and it was very helpful to my family, I've been talking about a trip to Block Island, and two days before we were leaving, we received an email from the owner of the house we were going to The email went on to say all phone lines were down and part of the house was destroyed by the storm. If it weren't for computers, we would be sick. Computers can also come in handy when needed or cluttered. People can check the local weather forecast to see if the weather will affect their plans. Also, if someone doesn't know the location of a house or store, they'll quickly look it up on their computer. Finally, if there is nothing in store, people can shop online, buy what they need, and have it styled to their door. Computers help this country grow and prosper. Why bother them when they are so beneficial to society? Computers are helping the world become a more educated, connected, and information-rich world.
A topic many people in our country are thinking about is "are computers good or bad for our students?" @CAPS1 evolved from dosktop computers, before typewriters, but have they gone too far? While @MONTH1's computer's blank screen can be distracting to some, in this case the pros definitely weigh the cons. The ability to conduct faster research, easier communications and computers in wartime are the powerhouses of modern computers. Also, thanks to advances in technology, computers are very useful as they help @LOCATION4 our daily lives. There are many misgivings about computers, but computers can transcend all misgivings. In a time-crunching situation like college or high school, speed is everything. Computers allow students to conduct research faster and more accurately by searching for keywords. Previously, students had to go through a laborious process of searching books. Many times, they can't find what they want, but with the development of modern society, students can quickly get the information they need. Additionally, having computers in the classroom helps teachers get the information they need for upcoming classes. If speed is what you need, then you'll be looking for a computer. Aside from speed, another good thing computers give you is communication. Find out what your friends are up to later with just one click via email, @CAPS2, @CAPS3, @CAPS4 and blog! It's much easier than calling the person. It is also possible to connect with friends when one is away. If you miss a long-lost friend or cousin, just search their name and you can talk to them! Having such close friends can really make every life better. In @LOCATION3 or @LOCATION1, soldiers rely on computers for valuable information; such as radar or robots. Having computers do the "dirty work" can help in times of war and can save precious lives. Not having these computers means certain death for some in the @LOCATION4 Armed Forces. Computers sometimes replace humans in things like @ORGANIZATION1 or unmanned aerial vehicles and a lot of life. Whether it's Facebook or the bombing, computers help in vital ways. This is @DATE1, @PERSON1's communist regime is ruling the new @LOCATION2. A man stands in front of a tank, refusing to move, showing courage and wanting democracy. Fortunately, this was all captured on film. How did it spread to the world? Use a computer and the Internet. Today, thanks to computers, many people are able to understand this. In many ways, computers help @LOCATION4 in our daily lives, and for most of @LOCATION4 we would be lost without them.
Today, most people live on computers. Whether for work or play, everyone uses a computer. In a recent study, researchers determined that the average person spends NUM1 years on a computer. That's a total of @NUM1 years of wasted life. Most kids spend all day playing on the computer on @CAPS1, facebook, @CAPS2 and youtube. They can use this time to be with family and friends and make fond memories. Children don't realize how short life is and they should go hiking, camping, spending time with friends and family. I think from now on, when children grow up, they will look back and regret not spending more time with their families, or not taking the opportunity to explore the world we live in. Instead, they look back and think about those ridiculous videos on YouTube that get over a million views. Also, as you @MONTH1 know childhood obesity rates are on the rise, they are more overweight children then healthy. If you look back to the pre-computer era, you rarely see an overweight child. Computers are the culprit behind this new epidemic. Children should play sports outdoors and get some fresh air. I bet if computers were taken away for @NUM3 years, the changes in health would be huge. Children will be healthier and lose weight. Hope everyone can read this article to understand the dangers of computers and get rid of this clumsy object.
Dear newspaper, @CAPS1 you @MONTH1 know that a lot of people are on computers all the time these days, and a lot of people think this is a problem. Well, you should know that computers are helpful in many ways, like @CAPS1 study, entertainment, and even weight. This is just a few of the hundreds of different things. Computers can help you get in touch with realities you haven't seen in a long time. Or if you have some health issues, you can go online and see what's wrong, I remember my mom was dizzy and nauseous all the time and her doctor told her everything was fine, but it wasn't. So my mom checked the computer and found out she was sick and when she got back to the doctor they found she was really sick and she was on medication. In my opinion, the computer is one of the best inventions. It can be used for many things, and you can also buy items from your computer. So now I hope you agree with me and support the use of computers.
Dear newspaper, @CAPS1 You see, owning a computer affects you. Having a computer can make you lazy, can @CAPS2 you can be indoors, can @CAPS2 you can be inside so you don't hang out with family and friends. Everyone loves to have a computer, but have you ever wondered what it can bring you? Spending a full day or even half a day at the computer can make you lazy. When you're lazy or get lazy, you don't want to do anything, do nothing, and you become overweight. So, you need to exercise because it's good for you and exercise can protect you from @CAPS1 diabetes and other health issues. Put down the computer and go for a walk. Why would anyone want to stay indoors on a computer when you can enjoy all that nature has to offer. Being attracted to your computer can @CAPS2 you breathe fresh, clean air indoors instead of outside. It can also be fun outside. You can go for a swim or even have a picnic at the local park. When you're outside, you can also see all the breathtaking landscapes, wildlife and exotic plants and flowers that live among us. If you go out for at least an hour a day, you know it's much better than being on a computer. Too much time on the computer can @CAPS2 Your friends and family are what really matters. Why talk to your friends on the internet when you can meet them up and do something fun? Friends and family are really important, and if you don't spend time with them, they will get upset. Being with friends and family should be the best moments of your life, so don't spend them on the computer. Go call a friend and do something fun, I hope you understand by now that being on a computer or having one is not the best idea. Having a computer makes you lazy, @CAPS2 keeps you from enjoying nature and spending time with family and friends. If everyone was away from their computer for at least an hour a day, they would lead a happier, healthier life. So, turn off your computer, get off your couch, and enjoy your life.
Technology has been evolving and changing rapidly. Check out Apple's new @CAPS1, an unattended touchscreen computer. Computers are also changing rapidly. But I think @CAPS2 needs to cut down on electronics. Long and heavy computer use can damage your eyesight, give you joint pain and take time @CAPS5 exercise; manhy @CAPS2 one thing to do. Many @CAPS2 spend too much time on the computer, and while it can be very useful, it can also be quite damaging to your eyesight, and many spend a lot of time staring at computer screens. If you crawl on something for too long it can damage your vision and make it worse as you try @CAPS5 your eye lenses. Also, computer lights are very harmful to your eyes. The light entering your eyes is like staring at the sun, but it doesn't go away with damage. The sun can damage your eyes in an instant, while computer overtime can slowly damage your eyesight. If your vision is already impaired, computers can make your vision worse. The more time you spend on the computer, the greater the damage to your eyesight. Since your eyes are already broken, you may think "they can't get any worse". @CAPS5 The truth is that not only can the amount of light and time they spend on a computer cause harm to someone with @NUM1 vision, but it can do more damage to someone who doesn't. It may be genetic or shared by those who use knuckles regularly. It is also common for people who spend too much time on the computer. AIM is popular with people of all ages. It's an instant way to gossip or chat with friends. But this requires a lot of typing. Typing too long or too much can cause fingers to lock and make it harder for bones to move over joints without pain. If this happens to you, you may be a candidate for arthrightus. Not resting your fingers can also be one of the reasons your fingers are injured, and if you never rest them, they also lock up, which can be very painful. If you don't want artrightus, you should spend less time on the computer. Thanks to all these new technologies, @CAPS2 is less likely to go out and play or hit the gym. @MONTH1 has a lot of @CAPS2 overweight. Using your computer for extended periods of time can take away the time you spend exercising or breathing fresh air.
I think computers are a good idea because when people are online, they like to talk to their families and see them through video cameras. When you don't want to go out or just go online and pay us. Do you like it or not, because when you watch a movie you like, you say "go clean your room" and then you say "oh wait this movie is good". A computer is the best system for everyone to use a computer to surf the Internet. Witout computer how you will spoof your yahoo @CAPS1. My mom loves @CAPS2. How would you view your messages if you didn't know you had a computer. If they took the computer out of the sle, everyone would try to make one. The folks at Walmart will love that they make more money than me, like the ones they buy, but they have good computers. No one takes people offline. The Apple Store has when people used to buy some computers. When they spend all their time online it's because they love it. If I only liked you wouldn't take the computer and say you search for mor in the computer. But when your mom is bored at your house, all about computers is buying them while you're making money.
Dear @CAPS1 @ORGANIZATION2, I believe that computers have a positive impact on the people who use them. Because they teach hand-eye coordination, allow us to understand distant people and places, and allow us to chat with people online. @CAPS3 I think the first reason computers have a positive effect on people is that they teach hand-eye coordination. For example, when we type the letters @CAPS2, we need to use our hand-eye coordination skills. This helps us improve hand-eye coordination as it helps us think about the letters we're typing, the letters on the @CAPS2 keyboard, and push them. Also, when we type long paragraphs, it increases our hand-eye coordination as we are used to writing long paragraphs and we become more familiar with letter positions on the keyboard and our speed increases, which means we can Get more work done in less time. Believe it or not @PERSON1 conducted a survey at @ORGANIZATION1 Hospital that showed @NUM1 people who typed rather than handwritten articles had better hand-eye coordination. Computers also allow us to learn about distant people and places. For example, computers can more easily study distant people and places. Using computers helps us understand and understand people and places without having to go to the library. Computers also allow us to @CAPS2 and we @CAPS2 more about recent events around the world. Computers also make researching topics faster, since finding books in those large libraries can be stressful, not to mention difficult. Also, information on a computer can never be checked out or available like library books. Finally, you have information at your fingertips so you never have to leave home, @CAPS3 The last reason is that computers allow us to chat with other people online. This helps us because it allows us to talk to friends and family from all over the world. It also helps us talk to parents if they are not home or you are camping. Chatting on your computer is a great way to make friends with people you don't know and block out people you don't want to talk to. So, in a sense, you have control over your friendships and who you become friends with. Computers are the greatest advancement in technology and they have helped many people.
Dear @CAPS1 paper @CAPS2 The computer we have really benefits our society because it makes people smarter, it's a way to talk to people far from where you live, if you're still in school, It's a great way to do your homework. Owning a computer is a great way to make you smarter. There are different websites you can visit to help you understand the problems you are having at school. I remember one time I was having trouble with math, so my teacher gave me this site called @ORGANIZATION1. It ends when you need help and you get a live tutor. Computers can teach babies how to talk. It taught my cousin how to speak, he is @NUM1 @NUM1/2 years old. It's not amazing what a computer can do. Next, I'll discuss how computers can be a great resource for talking to people you @MONTH1 know from afar. When you have a computer, you can talk to people who live across from @LOCATION1, don't you want to talk to people who are far away without paying extra on your phone? I remember talking to my dad once because I didn't have minutes on my phone and it was a pleasure talking to him on the computer. Owning a computer is like a bigger phone. If you or they don't have a phone, you can talk to family or friends. Finally, I'll talk about how you do your homework. With a computer, you can do a lot of homework. Last time I was on my computer, I had to figure out @PERSON1 about math, so I typed his name, and his biography came, so I wrote about him. You can use it for all subjects, especially language arts, you can enter papers and find different things you have to do in class. Do you want to write an @NUM3 page article and get your fingers cramping just by writing it? So you can just type on the computer without cramping your fingers @CAPS3 Reconsider your opinion because the computer can make you smarter, talk to people from afar and help you with your homework.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, I understand the debate between owning a computer. Computers are the center of technology. I can't imagine a world without them. While owning a computer @MONTH1 causes kids to play non-educational games, computers teach more and help kids. I know it would be a nightmare for your company to not have a computer. It provides education not only for children but also for adults. First, computers are proven to be the second best source of education after schools, and the best source of information. Millions of websites are designated for educational use of all kinds only. Not just websites. These are @CAPS1 online tutors or just jobs. Computers can provide almost anything you need. work, adult use. Computer to sell something to communicate with someone or just find a new topic. The technology of computers goes further than any other project. Life would be harder without a computer. Not just sending emails, but mailings. Most information must come from Brooks. In fact, even the internet has books to buy and read. I know people feel that kids spend too much time talking to friends on the computer, but kids need to be social, @CAPS2 it's not talking on the computer, just more texts and phone calls. Computers have made life so easy that taking it away can lead to less time for stress and other important activities. At last. Computers have files, and this is the best way to type. Your company can expressly agree that life is a mess if you don't enter documentation. Everyone writes documents and needs to send them, open them again, and edit them. The only other way to type is a typewriter. A typist can't save anything, delete and do half of what a computer does. Your entire work depends on the computer and typing. @CAPS2 How do you feel like you can't use a computer. In short, computers are a necessity of our lives. Without a computer, life would be difficult and stressful. Computers provide educational booth information for everyone. This technology is incredible and makes everyday life easier. I can't even imagine without documentation and typing. I am sure you will agree with my decision. I hope you choose to share this information with others. thank you for your time
@ORGANIZATION1, I am writing this letter to inform you about computer usage. Computers can be fun, however, people spend a lot of time on them. The opinion of @CAPS3 is that you should spend time interacting with society, family and friends. I also feel like @CAPS2 is prone to computer addiction, I should @CAPS1 I'm someone who spends @CAPS3 time @NUM1 on computer and @CAPS2 is bad. You should be safe on your computer because the dangers of @CAPS2 right now and in the days @CAPS2 are appalling, people spend more time on their computers than their own family members. don't you agree? Well, you should, your society, family and friends should be the most important thing to you. You shouldn't be on the computer all day, you should interact with the people around you. Now and in a few days you'll see a lot of people on the computer instead of spending time with their families. That shouldn't happen. While computers are fun, people around you will love to spend time with you. You should take this into consideration because this is happening in many parts of the world. @PERCENT1 in the @CAPS3 school say they are addicted to computers and @PERCENT2 in the @CAPS3 community say they are addicted to it too. These are very high numbers, don't you think? This is horrible and should stop going on. The computer is like a drug, you can go to the computer once and then you want to be on the computer all day long. The first time you hit your computer, you'll be instantly addicted to @CAPS2. I'm not saying you should never use a computer, but make sure you don't get too addicted to @CAPS2 because @CAPS2 can easily happen. @CAPS3 Mom always said to be safe on the computer". At first I didn't really @CAPS1 what she meant, but now I @CAPS1. Whatever you do on the computer stays and gets deleted @CAPS1 CAPS2. So if you want other people to see @CAPS2, you should be safe and don't put anything on your computer. Anyone can see what you put, so you should be safe. Kids will Meet people they don't know t @CAPS1 and try to meet them. So you should be careful because computers are the only place you can lie @CAPS7. Now you should understand @CAPS7 where I am from. You should agree with me now and Understand that people should spend more time you are not addicted and safe."
Some people think that computers have a positive effect on people, but it is positive because it corrupts your brain. I think computers are a waste of time and an excuse for not going out with your family and enjoying nature. This is why there should be less computer time and more family time. Absolutely, a computer is the thing that kills brain cells if you spend too much time on it. Teenagers are the main reason for this, when they go to the computer and go to myspace and facebook, they don't learn anything but kill the main brain cells. When they go to school for the cmts, they will fail because they won't know anything because of the computer. Also, it's a big problem for families who don't hang out together as often because they're always on the computer. The parent's excuse is "@CAPS1 I'm on the computer" then they never go and the kids are going to be very upset. This can lead to anger issues and then they stop listening to you. Everything is cause and effect. My friend on @NUM1 has anger issues and doesn't listen to anyone because her family never hung up. So people spend most of their time on the computer, you guessed it! My sister is @NUM2 on the computer and she never goes out to enjoy nature. People can get @LOCATION1 if they like to go out and we don't want that. Dr @CAPS2 brown said everyone should go out and relax every day because staying at home is not good. Computers are defeating that purpose. On the other hand, a computer is a nifty device and sometimes very handy, like if you need the perfect orientation or need to answer a question. Sometimes you just want to talk to an old friend you haven't seen in a long time. Computers are good for many things, but mostly not good enough for us to be outside enough to enjoy nature.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 Seeing that some people believe that computers will not benefit society, I feel compelled to share my opinion. They help society. They help us communicate, do the important things, and have fun. Computers help us communicate in many ways. We all want to talk to our friends, but we can't be with our friends all the time, so have her internet to help us. We also all have friends we don't see often but we still want to talk to, so we can talk to them over the internet whenever we go. Computers also help us make new friends. They can also make us have fun. Computers are interesting for many different reasons. Social networking sites, like facebook or myspace, are fun. There are lots of fun things to do or the internet, including video games, and many video game consoles are connected to the internet so you can play with your friends. But computers aren't just all fun and games. Computers can transmit very important information, including homework after school events. Computers also hold all of our government information, from something as trivial as a town building renovation program to the Department of Homeland Security to the United States, none of which would be possible without computers. This should lead to the conclusion that computers are essential in our daily lives, from communication to many things that computers have helped us and will help us in the future.
Dear @MONTH1 concerned people, @CAPS1's name is @CAPS2 @CAPS3, I don't think computers are good for people. I think there are a few different reasons for this. Those reasons are because they don't have people out, people; especially students lose their calligraphy skills, people lose their desire to do normal, everyday things. They make us lazy! ! People don't go out because of computers. They don't go for walks because they do things on the computer. Now, there's no reason for anyone to visit any kind of store because you can order everything online and have it delivered right to your front door. Plus, for many, they don't even have to go to work. They can work for any company from their home computer. By taking online courses, one can even complete high school and college studies on a computer! Which brings me to the next reason @CAPS1 Computers have bad effects on people. Students can now enter all their homework, and some schools even provide students with laptops for year-round use. Being able to type everything means students hardly ever need to pick up a pen or pencil, and their handwriting gets worse due to lack of practice. Another way in which computers have a bad effect on students is the Internet. You can find anything on the internet, from math books to dictionaries and other resource books. Because of this, some students don't even know how to look up words in a dictionary, let alone find the information they need in a book. I think this gives students a false sense of reality and a sense of reality. Not everything will be done on a computer when they go to work, but that's all they're taught to use. Finally, people are losing the desire to do everyday things. Why go out with friends when you can talk to them online? Why go out to eat when you can order online? People started to think that there was no point in going out and doing things because there were "more important things" to do on the computer. I personally think they are brainwashing us that soon the world will become a giant computer. Based on everything I just said, I don't think computers have a good influence on people. They're making the world a very stressful and controlled place, and based on this selected information, I'm sure you can see why.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 My take on this is that people do use computers a lot! Some people don't care about exercising or enjoying nature, maybe people don't even have friends, so they spend a lot of time on the computer because they don't have a life, or they just go to addictive websites. For example @CAPS2.com, do people/kids have one of these? They chat with friends and even boyfriends. Enyways thats my opinion. Another point of view is that I don't think people should spend most of their time on the computer. I think it's because people are supposed to have fun, socialize with people, and live there! So that's what I think, what I think about "computers".
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 of @ORGANIZATION1, do you think we are getting less and less movement and closeness to nature? In my opinion, I don't think so. I think the computer is a positive influence because it helps you connect with other people from all over the world. Learn something different or how to make life easier. Keep in touch with distant relatives. First of all, I believe computers are a positive influence because you can connect with people from all over the world. You can talk about their culture. About how, their marriage traditions, etc. school and ask them questions. Second, I believe computers are a positive influence because you can learn from them and how to make life easier. You'll be better off because you can learn it more easily with different understandings. Learning from start to finish takes school. Third, I think computers are a relatively distant positive influence. If you talk to them for a long time, you want to know how their life is going. Catch up when we meet. In conclusion, technology will basically help you well in the future. Fantastic computer will help you keep in touch with really good family and friends. It's time for @CAPS3! Because the fancy tech is here to stay for years to come!
Have you ever thought that the computer will take a lot of time or make you do a lot of things. If using a computer is going to ruin your life in some way, I would say no. A computer is an ordinary life where everyone needs it or uses it in some form. People need it because when they can't see it on @CAPS1, they see the news, so they go to the amazing technoliga. Our witch is @CAPS2.C for laptop or phone with internet. It's a natural thing in the way of life these days, now computers don't stop you from going out and doing other things, you say no, I love this technology and I want to keep going. Regardless, is the computer disrupting someone's life, or just you. The wonderful things @CAPS2.C can do for you. A computer can do a lot of things you don't want to leave it for other things like you have a lot of homework and a project you need me @CAPS4 so you do your work and you can also listen to music to type in your project and doing things, even if you're not playing outside and being active doesn't mean you're not doing something better for your life like typing faster as you get older and now know how to use @CAPS2.C well and not with family Lost contact, there are camels. @CAPS2.C has been around for a long time, since the world has them, we've become smarter and more talented in most ways, kids and adults alike are connected to the wat around us, and how the world acts technology has Helped a lot of people @NUM1 year olds can still go when they need to get something done in a hurry or pretty much everything they've been doing. Research things they never knew. And find out billions of apps. Even though most people stay for a long time, they can't go all day without saying hello and talking to their family. So it's been around for a long time and still used every day and always will be. So, do you think that computers spend a lot of time in a person's day and they don't spend enough time with their family, or is it just that computers are a natural thing that everyone needs.
Dear @CAPS1, I think computers are good for you in many ways. Like computers sometimes keep kids off the streets so they don't get into trouble. There are a lot of games you're playing on the computer, so it'll let you do something. Computers also have a thing called microsoft, and microsoft helps you write projects and things like that. Computers help a lot of people, and like I said before, it has games, some of which are related to school, like science, math, reading, and social studies, so it's very helpful. Computers are also bad for people like you, because when you use a computer, most teens like to use something called myspace. Myspace is thin, you can make friends all over the world, and you can chat with them and put your own photos on it. If you go to my space and have friends from different states or the same state, their world wants to find you and rape you. They will start talking to you as if they would ask for your name and where you live. Another reason it's not good is that when @NUM1 graders go to middle school, @NUM2 graders will tell inappropriate sites and the little ones will go on and get into trouble. Well, you heard me, I hope you understand, thank you.
Dear @LOCATION1 media, I believe that computers have a terrible impact on society, and I believe this to be true because children can be "brain dead" as some have said. Plus, it's already a big upbringing that kids can get fat witches. The last reason is the child's poor eyesight. I think the number one reason computers are having a bad effect on our society is that all the kids do is sit there and eat and they're addicted to computers so they're just getting fatter because they're not getting anything exercise. The problem of kids getting fat is already a very hot topic, and if it does, it won't be getting any better anytime soon. Research has shown that @PERCENT1 kids who use the computer for more than an hour and a half a day are actually brain dead. It means that if this becomes the new trend for all kids our next generation will not be smart enough to keep up with other countries and fall behind so if you will we have to do something about this trend set our country to stay piece. The last but not the least reason is that children have poor eyesight. It may also be detrimental to future generations. If you make this generation popular, that generation needs glasses, it's almost like a domino effect. These are all reasons why computers have a bad influence on society. Children become obese, they become brain-dead and suffer from poor eyesight.
Dear local paper, I think people spend a lot of time exercising and that's why, cutting back on exercise, enjoying nature and interacting with friends and family. My reason is that people have less time to exercise and are busy playing games and talking to other people on the computer. You don't think you should be doing some exercise outside, like running around or exercising, rather than staying at home on your computer and doing nothing. People deserve at least @NUM1 workouts. You can stay on the computer for a while, but not @NUM2. Take a break from your computer and go outside to enjoy the weather. People just can't get @NUM1 out of there computer time, I find it hard to believe people can't. It's like computers taking over the brains there, all they want to do is be on top and never get off. My second reason is to enjoy nature to go outside and see what's going on, go for a walk outside in the woods, look for animals or look for animal tracks. You can do lots of fun things outdoors, like climbing trees or picking fruit. You don't have to stay inside all day staring at the computer to play games and chat with friends. You can enjoy the good weather you get outside. People need to know that there are better things to do. My third reason is to interact with friends and family. It is important that you spend time with them and see how they are doing. But instead, people are always busy talking to their families there because they're always doing things on the computer that they don't need to do. There are still many important things in life that people need to understand. Family is more important than on the computer, but now people put family second because they don't want to talk to them or see them because they are always busy wasting time on the computer. It's like checking email there but wasting your time on these chats like @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 or @CAPS3 it's just your time people can hang out and do things they don't have to ask their friends there on their computer They should be called to ask. Don't get me wrong, I have a @CAPS2 that keeps you away from hanging out with your family, but I make time to hang out with friends and family, enjoy nature and exercise. So I don't see why it's so hard for people to do this. So all in all, I think people spend a lot of time on the computer, like I said there are more important things in life, things you can do like exercise, enjoy nature, hang out with friends and family. So I hope you take my thoughts into consideration and thank you for listening to me. I hope people can go through there to learn that they don't have to be on the computer @NUM4.
Can you live a day without a computer? I talk to my friends on @CAPS1 every day. I understand current events that I wouldn't know without a computer. Computers also help me get through my daily life. I admit I should go out and meet my friends, but sometimes when it's raining or snowing I just want to chat with them online. Another benefit of chatting online is that I can talk to all my friends, not just the ones I play with. I've noticed that even when my friends are away, they can still keep in touch because they have a computer. Not only can you keep in touch with your friends, but you can also keep up with current events. Whenever I go to @CAPS1 @CAPS2, my @ORGANIZATION1 page appears and shows current events. Without the computer, I wouldn't be able to see who was at last night's game, or what happened to my health care bill. These are important things that help me keep up with things away from town. The computer also allows me to see what my health care bill is actually like and how it affects me. Computers can not only teach me about current affairs, but also help me in my daily life. When I eat breakfast, I check my email and check the weather. During school, I typed my papers. When I get home, I check homework and talk to my friends online. All of this is done on a computer. It just shows how many times I use my computer every day. I'm so dependent on my computer that without it I'd get lost and I'd be halfway through. I firmly believe that computers are a necessity. They allowed me to talk to my friends when we couldn't meet. It keeps me up to date. I think computers have become part of our daily life.
Dear @CAPS1 people, @CAPS2 Do you want people to sit at their computers all day doing nothing? How would you feel if no one was out exercising and no one was using playgrounds, parks and beaches? Everyone will be sitting at home with their beautiful new waist computer. When you really think about how much time people spend doing nothing and just sitting there, will @CAPS2 computers fix that? It really @CAPS4't. That's how I feel about owning a computer, people spend a lot of time on the computer every day and need exercise, it wears out your body and tires your eyes. When it comes to computers, everyone wants to buy one, but it seems people's brains stop when we say excrise. This happened because people really started spending a lot of time on their computers. If they work on the computer for long hours during the day, @CAPS5 go home to spend more time on the computer, @CAPS5 how does that affect your body? no help. I love computers, I love spending time on them, and it's not fun when I need to get something done sometime when it won't happen because I get and I forget what time it is. Sometimes this happens to people they're using the computer and when someone talks to them and you tell them what you need them to do, they're there to nod like they know what you're talking about, but next time you Ask if it's done, but no, you know they're listening. Excrise is really important to your body, you don't even need to get anything, but don't waste time on the computer. This happens to @NUM1 to @NUM2 or families, when they come home from get off work or school and jump straight to the computer, the family is not getting enough exercise or spending time with the family because the computer gets in their way. Excrise will help keep you instead of electronics. Computers are like little robots that control your mind and body, it sucks your life away. It strains your eyes, it makes you lose your temper, you really don't want to do a lot, maybe if people spent less time on the computer and more time more focused on family and nature, they wouldn't be weak @CAPS4 and tired. I know a lot of people @CAPS4 who don't want computers banned, but I think it would help for a number of reasons, bringing families closer and physical focus, in my experience computers do help in some ways, but When it comes to real life, it doesn't help anyone. I hope you understand @CAPS2 I would say these things, but if you do care about health and activity @CAPS5 you would say computers don't help much either.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 I am telling you that more and more people are using computers and then spending time with their families. I agree with the impact of computers on people because one is that it allows us to access information and the other is that it allows us to interact with people. Third, because it helps us understand what's going on in sports or otherwise. The first reason we should use a computer is because it provides us with information such as weather reports, school openings, delays and closures. It also tells us about @LOCATION1 after the earthquake. It tells us a lot. It allows to go to other websites to find information. It allows us to have fun and play games on the internet. It helps us with our homework. It helps us find jobs and other things. The second reason I should use a computer is because we can interact with people. We can talk to people we have never met. We can find information about them and tell us what their lives are like. It helps police find information about their criminals and track them down so they can find them. This is better and faster than talking to them on the phone. It allows people to have fun, which will keep them on the computer for a long time. The third reason I should use a computer is because it keeps us up to date, and for those of you who like to watch it, it tells us the latest teams and players. If you're a sports fan, you can watch live games on your computer. We can post games and get a chance to see players talk to their fans. In conclusion, this is why we should use a computer, because it can give us information from all over the world, and secondly, it allows us to interact with people we have never met. Third, it will give us an idea of the movements we love to capture, especially if you're a sports fanatic.
As more and more people use computers. I don't think it's good for society. I think it's because simple suicide cases come from cyberbullying, people are addicted to @CAPS2 they don't exercise and get fat, and because it's bad for the environment. People are bullying people more than ever now. But it's not just about taking the kids around like you used to. Now, bullies have found a new way, by launching a web page, emailing the person or threatening them online. With insiders, people say things they can't say in person because you don't have to be there all the time. Did you know that @PERCENT1 in all teen suicides comes from being cyberbullied. Bullies get into that person's head and cause them to hurt themselves because they get people close to them. If we didn't have as many people online, young people would be more protected from online infections. When you're sitting at your computer playing a game or chatting with a friend, chances are you're on the phone. Well, when you eat and stay on the computer, you don't exercise. Well, obese people over @PERCENT2 say they don't exercise because they're either too tired or don't have enough time. Of course, if you sit staring at a computer screen for hours, you'll get tired. When they say they don't have time but they spend an hour a day on the computer. It doesn't make much sense to me. Obesity has become a big problem and it is the leading cause of head problems. @CAPS2 comes alive now the environment is a big problem. Due to toxicity, @CAPS1 layers and skin cancer are on the rise. But what about computers? Well, computers use energy and make the environment toxic. Killing @CAPS1 layer @CAPS2 is stronger and hurts people. Yes, plants do help with the @CAPS1 layer, but when you print @CAPS2, @CAPS2 struggles to keep up with the needs of @CAPS3, which needs to eat, but no trees, the plants they eat? By the time our kids' kids come here, @MONTH1 is @CAPS3, no wildlife, hardly any wilderness, no @CAPS1 tier, and many will die from skin cancer. It's all because we @CAPS2 are addicted to using computers. People's lives, health, and the environment are all major problems that computers help solve. How do you feel when you walk into your kid's bedroom and see them being bullied on the computer to death on the floor? Or seeing a loved one suffer a heart attack from obesity because they can't get away from the computer. Or after about @NUM1 years, the @CAPS1 layer is completely destroyed due to computers and @CAPS3 has no wildlife. Using a computer will not benefit society. Of course, it's a quick lookup. But @CAPS2 is the book. The computer has everything the local library has. @CAPS2 Stop being lazy and get out. Stop suicide, obesity and destruction of the environment.
Do you have time to read? Do you spend time with your family? Or do you have time to go out? Well, if you don't, it's because you spend too much time on your computer. Computers are harmful to society. I will tell you why. You can do a lot of great activities like reading a book. Instead of reading a book on a computer, you can read a novel, and you can ask your parents to drive you to the library. I know if you need to do research, you can do it on a computer, but the library has all kinds of books like fiction, non-fiction, science books, etc. Every smart citizen will @CAPS1 that computer @MONTH1 has wrong information. I remember when I was working on a project on @CAPS3 music by @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS2. I used the computer to investigate who killed her, and it turned out that a man killed her. I went to the library and read a book about her, and it said a woman killed her. Also, books can help you get more accurate facts. Every loving, caring person cares about spending time with family. How can I spend more time with my family? Well, you can visit some cousins on the weekend. Your family can throw a party. I remember throwing a party for my brother's christening and everyone came. I met my aunt and cousin whom I hadn't seen in years. I know if you have a distant relative you'll use a computer to chat with them or see them on a webcam, but if they live and drive away, why not go on vacation, it will bring the family closer. I @CAPS1 what that was like. My family lives in @LOCATION2 and I visit them every year. We have family reunions, maybe your family can do the same. So family is important, so don't let the computer ruin your home. Do you still go out often? Does the computer get in your way? You have to check your email, reply, continue your @CAPS4, it's hungry and you have to do your daily activities. What about your health? A breath of fresh air can be a good thing. These are a lot of great things you can do outside. For example, you can jump rope, go to the park, swim, play in the snow, and more. I remember one time my cousin came over and we went to the park. We stayed until the park closed. It's interesting. Every citizen of @LOCATION1 wants to be healthy. Getting out can help, walking through the woods, or even jumping rope to exercise outside. Plus, just going out can do so much more. Now is the time. Why wait another minute? You can be alone on the computer, outside, or with your family, even the library is not alone. Computers are a bad habit, and while we may need them, it's safer, sorry to do it the old fashion way.
Dear newspaper, @CAPS1 brought to my attention the ongoing debate on this issue, pointing out that not everyone agrees that computers are good for society. I do not understand why. Computers provide people with many opportunities. They allow people to communicate with each other, they allow people to study subjects in a simpler way, and they teach hand-eye coordination. That's why I agree that computers do benefit society. In the modern world, almost all businesses depend on communications. Many of these businesses use not only phones to communicate, but computers as well. Whether @CAPS1 is at home or at work, online communication is a quick, easy, and effective way to communicate. This is one way in which computers benefit society as a whole. No one knows everything and we are always trying to find out new things we never knew. Sometimes we @MONTH1 use books, but most people use online research. This is because @CAPS1 is not only faster but simpler. When you do research online, you get real information. All you have to do is enter a subject for @CAPS1. @CAPS1 is another reason why computers benefit society. The last reason is that computers teach hand-eye coordination. This shows that over time, when you're on your computer, you realize that typing gets easier. @CAPS1 It might take a while, but over time people will understand that. @CAPS1 Just like @CAPS1, computers let you teach yourself. Some would say that people spend too much time on the computer. But that's not a problem, because people have to spend a long time at the computer to do the beneficial things that the computer has to offer. In conclusion, you can see that I have clearly stated the benefits of computers. They allow us to communicate, study and improve our hand-eye coordination. This is why computers do benefit society.
In this modern world, computers are the key. They provide many benefits including communication, entertainment and education. These benefits have a positive impact on people all over the world, which is why I support technological advancement. Communication is one of the great advantages of computers. Whether you're keeping in touch with friends or organizing a business meeting, computers can help a lot. With the modern technology provided by computers, one can instantly send a message to a colleague or friend within seconds. In some cases, businesses rely entirely on computers to function; for example, talking to people around the world about how they will expand internationally. Computers are necessary for people to communicate and to enable people to make plans simply and efficiently. Computers also provide an endless source of entertainment. Through the Internet, computers provide users with websites that enable them to chat with friends, watch videos, play games, and more. Computers provide a relaxing way to enjoy yourself late at night or on a rainy day. Computers enable people to stay entertained and relaxed when they need to. The most important function of a computer is education. Computers provide users or students with a wide variety of information. The computer provides the user with a wealth of information about each topic or subject that @MONTH1 presents in class. It's great for research projects or even learning another language. Computers are very useful in education. Computers are a technology that makes everyday life easier. It has been combined with almost every day-to-day task that happens during the day at @MONTH1. It would be unfair to stop advancing this technological marvel. Computers are a technology that greatly benefits our communication, our entertainment, and even our education.
Dear local paper, I want to talk about the impact of computers on people. My take on this topic is that computers do have an impact on people. Most people don't keep track of time when they surf the web. When I say most people forget the time, I mean they try to keep track of the time, but on the web, what's popular with @MONTH1 piques their interest while focusing on other things. Some other effects computers can have on people is keeping them at home. When many people go online, they tend not to exercise much. Most people who exercise stop exercising when in the house online. The reason for this is that when people sit in computer chairs, you feel so relaxed and calm that you don't want to get out of bed. This can lead to eating unhealthy foods. Some like chips, donuts, twinkies, etc. Some @CAPS1 don't think this is an opinion. I say this because while watching TV the other day, I saw an ad that said "A more active @CAPS2 is healthier than a @CAPS2 who spends all day on the computer. Most @CAPS1 on the computer Do gain weight because they don't exercise. No exercise can cause A) obesity @CAPS4) clogged arteries or @CAPS5) laziness. It can cause all three because these are the effects of being on the computer every day. Most @CAPS1 Should be enjoying nature and not staying on a computer. Life is a lot more than surfing the internet. Like exercise. Exercise is not only fun, but also healthy. Would you rather live in @NUM1 or live in @NUM2. So local paper this is what I give today The reason you're writing this. I mean you'd rather have friends @CAPS2 or be alone. There are bariatric surgeries, but those can run into the thousands of dollars. Yes, bariatric surgery does have that effect as death. So come on @LOCATION1, it's your decision and remember the most important part of this letter, between healthy and young life or unhealthy death and suffering. It's your choice @LOCATION1.
Computers are great for society, they can give you different latest updates from the people you talk to. First, they allow you to chat with friends, and they allow you to send messages anytime. You can talk to people you've lost far away. For example, your friends live on the other side of the world and your computer and messages allow you to still talk to them all the time. Plus, it gives you something to do when you're bored. You can see if anyone wants to plan a Hangout. If you just want to stay home all day, you can still interact with people. Second, it gives you new ideas for things. It shares opinions. Maybe someone bought the same thing and it doesn't work You can see the reviews and comments. Do you want to spend your money doing networking things? I will not. You can also see that most people like what they get. They also make you think about things you wouldn't have thought of before, and if you read its pages online, you might realize how scary that is, it shows you what you did wrong and what you didn't do. It allows you to try @MONTH1 and enjoy what you get. Finally, it gives you the latest updates you can share if the schedule is closed, delayed, or open. You don't have to wait for the news to show it. It can tell you what crime is going on. It also tells you your town. Who doesn't want to know for themselves what's going on? It'll tell you what's new in town or what they're going to do, or it'll tell you what it's getting rid of. Computers are where we chat with friends and family. It gave us ideas that @MONTH1 never thought of before, they told us about the latest update.
Dear newspaper editor, with all due respect, I strongly disagree with anyone who thinks that computers are not good for society. Yes, there are many people who neglect other activities in order to commute, and yes, computers are an invention that many people rely on, but computers are also inventions that we can benefit from in many positive ways. For example, @CAPS1' @PERSON1, a hip-hop artist with millions of followers who couldn't finish high school or go to college because of his career. He decided to get a college degree, so he started going to college. However, he had a hard time in college because he was constantly harassed by fans, so he started college online. This way, he can focus on his studies and earn his degree without being harassed. The computer also has a website for the school on the Internet. They help teach students a better learning experience in a way that allows them to have fun and enjoy what they are doing. In addition to the positive uses of the Internet, computers also contain programs that can benefit us. For example, Microsoft @CAPS2 is a program on a computer that creates @CAPS2 documents such as poetry, prose, lyrics, and even letters. You can print out these @CAPS2 documents to have a copy of your own to carry around and show people, but if you haven't done it you can save it on your computer. People use computers for many things, books, movies, and more. It has been there for many years and it has benefited us immensely. what do you think?
Suppose you have a family member you haven't seen in a long time because they live far away and you don't have enough money to see them? Or maybe you're injured or sick and you have nothing to do, so you decide to just browse the internet and you actually learn something interesting like what new creatures have scientists discovered, or something in history that you didn't know about before? Surprisingly, computers are full of such knowledge. You can talk to family members you haven't seen before or haven't had the chance to see in a long time. You can even learn a lot of new and interesting things about nature and history, just go out and you'll never know. To let you know more, I'll even tell you these things. I have a half sister whom I only see once a year or once every two years. But the only way I interact with her is on Facebook. There are also sites that people use to talk to their loved ones like twitter, myspace, yearbook, aim, skype, etc. Not only can you talk to them, but you can also have a webcam chat, so you can also see them. Many people use web chat to talk to old friends. On a computer, you can also learn new things. Yesterday, when I was on my computer, I got bored and randomly searched for @NUM1 minutes there. I learned about things I'd never heard of, like the "@CAPS1 massacre" and that time the teacher got into the spaceship for the first time and the teacher exploded in it. Man is a tragedy! If you are interested in nature, you can learn about all kinds of nature around the world. Plus, if you're interested in ancient times, just a few hits and you'll get all sorts of ancient things like @PERSON1, that forgotten city, and found. I'm pretty sure you can't study that kind of stuff outside. Amazing things computers can do! Talk and learn interesting things with family and friends you haven't seen in decades. Usually it's cool because you can learn something new that the teacher never has. You want the teacher to teach you or you teach the teacher!
Dear @LOCATION1 @CAPS1, I believe that computers do benefit society. People can read, shop and play online. This makes life easier for many people. Buying the books you want to read can get expensive. With the Internet, people can read almost any book on their computer. In a recent survey, it was found that people who read books online save @MONEY1 more per year than people who buy them. People can also read things like newspapers online. If there is snow on the ground, people can't get a newspaper, they can read it online. That way they'll know if the paper is still good and keep buying, including @LOCATION1 @CAPS1. Also, people can shop online. Sometimes someone @MONTH1 accidentally hurts them and they get stuck at home. If it's a child, their parents won't be able to go to the store because they'll take care of the child. They can simply turn on the computer and have food and other essentials delivered to them. If people live a busy lifestyle at work or at school, they can do the same. Doctor @PERSON1 told me that people @PERCENT1 who shop online are less stressed than people who go to the store to buy the same item. He said that's because they don't have to worry about spending too much time shopping. Also, a computer is a great way to play games quickly. Young children can be very loud and energetic. Parents can let them play games and read on the computer. Little kids just love being on the computer, and letting them keep working can keep them quiet and busy for a while. Even just typing is fun for younger kids. For older kids, there are plenty of games to play. Action, strategy, puzzles and more. They can also play against people from all over the world. Computers are fun for everyone. So all in all, a computer is a great place to shop, read, and play games. Computers have greatly helped today's homes.
My take on the impact of computers on people. One of the great effects computers have on people is that it teaches them how to have good hand-eye coordination @CAPS1 if they do anything as doctors that needs to help them do better at their jobs. Another reason computers are good for people is if your family travels to a brand new country, they can chat with their family and you can see what's going on there and what's going on there. Another is that you can learn about other states and countries around the world. It tells you how many people like it there, and the type of culture when they discovered it. Now when I want to know about Texas, I look up information about it and tell me when I discovered the capital and how many people live there. Another good thing is that you can play games with your friends like all types of shooting games motorsport arcades all types.
I don't think computers are the most positive influence. Because most computers aren't like computers are not the smartest, but it does help you when you need to do something like a project, when you have to look up pictures and when you need help with math, you can Use a calculator on a computer but a computer can't help you with all topics a computer can only help you with some topics, that's the main reason I use a computer. Sometimes when I do my homework I let the computer do it for me so it's easier for me to do it and I look for sites on it and they give you great sites that's why most people use the computer where they mostly use the computer Look for a job, car or house where they mostly use a computer, as most people don't like using the internet because they think using a computer is cheating.
@ORGANIZATION1, a view on computers and what they can do to benefit society. Regarding the impact of computers or people's perceptions, they can benefit us in many ways, for example, they can communicate with people all over the world, such as many people @MONTH1 have friends or family living in another state or country, computers can Offer to help us communicate with them. Computers allow us to help us learn things we cannot learn from books. Computers can help us learn, such as understanding populations or populations. Some might think this is fine, but using a computer can be slow, you can send an email and have the person on the other end reply instantly because of the computer. Computers benefit society in many ways. In the eyes of some, computers can benefit us in many ways that we thought were impossible. Before computers and printers we used typewriters and if you screwed up you would start over and it might take hours or work to get the paper perfect but as the world modernises we don't have to retype entire paragraphs if we make Make a mistake, we can just press the back space bar on the keyboard so that we don't spend hours typing a page, or at most half the time, so computers do us more than we know more. So, in some people's opinion, the thing about computers and how they can benefit us is that they allow us to do things that we couldn't do before computers were invented. The computer was a great invention, as we said, it benefited mankind, and it was difficult to set up. So, in the eyes of some, computers and what they do can benefit the society we live in, as well as humanity.
Dear @LOCATION1, I believe that computers are very beneficial to society. I believe that for a variety of reasons, I will make this point in this passage. Even though people sometimes spend too much time on computers, that doesn't mean computers are bad for society, it just means people need to learn to use their time wisely. Overall, I think computers have a positive impact on society. One of the reasons I support computers is because they are huge advances in technology. They can make everyday life easier. They allow you to store information. Learn about many places and connect with friends and family. It's awesome to do all this with one device! Also, imagine all the other possibilities for technological advancement if we could make something like a computer. A computer is just the beginning of everything! Another reason I believe computers are so great for society is because they provide entertainment. You can watch movies and download fun games on your computer. There is almost nothing you can't do on a computer. If it's cold or raining outside, you can still entertain yourself with just your computer. Computers are great for carrying around. Now, anyone who thinks that people spend too much time on computers and that computers are bad for society is wrong. I think those people are wrong because the computer can't force you to spend more time on it. If you choose to use your computer too much, it is your own fault. You can always choose to go outside for a walk. Computers are only wrong when you choose to use them wrongly, as in "guns don't kill people, people do". In conclusion, I believe that computers are especially important in this modern society. Computers are one of the greatest advancements in technology, and they benefit society as well. So if you want to know the weather or don't buy a computer, I recommend getting one!
Dear local paper, I think computers have a positive effect on people. The reason I answer is that there are a lot of homework helper sites, computers help you learn about places you've never been, and you can even interact with people all over the world. Here are three reasons why I think computers have a positive impact on people. First, I think computers have a positive impact on people because there are many homework help sites that struggling students can continue to access and get tutoring. I remember in @NUM1 grade I had a math midterm exam. I have a hard time understanding math. Then I went to a tutorial site and they taught me all the problems I had. I think computers can help a lot of kids get good grades. This is the first reason I think computers have a positive impact on people. Second, I think computers have a positive impact on people because it can help you understand far-flung places that you've never been to. This is useful for a national school project. @PERCENT1 students at my school also said that computers helped them a lot in school projects. Computers can also be used to plan vacations. Do you want to go on vacation to a place you know nothing about? This is where computers can help. All you have to do is search for your destination and pictures and information will appear so you can make the right choice. This is the second reason why I think computers have a positive effect on people. Finally, I think computers have a positive impact on people because you can interact with people all over the world. I have a brother who lives in Florida, but I can talk to him on the computer every day. Also, I can keep in touch with my friends anytime. I think computers can help people develop better social skills. This is the last reason I think computers have a positive effect on people. In conclusion, I think computers have a positive effect on people getting better grades, learning different things, and talking to friends.
Dear @CAPS1 editor, I believe computers are a great idea for our community. If the library is closed and students need information, you can look it up online. Also, if your phone is not working, you can chat with your friends. If TVs are getting pixelated, computers can help keep people up to date. First, computers can help with a lot of research. Assuming it runs healthy, your car? Out of gas, you need to go to the library before it closes. It's just easier to find research sites on your topic on the computer; no gas wasting, no getting soaked, just you sipping hot chocolate on your computer in a robe. Next, you can talk all the way to a friend in another country without paying extra for long distance calls. If you don't have unlimited time and you go and talk to someone for a long time, you're wasting precious time and money! That's where computers come in. You can open a chat window and talk, like that. Finally, you can find the latest news and information on search programs like @ORGANIZATION1. If your TV is broken and it will take a week to fix it, if something happens that you need to know, you can look it up online. Thanks for reading my thoughts, edit. Hopefully you will be able to select my article for publication in your newspaper at some point.
Fairfield @CAPS1 @CAPS2 Are computers bad for people? A lot of people say "yes" and a lot of people say "no". @CAPS3 Actually, the computer @CAPS2 has bad influence. It's easy to get distracted on the computer, which wastes time and causes stress. Many kids @CAPS2 on the computer are easily distracted. Computers came to the Internet, and the Internet came to games and social networking sites. Many kids would rather chat with friends on Facebook than do their homework using the online book @CAPS2... including me. When I got home, I started using online textbooks in my math class. But while I waited for it to load, I got bored and kept going to the online gaming site. After that, I got distracted on this addicting game called "@CAPS6 @CAPS7 @NUM1". And playing online games for @NUM2 hours, I realized I wasted a lot of time. I realize I've been wasting a lot of math homework time lately on those distracting games online. @PERCENT1 for my math grade is my homework from @CAPS4 to @CAPS5+. Why waste time on the computer. Outdoors is just @CAPS3 fun @CAPS3 "@CAPS6 @CAPS7 @NUM1". I'd rather play football with my friends than play that stupid game. My parents also realized that I was wasting too much time on the computer and they had blocked the internet. But time-wasting distracting games can also lead to stress, which can be fatal. Imagine being hospitalized for playing computer games. Once I was watching @ORGANIZATION1 a man said @NUM4 people died because they played @NUM2+ days on the computer with little to no food or water. My parents also noticed that my brother and I were grumpy after playing on the computer for so long. And I've been under a lot of stress lately. In general, computers have a bad effect on people. Distracting games are a waste of time and cause stress. Hope people understand this message, you shouldn't play too long on the computer.
Dear @MONTH1 people who care, I think computers are very influential, but then again, they're not because you'd rather have your kids on the computer or some kids smoke and some kids hang out on the street, yes it It really did have a big impact on them. In my predictions, I say computers are addictive, but it's not actually because some people really don't like using a computer for long periods of time because it gets boring and starts hurting your eyes. I would understand if they didn't want to get out of the car when bedtime passed. Some kids do a lot of bad things on the street and hang out on the street a lot, but when they turn on their computer it might stop some of them from doing those things. A lot of kids have myspace and facebook etc and it's the best way to keep in touch with family and friends it's one of the main reasons kids keep going and there are other electronic devices that stop kids from exercising and other stuff like psp go Or xbox @NUM1 or ds, dsi playstation @NUM2 and @NUM3. So I think it's an addiction, it affects kids, but you want your kids to do things that keep them away.
Dear @CAPS1 Society: Over the past few decades, computers have been perhaps one of the greatest advances in intellectual advancement in our society. These futuristic gems are like a person; they have a mind of their own and can find the answers to all their questions. From @LOCATION5 to @LOCATION4, to @LOCATION2 to @LOCATION1, people all over the world use them. Computers are used by people from school-aged children to adults with highly appreciated jobs as chemists! Do you want to be the one who stands by, stuck in the past and doesn't advance with technology? From the creation of rockets, engines and airplanes; computers have never let us down. The question, though, is: Will computerization benefit our society or make it crash? Computers have been used to advertise new information since @DATE1. The speed at which they receive new information is simply amazing! @CAPS2 @PERSON2, computer engineer, says "With the technology we get from computers, we're able to participate." @CAPS2 has just demonstrated one of the greatest advantages of computers: their ability to display up-to-date information. Now I can see how books can be an excellent resource for society and how they provide amazing information, but it takes years to get a book published! By using a computer, sometimes information that happened close to @NUM1 hours ago can appear on the Internet! Not only does this give you faster access to information, it also keeps our society "involved". When a football soars through the air, you catch a football, you track a baseball or it soars high in the sky, you grab a basketball's face, it's all because you have "hand-eye" coordination. Hand-eye coordination can be one of the most needed aspects of a person's life. Face it, everyone needs it! So why not help your body acquire this talent: buy a computer. Imagine how our society would progress in sports and even life if they learned how to coordinate themselves. Did you know that @NUM2 of the @NUM3 people who own a computer and type every day can catch all three tennis balls thrown at them! You can do this too! Human development observers say that as you type on a computer, your eyes track freely on the screen, and you can train your hands to operate the keys on their own. Just like in basketball, when you train your hands to track the bounce of the ball, you don't need to catch the ball. I remember when I started typing, my hands started to find the keys naturally without me looking at them. The next day at basketball practice, I felt like @CAPS3 amazing point guard @PERSON1 and the ball went straight to my hands! To get this life needs, invest in a computer! Money @MONTH1 is the most important thing in our society right now. Profits are low to moderate wages, and our local area is not that "rich". I can see how hard it is, having to buy these computers for the price of each @MONEY1. But think about it, every book we don't have to buy saves us @NUM4 books. Not only do computers last NUM5 longer than any paperback, but their information is always new, changing and up-to-date. In order for us to buy new books because of recent information, in the long run, eventually more and more. Our neighboring @LOCATION3 community just invested in over @NUM6 computers for their community. Claiming to get their computer purchases back in just @NUM7 months for the amount they didn't buy books! Now imagine how much money our society will gain in @NUM8 years from now! It is necessary for our society to have computers. With them, we not only learn hand-eye coordination, but we invest more money in it. With so much happening in the world these days, it is very important to receive information immediately from these computers. I can't stress it enough, without them we'd be less @MONTH1 the rest of the time. Dreams of incredible rockets and drugs and cures for distant diseases will not happen. The rise of computers is perhaps the only thing that really benefits our society. You must understand how important this technology is to our society! However, in the long run, the decision is yours. Choose now, the fate of our society is in your hands.
Dear Newspaper; I believe that computers are good for our society. There are many reasons why I believe this. One reason is that it makes life easier, and it also helps us understand what's going on in our lives today. If we don't have computers, how are we going to talk to people who don't have phones and news. Computers make life easier in many ways. For example, if you need a doctor's permission to play a sport, it would be easier to send him/her an email telling him/her you can send an email saying you can show it to the sport team, they will allow you to play. We can also learn about our world today through the use of computers. We can go online, browse news sites, check the weather so we can make plans for the day. We can find the latest technology "I phone" or "@CAPS1". There are people in the world who don't have computers, but have computers. For example, my uncle was in the air and the only way we could talk to him was through the computer because they didn't allow phones. Also, if a pirson has good news, they want to tell a lot of people to send an email and forward it to everyone. I hope you can understand why I think computers are a good thing in the new society. I have them to make life easier or. It also helps us understand our lives today and helps us talk to people around the world. I hope you agree with my topic.
@ORGANIZATION2, technology has evolved a lot over the past few decades. From construction to new inventions, it has helped humanity a lot. How are these getting more and more attention to whether it is beneficial? People get lazy because you can do so many things with it. I think it's good for all of us. We learned a lot from it. Computers show what humans are capable of. We can learn many cultures through it. Students use it to learn and make projects look better. I asked this question to @CAPS1 @PERSON3 of @ORGANIZATION1. He said that would expand our knowledge. People worry about how much paper we lose every year. With computers, going green becomes more possible. Instead of using so much paper to write a long paper, you can do PPT on your computer. We can do the test on the computer. I think everything in the future will be computer based. You can send emails instead of using letters. For example, my friend @PERSON2 said her school doesn't use paper, but computers. They save money and paper thanks to PowerPoint etc. I miss my family at @LOCATION1. I want to see them. Not just talking on the phone. I basically chat with them on my computer. I ask @NUM1 people if they like to use the computer to talk to their family or use the phone. @NUM2 in @NUM1 means they prefer computers. I know I'm trying to make them great, but they do have downsides. These games are horrible for computers. People play all day. Online games make them more fun, which in turn makes them more lazy. With so many games on the computer, @PERSON1 of @ORGANIZATION3 said it was horrible. In conclusion, computers will help and benefit us for a long time. Aside from the facts about the game, I agree on the bad side. I hope I have shown you as an independent person that my statements are true.
My take on the impact of computers is that computers can really help you, but people shouldn't use them too much because people should exercise, interact with their families and enjoy nature. Exercise is more important than computer because it keeps you healthy and you won't get sick. Interacting with family is more important than computer because @MONTH1 helps you have friends but not when you help, maybe friends in computer may not be real, that's why it is important to interact with family. The last thing more important than a computer is to enjoy nature. It's fun because you don't get bored. You're outside and you don't think about the computer because you're going to enjoy it. My point is that computers should only let us read your emails or learn what you want to find in a computer.
Dear local paper I believe that computers are of great help to society I will explain to you my thoughts and ideas. I hope you agree with me after reading this article. First of all, I would like to say that my first topic is communication, computers allow us to talk to ordinary people or people all over the world! There are many ways to chat, text, voice and webcam, it's not that you can't chat with them. There are hundreds of communication technologies and the servers are usually online @NUM1 so you can always chat with someone! Second, I would say that computers have a great way of creating. On your computer, you can program @CAPS3 to design presentations, documents, drawings, maps, diagrams, and virtually anything you want to know. You can gather information from server websites, @CAPS1, @CAPS2 @CAPS3, and you can create and learn a lot on your everyday computer. I was not punished! There are @CAPS4, @CAPS5, @CAPS6, reading, book sites on the web! This gives "web searchers" the opportunity to have a lot of information! And let him or her learn more in daily life. Finally, I would say that the entertainment range of computers is very wide! There are so many to choose from, like videos, movies, @CAPS18, @CAPS1, games, anything for a user or computer user. In a game, user @MONTH1 chats with friends, while @CAPS14 is a game, eg (@CAPS8 @CAPS9), eg @CAPS10 @CAPS11 @CAPS12 online game, @CAPS13 @CAPS14 game. This type of game has given entertainment enthusiasts a surge of fun with @CAPS14 and @CAPS8 @CAPS9 for endless fun. Another type of entertainment is where people can watch videos and movies on video and many more sites that have a database of not thousands but millions of videos and movies. All the user wants is text and clicks! The last type is @CAPS1 and @CAPS18, which allow users to go about their daily lives or bring to friends, family or relatives. With all that said, I want to tell your local paper that you should agree that computers are a good thing for society! Please re-read and choose the correct @CAPS2!
Dear @CAPS1, I think this is a good idea because you can play games, talk with family or friends and listen to music. My first reason is to play games. When you are bored and have nothing to do, you can only play various games on the computer, such as cars, shooting, arcade games. You can do all of these things if you're bored or just want to keep using your computer. My second reason is to talk to friends or family. If your siblings or any of your family members live in a different state and you want to talk to or see them, all you have to do is ask them "@CAPS2 is your email address and if they have myspace or facebook and then you can chat with them for as long as you want. You can also chat with your friends on those sites. My reason is to listen to music. You can also listen to music on your computer bu go to @CAPS3 or download frostwire or something like that. You can listen to all kinds of music like hip hop, rap rock or hardy rock. If you want to listen to any song, you need the name of the song and the name of the artist. This @CAPS2 I think they should play, @CAPS2 They should choose.
Standing in front of a blank computer screen all day, or spending a day in beautiful nature with friends and family is more fun? Well, if you don't know, I do. I did a survey at school on the same question, and the kids of @PERCENT2 said that hanging out with friends and family is more than spending all their time on the computer, and they said that for three reasons. First, instead of talking to people on a computer, talk to people in person. What follows is unhealthy, and in the end a lot of bad things can happen on the internet. So, if you're interested in this topic, keep reading and I'll prove that computers are not a great way to kill your spare time. Do you know what computers are used for? The computer is your human, but for a second, you should be interacting with the people around you, not with people. Instead of talking to your friends on facebook/myspace, let them end. If you do, it's not only more fun for you, it's also healthier. So next time anything else just consider other options. In my last paragraph, didn't I say it's healthier to hang out with friends? Well, I'm definitely @PERCENT1! Did you know that when you hurt your back, you only hurt yourself? Well, when all you're doing is sitting on the stairs looking at the screen, you're not doing anything to help yourself because you're getting an absolute workout. When you're not on your computer, you walk at least a little bit, but typing won't do you any favors. That's why people shouldn't spend all their time on the computer. Have you heard of Internet Presellers? Well, if you let me sum it up for you. Internet predators are people who use computers to make people they don't know do inappropriate things. Did I say it's illegal because it is. So if you ignore your friends, because if you don't, that's a bad thing. This is just one of the reasons why people spend so much time on the computer. So, now you know why people shouldn't spend as much time on the computer as they used to. First, rather than talking to people on a computer, go in person. Second, it's unhealthy, and lastly, it's a predator of the internet. So the next time you open your laptop, think whether it's more fun to climb stairs in front of a blank computer screen, or spend a day in nature with friends and family? Always remember what it is.
Computers have a positive effect on people. Computers can help people understand news about the world, places and people. Computers also help people communicate with each other. Computers can also teach hand-eye coordination. Proponents of technological progress believe that computers have a positive impact on people. Without computers, people cannot learn new things. On your computer, you can learn about new places. One can see where something is, find it, or learn about the place. I remember when I was working on a project on @LOCATION2. I don't know what to do, so I look up @LOCATION2 on my computer. It tells me that @LOCATION2 is at @LOCATION1. Then it showed me photos of @LOCATION2, and the history of this country. Without a computer, I would not be able to get to know this fascinating country. On your computer, you can also learn about historical figures and famous people. On your computer, you can read their biographies, or watch a video of how they became famous. People used to read news from newspapers, and you can read them on a computer without paying for newspapers. Computers can also give you real-time information on what's going on in the world. Without computers, people cannot learn. On a computer, you can also communicate with people who are far away. Scientists have studied how people communicate. @PERCENT1 of @CAPS1 said they use computers to communicate with other people. People can communicate with others using webcams, sights or email. To communicate with @LOCATION2's family, I use a webcam. To communicate with my friends, I use email or aim. Writing letters is slow, and other people you're talking to on your computer can reply instantly. Communication on a computer just got easier. Computers can also teach you hand-eye coordination. On a computer, you see something on the monitor that you can click without looking down and clicking. This can help you get moving and give you quick reflexes. In many sports, you need hand-eye coordination. For example, in basketball, you need to look up when dribbling or falling. Computers can make people react quickly and help people exercise. Computers should be part of everyday life in society. Computers have a positive impact on people, they help people learn new things like places, people and news in the world. Computers are very beneficial to society.
Dear local paper, I am writing to you because I believe people in @LOCATION1 are overusing their computers these days. I think instead of being lazy and playing farmville and pets on facebook, you should get out and about more. I think you should @CAPS8 go to the gym and work out you should @CAPS8 go to the park or have a family fun night with your kids (@CAPS1 you have any) The last thing I think you should @CAPS7 is that @CAPS8 has A little example, "@CAPS2" time to make yourself good (you'll have time soon) @DATE1 all you do is sit at home and play farmville and other games and you might get something soon and you eat right? Well @CAPS1 @CAPS3 .... boy you gained a few pounds @DATE1 and you look like you need to get yourself to the gym. From sitting on @CAPS9 every day, when you eat any calorie or fat @CAPS3, everything you do is gaining weight. And @CAPS4 you probably don't want to. @CAPS7 do you have family? Well @CAPS1 you @CAPS7 I thought it would be fun to take a family trip to the park or @ORGANIZATION1 would be a fun way to @CAPS3 you can take your hands off those keys and your kids. Also, you should make other night family fun nights, play games and hang out with the family on family fun nights where you can play character or board games. (As long as you don't have one at home) My last favorite is "@CAPS4" time. During "@CAPS4" hours you can shop yourself for lunch/dinner and you can even grab a map, "@CAPS4" hours are your @CAPS7 not @CAPS8 on @CAPS9! You need to relax and then brake. Well, these are my suggestions for you. @CAPS3 Now it's your turn to jump out of the virtual world and back into reality.
Dear @CAPS1, using a computer is an amazing advantage in this modern age. They're easy to learn how to use, you can connect with old friends, or even study through the online schools or universities they offer. Computers are amazing advancements and that's why you should use them. Who doesn't like computers? They are easy to learn how to use and come in many forms. Almost every college student has a computer or laptop. They may never have used it before, but then they know how easy it is. Most computers already have the necessary programs installed, including: @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS2, @CAPS3 or some form of @CAPS2, virus protection software, and other simple software. Moving is very difficult, you leave a place with so many friends to a place so unfamiliar to you. Computers make this easier by letting you contact them without having to wait for mail by writing a letter. There's email, Facebook and myspace that allow you to chat with old friends, new friends and even parents. Some say these things are dangerous only when you start talking to people you don't know. People keep coming up with more ways to stay connected, so don't miss out. These people are very smart and they figured out a way to go to school online. This is very helpful for those who are injured or trying to get another degree for a better job. People get homework to do, and each class only takes about a month or two. People can continue to work or enjoy nature because their day is open, not hectic. Of course people won't enjoy the campus, but with current gas prices, it's worth it. So don't be an idler, buy a computer and stay connected to technology. Remember, computers are easy to use, you can keep in touch with friends, and you can use them to go to school. This technology will help you more than it will hurt you.
Dear newspaper, @CAPS9 NUM1% of jobs use computers every day. The invention of the computer changed our world in positive ways. Our society needs @CAPS1. @CAPS1 Helping our world @CAPS9 Help workers find better jobs by teaching faraway places and their cultures, bringing our world together with new conversation skills. We continue. "@CAPS1 is the best electronic tool in the world" @CAPS5 @PERSON4 @ORGANIZATION2 Professor. Today, as @CAPS1 grows, the world is run by @CAPS1! Our culture is losing ground, but as the years pass culture and @CAPS1 are starting to work together. "@CAPS2 You want to learn about a culture, just go online" @CAPS5 from the teacher at @CAPS3. Culture is very important to our world because before technology existed, that's what we were @PERCENT1, world culture can be found on the internet or in our computers. @PERCENT2 of people @CAPS2 They need to do a study, they don't go to this country to do a study, but the first thing they think is @CAPS1 because they can always find what they need. let's continue. The people at @PERCENT3 agree that the invention of the computer helped bring our country closer together. @CAPS9 days, you can talk to people in @LOCATION2 via @CAPS1 without going to @LOCATION2. "The creation of @CAPS1 ushered in a new revolution in communication" @CAPS5 @PERSON1 @ORGANIZATION2 young student. "@CAPS4 I use my computer to make international calls, there are many ways to speak and it's easy." @CAPS5 @CAPS3 A student's mother. Computers use @PERCENT4 more than cellphones because it's cheaper, "@CAPS7 wow, you can see the change in our country, the best thing humans have ever created" @CAPS5 @ORGANIZATION1 prof. Let's go further. Did you know that our @PERCENT4 work in @ORGANIZATION3 is mostly about using computers. Even engineers use computers like @LOCATION1 @CAPS8. engineer. Presented by President @PERSON3. He @CAPS5 said "@PERCENT5 of his job is using @CAPS1. Stats prove @CAPS2 you know how to use @CAPS1 you have a higher chance of getting paid than if you didn't know anything. @CAPS1. Another stat It should be @CAPS2 you know and use computers and you will live longer and happier. @NUM2 @ORGANIZATION2 student agrees his friends have better jobs @CAPS2 they know how to use computers.”Computers help young people have a better life A BETTER OPPORTUNITY” teacher at @CAPS5 @ORGANIZATION4. “@CAPS9 days are essential to know how to use @CAPS1” @CAPS5 @PERSON2 teacher at @CAPS3. @CAPS1 helps the world change for the better. Let complete @ CAPS1 is a tool used by our country's @CAPS4. @CAPS1 helps learn about new cultures in other countries and new ways you can talk to people all over the world at home just from your computer "The handy @CAPS7 can be in your app Knowing how to use @CAPS1 when trying to get a job. @CAPS1 makes our world a better place. Don't forget that without computers, we are who we are.
Dear local paper, are computers a bad thing? of course not! They can be distracting, but in an enlightening way. how? Computers give you extra knowledge, you can connect with people, and if you think they'll take away a workout, they won't, they can actually help with the workout! The first reason I think computers are a positive device is that they give you extra knowledge. It's great for the brain! When you're sitting at home with a lot of stuff, think again, the computer is there. Ask or search for anything and you should have a @PERCENT1 guarantee you'll find an answer! If you feel like you don't know a lot of interesting topics, like a certain culture, or you hear what the computer can tell you. A computer can give you a lot of inspiration. Now when you go back to school, you can brag and say "@CAPS1 you know what?" People will be surprised. Lately experts worry that computer equipment is a distraction that will keep you from exercising and enjoying nature, @CAPS2, don't worry you can learn anything about nature while surfing the web! You @MONTH1 have discovered more than you already know. exercise! Are you worried that you're not getting enough exercise? Then @CAPS2, go to youtube.com, type workout and get fit. You'll come up with millions of workout routines that you can perform in front of your computer. Another thing you can do is go online to learn how to stay fit and exercise! In the end, experts believe that those of us have no social life and no interaction with family and friends. I would say that we spend more time interacting with our friends and close people online than in public. Through facebook, @CAPS3, @CAPS4, @CAPS5 and more, we can talk to these people right away! We're making weekend plans online and a lot of our social life is there. Sometimes our family lives far away and no one wants to pay for the phone so we can connect to the internet! In short, knowledge, exercise, and connecting with friends are all positives in computing. You can easily multitask with just one electronic device, the computer! Experts, you don't have to worry.
Dear editor, have you ever stopped and asked yourself which is more important? Sure, I can talk about anything, but how does a computer compare to family, friends, nature, your own health, etc.? Well, I often ask myself this, I think it's more worthwhile to be with family and friends than in front of the computer. There is so much more I can tell you, just after my first reason, how could it have another side? Why can't kids these days simply run to the bus stop and not feel completely entangled? I think it's because they don't get enough exercise! For example, kids and even adults can enjoy going to the gym instead of sitting in front of a computer. Plus, kids can get more involved in school sports so they can not only play sports, but also participate in school! Finally, just go for a walk with your dog and you can not only walk and get the exercise you need, but also bond with a loyal friend. Have you ever stared out your car window when you find yourself drawn to all the beauty that nature has to offer? Well, if you have I don't think you'll ever have too much, but if you don't, it's probably because you're spending too much time on your computer! There are so many different ways people can learn to appreciate nature more, like sitting on a bench in @TIME1 park while soaking up the fresh air and sunlight. Alternatively, you can ride the bike at a slow pace in a constant cool breeze, brushing your face with each wheel. Finally, you can choose a warm day to sit on the beach and listen to some music next to the Aral Sea. How can you resist these temptations? Finally, I believe family is the most important thing to miss! Without family and friends, you would miss out on so many good morals and experiences. You've lost a great lifelong relationship, how can you turn down an offer to be with someone you love? All in all, I feel that computers are taking away something that most people shouldn't have. I mean, who can live without family, friends, natural beauty, and your own health? That's why everyone should make the right decisions to take charge of their life responsibly, same question, which is more important?
Dear local paper, @CAPS1, do you think the impact of computers on people is good or bad? It's been remembered by @CAPS10, people sparring over @CAPS3 computers vs @CAPS2, I think computers have a positive effect on people. @CAPS10 argues that arguments are people finding the ability to chat with others online and help with their studies. First, computers have the ability to understand distant places. It's really helpful @CAPS3 you @CAPS3 you want to know about @CAPS4 you can go to the computer and google "@CAPS4 @CAPS6". By doing so, you will find a lot of information on @CAPS4. I should have tried it before. So the fact that computers give you this ability to know far away places is really helpful to human society. The second is computer people talking to other people around the world. This is really helpful @CAPS3, you want to get to know people from all over the world. It's not the same as googling other people's facs. It's free because @CAPS3 you google @CAPS3 your online chat with someone in @CAPS10 idea the best way to help friends and family @CAPS3 who don't have all the computers to help with school work. It's helpful for students to be with the world or about a different world It reminds me of a project I once did @CAPS1 about the nine planets. I had to find a lot of information, so that also meant a lot of books and a lot of reading. So these are the easiest and fastest ways for me to @CAPS1 @CAPS10 projects. I went online in @CAPS10 and got all the information I needed. So I completed the @CAPS10 project and gave it to the @CAPS10 teacher. She gave me a project grade of @PERCENT1. I got a @PERCENT1 because I misspelled the @CAPS10 name, but it doesn't matter. What I'm telling you is that computers can help students with school assignments, such as projects. @CAPS2 Thinking I know that computers have a positive impact on @CAPS10 Three arguments are that computers enable you to see faraway places, allow you to chat with other people online, and help you with your studies. Please take the side of @CAPS10 and think that computers have a positive impact on human society.
Dear, don't you agree that using @CAPS1's local news hour editor every day positively impacts people? People should use @CAPS1 more often. I think everyone should have at least one or two computers at home, they were invented for a reason. Computers allow you to interact with friends and family, help you with your studies, and I promise you will have a great time using @CAPS1 by playing games and meeting new people. If you have homework to complete, computer assistance will work. If you need to do some research, you can go to a website and google it, and in seconds what you need to know will appear before your eyes. A computer can also help you. One of your documents has an icon. I read an article about @PERSON1 on @CAPS1 stating that "@CAPS1 users are most likely to succeed in school." Interacting with friends and family is always one. Maybe you don't understand if you are assigned to a certain class. You @MONTH1 add a friend and you'll tell what you have. Talking to your family can benefit you in many ways. Your social life might be in trouble, you can always talk privately with family or friends via @CAPS1. I remember having some difficulties with a few friends and a cousin of mine gave me great advice through an instant messenger called "@CAPS2". I promise you will have fun using @CAPS1. There are so many games that you @MONTH1 love. Playing these games teaches hand-eye coordination, says @PERSON2. You can meet new people and they can give you great advice. Because your computer has many positive effects on people. You can interact with family and friends, get a lot of help with your studies, and meet a lot of new friends. Take my advice and buy a @CAPS1.
How much free time do you spend on your computer every day? It turns out that the average person under the age of 15 spends @NUM1 - @NUM2 hours of free time on the computer. People between the ages of 16 and 48 spend @NUM1 - @NUM4 hours of free time on the computer every day. Prolonged computer use can interfere with physical activity, social time, and health problems. Computers have some great advantages here and there, but mostly negatives. In the latter decade, the percentage of exercise dropped, while computer bills increased. Americans now spend most of their time surfing the web, playing online games and interacting with online chat rooms. After school, the kids go home and turn on their computers instead of going out for a run and play. More and more people across the country are gaining weight due to unhealthy food and no physical activity. A lot of local sports have lost their thirst for physical activity because of computers, and thus lost their teammates. Many people have stopped going out with friends and family because of computer use. What's on @CAPS1's mind these days is "why go out and chat with my friends and when can I chat with them online?" I think the opposite. Get out of the dark house and go out to meet my friends. I don't even go online every day. I checked my homework online and shopped online for twenty minutes. Computers have a major impact on social life, such as going out and having the confidence to meet new people. Finally, health problems are increasing rapidly! The reason we're showing people about weight and health issues now at @CAPS2 can have a lot to do with the negative effects on people. Like @CAPS3 @CAPS4 Obese shows how people gain weight. I think at least @PERCENT1 of these people spend a lot of time on the computer instead of exercising. Eating @PERSON1 and then going home to play online games will definitely increase health issues like weight, unhealthy organs, dysfunctional muscles, and eye and brain damage from constantly staring at a mouse and screen. People should stop spending too much time on the computer and go to outdoor activities or activities, as computer use does have negative effects. It interferes with social time, health and physical activity. Get up and prevent the negative effects of your computer.
Dear local paper, I support technological advancement. I'm going to tell @NUM1 what I think. One is on a rainy day. I don't think you're going out in the rain so you can play games on your computer. Talk to friends. Or you can use your computer for school assignments or work. Suppose you have to look up something for school and you can't find a lie, but you have a computer at home. You can use it to find information. You can use a computer to learn how to do things like make things and so on. If you can't go out and play with your friends, you can use the computer after school. You can do something about them online. One last thing you can ask your friends if they have homework so you don't miss it. So that's why I support technological advancement.
Dear @CAPS1, everyone loves computers, right? These computers can help us do everything. They also provide people with facts about far-flung places. Not only that, but if someone around you isn't home, you can chat with them online! What would the world be like without computers. First, I want to talk about how computers can help us do everything. Computers can take pictures of us, watch videos, and even watch movies for free! You can also check the weather, and if you go to the airport, you can check the flight time or if it has been cancelled. There are so many things computers can help us do! Now, it can also give you factual views, pictures, videos, and movies about far-flung places. Like one time I was going to visit @LOCATION1 but there was a terrible storm there so the flight was cancelled and I checked on my computer and it told me it was cancelled. Also, if you are far away, you can watch videos about that place. They also have maps to guide you through the process. Not only that, but you can also check highway traffic so you don't get stuck there. Wow imagine life without a computer! Third, if you can chat online with your friends or family! If you miss someone or you just want to talk, there are websites that allow you to do so. Like @CAPS2, @CAPS3 and @CAPS4! You will also see this person if you have a camera on your computer, this is called a video chat. You can do this anytime, anywhere! In short, all this can only be done with a computer. do anything for you. Provide people with facts about far-flung places. And, you can chat online. There's more, but you know you need to go to the store and buy a computer!
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I know something is wrong with my computer. People think they are fine. They are bad people. Others just don't care. People just don't understand the present. It's totally different from the society when my parents were kids. People just don't understand modern society. I will tell you the advantages and disadvantages of computers. Computers have many advantages. You can find information quickly. Connecting with people all over the world is a huge advantage. Computers allow kids and teens to have fun. There are games on the site. Computers are what we use today. A lot of things are done by computers, and computers also prevent you from wasting money on books because you can google it. Computers have many disadvantages. They spend a lot of money. The computer can come down. There may also be stupid sites like facebook and myspace that have no purpose. Computers are complex and hard to learn if you didn't grow up with them. The government owns all the information in the computer. If they don't, people will be able to steal a lot of information. The computer is the greatest thing we have ever invented. Today, it helps with many tasks. There is an infinite amount of information in the world, and computers can help find it. I hope this letter has given you more information about computers. Good and bad things come from this. However, it's mostly good. Kids and teens get bored and they drive their parents crazy.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, A normal day for a person with a computer consists of using the computer for at least three hours a day. Today, people, especially teenagers, waste their precious time on sites like facebook, myspace @CAPS1, and more! Think about it, when you can work out, spend time with family and friends, or just enjoy nature, just sitting in a chair and staring at your computer? Do we really need computers after all? Obesity is one of the biggest concerns in the country today. However, we can stop it! We certainly don't help with this when we have kids. Adults spend most of the day sitting in chairs doing absolutely nothing! We are fortunate to have at least two gym buildings in our town where anyone can participate without using a computer. And even if you can't go to the gym, you can easily walk around the neighborhood. Host a running program at our local beach @LOCATION1 where you can work out and even take part in a mini race! Please exercise is the key to everyone's health. There are many ways to exercise, but using a computer is not one of them! Teachers, parents, children's writers, everyone, stay away from the computer and stay healthy! Family and friends are the ones that make us truly happy, but how would we see them if we were on a computer? More and more people are reducing their efforts to meet people in person. Instead, many people video chat via the webcam on their computer. We need to change this habit. Everyone needs face-to-face networking. If we socialize through a computer, our social skills may deteriorate because you are not practicing social skills such as eye contact. Instead of talking to people online, we can enjoy with those same people at amusement parks, restaurants, parks or just in our garden/house. The world is so beautiful and there are so many places to see, but society is too busy to see it because we play on the computer for so long. Our computers consume so much energy that they are a threat to the world, @CAPS2 @CAPS3! In addition to entertaining ourselves on the computer, we can hike, walk on the beach, or even play on our streets, or play in our yards. On your computer, you can see magical places like beaches, but you can't interact with them. If we were away from the computer, we might be swimming at the beach or pool! Nature is so beautiful, why is it so beautiful? Residents of @PERCENT1 in @LOCATION1 own computers and spend a lot of time on them. We can improve obesity, spend more time with family and friends, and explore nature! Let's do a shange so we can do all of these things!
Dear local paper, I believe that computers have a positive effect on people because it teaches hand-eye coordination. You can also learn about different people and places. But it also allows us to communicate with people online. Computers have a positive impact on people because it teaches hand-eye coordination. Because hands and eyes are very important. When you're out in the world, you need to be able to see something and pick it up, or say if you're having an argument with someone. So hands and eyes are very important. Another reason I think computers have a positive effect on people is that you can learn about different things through the internet. Love getting to know far away places and people. So the internet gives you a great opportunity to learn more about the planet than your backyard. So technically it's getting your life ready. The last reason I think computers have a positive effect on people is because it allows people to talk to other people online. Say you don't have a phone, but you have a computer, and you need to tell people something very important; you can do it online. People say it's one of the fastest technologies known to man, and those who need it. Here are three reasons why I believe computers have a positive impact on people. If you don't believe me, hop on a computer and see for yourself. You won't be disappointed.
Dear local paper, I am writing to you about the use of computers and the harm they do to society. As people exercise less, enjoy nature less, and interact less, they have more impact on the world than good. Almost everyone has a computer, and it's being used more and more, it just takes away a good time to be outdoors. First of all, exercise is a very important part of the day, and it's getting less and less because kids are sitting in front of computers all day. There is a lot of talk these days about how we can be the richest country. Well, that's one of the main reasons why almost all of us walk dazedly into a computer screen instead of being active. Computers are a big problem and they cause laziness to happen more often because now if you miss your favorite @CAPS1.V. show Just look online and you'll find it. Or, if you're working on a project, just look it up online and you'll find enough information to be just a click away. Second, enjoying nature right now is a very hurtful thing. All you have to do is search online and you can find pictures of your front yard. There are a lot fewer people outside. Because who needs to be out when you can chat with friends or just find new technology on @ORGANIZATION1. People who are always on the computer don't' @CAPS1 care about the environment because they're wasting electricity and it's more fun to be online where they are. There are a lot fewer people going places now because who needs to go to @LOCATION1 when you can look up a picture of @LOCATION1. It takes away the thrill that people used to get out of the house, rather than seeing the distant world in person through a computer. Third, there is less interaction between each individual. Kids who text, @CAPS2 or facebook chat more than face-to-face with friends are losing the conversational skills of actually talking. Because online you have time to think, so when you talk face-to-face, you have nothing to say because you can' @CAPS1 think and you're not using your full conversational potential. People are seeing each other less and less because they can text and talk through their computer, and they think they don't need to meet now, just talk over the internet. Friends and family start to wonder who you are because you can' @CAPS1 see emotions through the computer. Also, they say you can learn more about someone in @NUM1 minutes of playing with them, and then learn more in @NUM1 minutes of talking to them. That being the case, friends now make friends and don't even know that person, totally understand. In the end, computers are getting better and better for everyone, and they're getting less and less healthy. With less people exercising, enjoying nature and less interaction, people are just wasting time in front of computer screens getting fat instead of hanging out with people and just passing a baseball. There are so many better ways for people to spend their time than in front of a computer. Why '@CAPS1 did they see it?
Dear local paper, @CAPS2 noticed that many people disagree that computers are good or bad for the people who use them. In @CAPS2 comments, they are not helpful. First, when people use computers, they spend less time exercising. Also, computers don't always have appropriate sites. Finally, people spend less time interacting with family and friends. For these reasons, I believe that computers have bad effects on people. There is no doubt that people who spend hours a day at the computer spend less time exercising @NUM1 when every @NUM2 young person obeys. This is because most teens sit inside watching @CAPS1 or surfing the web rather than being active. Some students are so addicted to computers that they never go out! I know computers can help with schoolwork, however, kids who never leave work could have life-threatening weight problems in the future. As you know, many websites that are not suitable for teens can be accessed on a computer. Parents have to constantly worry about what their kids/kids are doing to make sure it's not bad. If fewer teens use computers as often as they do, they'll lift their parents' shoulders. I remember reading a newspaper article on a website about a girl named @PERSON1 chatting with a "@NUM3 yr old boy" who later found her, it turned out to be @NUM4. If kids weren't so addicted to computers, they wouldn't be going to these sites. Many teens spend their days on the computer and don't have time for family and friends. For example, when a friend called to ask @CAPS2 brother to go skateboarding, he said he was just busy on facebook, @CAPS2 friend once said to me: "Sorry, I can't go to the pool today, I'm going to play Roller Coaster Tycoon." With this attitude towards the outdoors, I'm not surprised that students waste time on the computer with no time for family or friends. As you can see, computers have a negative impact on many people. They prevent people from playing games, expose children to appropriate websites, and take away valuable time with family and friends. I hope everyone agrees that computers are not good for people.
Dear @CAPS1 in @CAPS2, the computer is one of the best discoveries in the world today. On the one hand, they contribute to our educational process. They also help to connect people from all over the world in a short period of time and are a necessity for scientific research. By and large, computers are the best thing that has ever happened to a human being. First, our children today are already struggling with their education system. But with the new computer, they worked hard to achieve every goal. Teachers can't tell them everything, but computers can, and beneath the hard drive is a wealth of knowledge waiting to be tapped by eager minds. Furthermore, in today's world, waiting is almost non-existent. Learning to type can give these children a better chance of succeeding later in life. Family, let's say your child is away on NUM1 school days. Often, they miss their homework. But now, they can check online and resume their important learning when they feel better, and unless you want to risk tomorrow's future workforce, computers are an essential tool for us and our children. One of the best things about this world is that we are all different and connecting with each other helps us learn how to communicate with each other and move forward as a society. Having an internet connection through a program like @ORGANIZATION1 is important to businesses because it helps them make faster decisions that ultimately impact us. But don't be fooled. It can also be for fun, like @CAPS3'son & buissness trip in @LOCATION1. no problem. Just get on the webcam with him and you won't have to miss him anymore. In government, the problem develops quickly and insidiously. To solve this problem, the President can quickly connect to his/her advisors in his/her office. Connecting people through computers as we know it is incredible and important to life. Besides, we wouldn't be a science if it weren't for computers. First, we have made great strides in cancer research today compared to static ordinary computers. If not, we might not even have electrotherapy. Let's face it, computers are faster than us; way faster. But that's a good thing, because faster processing means faster research. Although a simple machine @MONTH1 doesn't tell us the cure by its processing speed. It certainly brings us one step closer to unlocking the mysteries of some diseases. Two hearts are better than one. Even scientists cannot know everything. But when connecting with scientists around the world through computers, they can analyze research and make very informed, responsible decisions. Of course, it will prolong our lives, and who doesn't want you to be bigger. Some people say people are too glued to their computer screens. But remember, these people can help keep you alive and help you lower your healthcare costs as you speak. So when you're sick and they find a cure, why don't you still complain that they only found it because it's connected to the keyboard and monitor! Trust them, they know what they are doing. So can we come to an agreement to live? Computers are only for good things, like enhancing our youth, connecting us and helping us find cures for the world's worst diseases. So please help the world help you and promote the use of computers in your community. It ultimately only pushes us further as a society.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I want to inform you that enterprise computers benefit society. Computers enable people to converse with friends and family, they are an important resource for many work and school jobs, they enable people to learn and store information. Computers are one of the biggest advances we've made in technology. First, computers allowed people to converse with friends and family. I like playing with the computer, mainly because I can chat with my friends. The computer is a great way to chat with friends you @MONTH1 don't see often, or just at the right time. I have a Facebook and I always talk to my friends about events at school or school work. For example, last month I sprained my ankle and I was home from school for the day. So I was on Facebook around @TIME1 when everyone was coming home from school and my friends told me what the homework was for that night. So, now with our computer, I can catch up on work that I missed that day at school. Also, if you have distant family members or college attendees, you can email them to keep in touch. My cousin is in college now, and I'm always chatting with him on the computer to see how he's doing. For example, we always talk about the sports we are involved in at that time of year. As you can see, a computer is a great way to keep in touch with family and chat with friends. Second, computers are an important part of many people's lives, as many jobs involve computers; and schools. Computers are a very useful technology because people use them to pay bills, work, and more. For example, my father made testing computer programs a job. Programs are built, then corrected and modified, and then finally sent around the world. If people were not allowed to use computers, many people would lose their jobs and many households would be in huge debt. Also, children do a lot of homework on the computer. For example, I study Spanish and earn literacy points for my class by answering questions on the computer. Research shows that more than @PERCENT1 children use a computer for some kind of schoolwork. Computers are an essential part of today's working society. Finally, computers enable people to understand what is going on around the world. Computers hold a lot of valuable information. There are facts and fascinating pictures about different countries. It also shows people all over the world the cultures, styles, languages and more facts from around the world. For example, one day my uncle was on the computer and he was looking at the place @LOCATION1 and after a long hard time thinking about it, he and his family moved there and they still live there to this day. Computers inspire people to learn and observe different places, and @MONTH1 will lead them to do something important one day. In conclusion, I feel very strongly the positive impact of computers on today's society. I know you feel the same way, because computers have a lot to offer.
@ORGANIZATION1, @PERCENT1 People in the world have used a computer once in their lifetime. Whether looking for information, sightseeing, or getting dressed with friends, people are on their computers. They use computers to work and play @CAPS1 Children use computers to learn. Some scientists think computers can improve your hand-eye coordination, while others think it can make people smarter because they see new things. You, @LOCATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 newspaper staff, use your computer to enter news. You might also use it @CAPS3 for the above. Most jobs in the world are computer-related. Farmers @MONTH1 are required to keep their monetary income reports. Mechanic @MONTH1 uses computer to create blueprints and @CAPS2 officer uses computer to track all license plates. Babysitter @MONTH1 needs to do her homework. As you can see, @CAPS3 jobs use computers. @CAPS3 people how do you know if you know someone or have friends on your computer? I know I know, @CAPS3 people meet friends on the computer. Ever heard of @ORGANIZATION2? They connect people. There are more sites @CAPS4, @CAPS5, @CAPS6 and @CAPS3 where you can chat with friends. All of these reasons combine to show that computers are indeed good for society. They help people in many ways. I agree that we should spend more time outside, but we should also spend some time inside.
I think computers have a huge impact on people. Computers are a great way for @CAPS1 to connect with people, @CAPS2 online, @CAPS3 for work, and @CAPS3 for @CAPS4 facts about @CAPS4. Computers may not be great for exercising @CAPS5 you but it helps you in life and it also keeps you organized @CAPS5 for example it saves files @CAPS5 buisneses and @CAPS5 people in the music industry computer make beats @CAPS5 they can too Recording @CAPS5 them. Computers can help everyone of all ages. It can help younger kids in school write @ORGANIZATION1 or have to do a project, and help seniors @CAPS5 work. Computers can also help you understand what's going on in your life, such as seeing who gets hurt or the weather. Indeed, computers are pretty good @CAPS5, they help you do that, and it's amazing how technology has changed. I don't think some of us would be who we are today if it wasn't for @CAPS5 coming to Veterans.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, @PERSON1 Research shows that @PERCENT1 people believe that computers have a positive impact on people. You can keep in touch with real estate. You can also entertain you on long trips. Computers have a positive effect on people. The computer keeps you in touch with reality, keeps in touch with friends, and is a great way to have fun. If you have a distant reality, you can keep in touch. Video chat lets you see someone from thousands of miles away and talk to them virtually face-to-face. If you're feeling sad and need to talk to someone, you can cheer up with just a few clicks. Plus, if you're in the military and have a @ORGANIZATION1 baby, you can watch them take their first steps or say what they think. Video chat is only for keeping in touch, but even without a computer, you can only talk. Aim and @CAPS1 allow you to see what's happening with your friends every day or once a year at camp @DATE2. @CAPS1 keeps you informed of everything going on like status updates. Aim lets you talk to people using just the keyboard. Mabey You want to go to town with your friends, just message them or take aim via @CAPS1. A computer is the only way to stay connected, although you can stay connected while traveling. A computer can keep you entertained on long rides and even rides. If you want to watch a movie, just install a plate or even rent iTunes or netflicks. If you want to listen to a song, download and listen to your song in seconds. You can even play video games on your computer. Just buy the game, install it, and play. Computers are a great thing during downtime and have a positive effect on people. A computer allows you to keep in touch with your family, keep in touch with friends, and is a great source of entertainment for long trips or downtime. The computer is the light bulb for @DATE1.
Dear newspaper, I think as long as you put down the computer, go out to see friends, and exercise, the effect will be good. Computers allow us to not only talk to each other, but also allow us to challenge each other in games without hurting each other. It can even stop all ways at once because we can challenge other nations in war games without killing real people. We can check our taxes and stock. It also makes it easier to find health, auto, and home insurance. We can look up historical facts on a computer. We can look at how to stop snake venom from getting into your heart and how to make how to hurt you and some arrows. You can find plumbers, technicians, oil companies and lumber companies. You can also find dates on your computer, and you can also find information about certain people.
Dear local newspaper, did you know that the average person spends @NUM1 hours and @NUM2 minutes a day on the computer? That's why I think people spend a lot of time on the computer. If people spend less time on the computer, they will exercise more, spend more time outdoors, and spend more time with family and friends. If people spend less time on the computer, they exercise more. With the growing obesity problem in @ORGANIZATION2, reducing computer time will help. Tests have shown that the less time you spend on the computer, the more time you spend exercising. With @PERCENT1 obese in @LOCATION1, the world helps a lot with this issue. I once had a friend who was always outdoors and playing. Then he got an @CAPS1 account, and he started at home at the computer all day, never exercising. Less time on the computer will also be outdoors. The results I received at school indicated that people tahat @PERCENT2 would go out if they didn't have access to a computer. More people will notice how nature is outside, @PERSON1 says electricity is used in the house. So if everyone has an influence on whether or not to turn off their computer, they'll spend more time with friends and family. There are friends and family on shows like @CAPS2, @CAPS1, and it's talking face to face. You can also like people you see. Use @ORGANIZATION1, but you need it. I would be easier, less you would get a computer and talk to them face to face. That's why I think people spend a lot of time on the computer and it has an impact on their lives. If they don't use a computer, they spend more time exercising, more time helping the environment, and more time socializing with family and friends. So please @LOCATION1 stop using the computer.
Dear local paper, I think having a computer is a great thing. For example, they are fun, they communicate, and they help with design. My number one reason is that computers are fun. I hate going to see nature. But I like to play video games on my computer. However, I still work out because I go out to play basketball and then play on the computer. Computers are still a good thing though, because when @CAPS1 is done playing basketball, hanging out with friends, or when it's raining, I like to play some good old guns and computer games. My second reason is that you can communicate with the computer. I like to chat with my friends on facebook. You just log in and talk to anyone in the world. There's also video chat, where you can actually see someone talking to you from anywhere. Plus, email is great for work. You can send information from one computer to another. My last reason is to design every modern car you drive, originally from a computer. People use these computers to make blueprint designs to build cars. That's why I think computers are good.
Dear Newspaper, The invention of the computer has had a huge impact on today's society. Although many people will view computers in a negative light, computers enable us to perform basic tasks that are required in our daily lives. Many people think that applications on computers are @CAPS1 and keep us from doing other productive activities, but applications on computers are necessary for tasks that must be done. Apps like calculators can save time doing everything on a single sheet of paper. It allows you to do simple or complex math in less than @NUM1 seconds. It's great for finding out how much a tip is, financial reasons (like how much you have to save right now), or even the same basic math or science homework. Another great app is Notes that can be easily entered. This application allows you to take notes by typing, which again eliminates the need to write with pencil or paper. Taking notes on your computer can be used to easily read your notes to get a good grade on an upcoming test or quiz. The most important and must-use application on a computer device is the Internet. The internet is home to millions of websites for a number of reasons. If you're going to see a movie tonight, the internet will definitely tell you the time, direction and length of the movie. It's also a great way to plan a family trip or book a flight, etc. With that in mind, these apps are very useful. Computers are also good devices for learning. It allows you to see information online about new topics like faraway places or people @CAPS1 Would our country line up if we didn't know the outside world around us? It's also a great research study technique. Today, our teachers have given us many projects and assignments to learn new things, and @CAPS1 is a better way to study our subject than on a computer. The fashion for @NUM2 and @DATE1 is just a project I did last month. The computer allowed me to find clothes worn by both men and women, made of @CAPS1 material, and even now they manage to buy and get the material. Research through my computer gave me a good understanding of my subject and helped me understand the basics of my subject. You might agree that communication can be used in a negative way, but communication is @CAPS1 that keeps our world spinning. Computer equipment is one of many devices used for communication. Email on your computer allows you to send messages to single or multiple people, whether signal or service is required. Blogging is also a form of communication on the computer that allows you to freely express how you feel about education on a topic. Instant messaging may be a must for teens. It's fast. It allows you to quickly talk to people without having to wait days for a reply. In conclusion, computers are essential to our daily life, without computers, our people cannot work!
Dear reader, I believe that computers are doing well in our country and have a positive impact on people. This is because it saves paper on sending emails and you save money too, you can also learn about new things in different countries like @LOCATION1, and finally you can connect and talk to people you know and take advantage of Technology gives you an edge. These are a few reasons why computers have a positive impact on society and lifestyles. First, computers help protect the environment, and they do this by keeping us from cutting down trees and making paper out of them. You know how many trees are felled every day around @NUM1 trees and they are not immediately taken to the factory to be turned into paper. But they stopped at the lumber mill and were rotting and didn't have my good work or what they were supposed to do. I think trees have feelings just like we do, but cannot speak with their mouths. So when you cut down a tree, it's like wearing clothes. Using computers, we can save trees and stop this from happening. She sees one of the reasons why computers have a positive impact on love and society. Second learn you can learn a lot on a computer, all you have to do is look for it. I learn a lot in school every day thanks to the help of computers, I feel like I can learn better with computers, @MONTH1 get more in less time, then we'll find a book or topic you're in what to look for. Computers have had a big impact on children, but when we use computers, we are all new. So computers are a good thing and a bad thing. Finally, you can talk and interact with your friends. Technological knowledge has been so advanced that we cannot see the world of the future, such as mobile phones, most of what you see may be mobile phones. But if you open it, what will you find? You'll find a tiny computer capable of browsing and playing music in a smaller size than before. Computers have revolutionized the way we see the world and technology, we can use this technology to talk and play games, and most of what we see every day is used for technical hikes, play stations and even car rardo. All of these are used to help use ract and a person. So I think the technical knowledge is very good. In conclusion, technical knowledge has both positive and negative effects, and the positive effects outweigh the negative ones. Technical knowledge helps us in our daily lives and helps protect the environment by letting us talk and saving paper at the push of a button. Technological knowledge has revolutionized human life and how they view society, but in the end we are all a good thing. So I came to the conclusion that technology/computers have positive and negative effects on society.
Dear @CAPS1, I think people rarely use computers. I think it's because some people use them for work, some people use them for school, and some people use it to talk to family or friends who aren't too close. First, most businesses need computers to keep the business running. Just like my mom works, she needs a computer to pay her wages, stock up, email her work about her work, and find companies that provide concrete, stone, tips, and more. Business people have an excuse to use a computer all the time. Most business people also use a computer to plan business trips. Second, children in schools use computers to do homework, class work, project research, or go to the island to study and educate. Some kids can choose to use a computer incorrectly, but at the same time, it's fun. Like how cells divide into smaller cells, how bodily systems work, or how a girl or boy develops from embryo to birth. Also, most people use computers. Just like @CAPS2, people use @CAPS2 to talk to people on the other side of the world, or you can use aiming. I can both call and text people who live far away. I use aiming to talk to all my friends, I use to face. So don't say that everyone uses computers for the wrong reasons, because that's simply not true. Finally, while everyone is using the computer, it's likely to be talking to friends you haven't seen in a while, or discussing work issues, as well as school-related work. In my opinion, everyone will be using a computer all the time because that's the way of life today. So, I don't think it has any effect on anyone because we all use it for our benefit.
Honestly, I totally believe in @LOCATION2 that children's internet usage should be reduced for a number of reasons. Here are just a few of them. First off, the internet can make a person very obese, for example, if your friend is going for a walk at your house but then decides @CAPS1 to replace you, he probably isn't exercising a lot. In fact, the leading @CAPS2 in @LOCATION1 is no longer a cigarette. is obese. Actually @NUM1 @CAPS3 is obese and the numbers are rising. Another reason internet usage should be reduced is bullies, hackers and terrorists. because. And some I believe in that kid in @LOCATION2
Dear newspaper, this year my school and a policeman came to my school and told me and my peers about the dangers online. This leads me to believe that computers are unhelpful. Computers are not good because they create bad habits. Also, websites and some apps are dangerous. Also, they are addictive. Computers have a bad influence on people. First, computers enforce bad habits. For example, some sites are bad sites and speak ill of others. Some kids @MONTH1 joined in cyberbullying because other kids @MONTH1 succumbed to peer pressure because they desperately wanted to be accepted by their peers. Also, someone @MONTH1 agrees to meet someone they don't know. This can be scary because you don't know if the person is really who you think you are. Recently, I read a magazine that had an article about people meeting other people online. Most people find that this is not who they think it is. In the end, the computer enforces bad habits because the guy at @MONTH1 sent someone some questionable pictures to someone else. As I mentioned before, when the police came to our school, he talked about it. He said people were sending other people their pictures, which were out of place. Those others will send it out and it ends up being a horrible mess. I'm sure this wouldn't be as big as it is now if computers hadn't had a huge impact on people. Computers not only lead to bad habits, but they are also dangerous. I'm sure if you listen to the news you will hear stories about child predators. I think this is a big problem. This wouldn't be a problem if the computer didn't have such a person. Also, computers are dangerous because @MONTH1's kids choose to make bad decisions because they don't know. For example, many kids on myspace or facebook don't talk to their parents or guardians about internet safety. Or even their parents or guardians aren't monitoring them to keep them safe online. In conclusion, computers are dangerous because my space, facebook, blog, videos and more can hurt feelings. As an example, I once heard a story about a girl who was nervous on the Internet. She was so sad that she chose to commit suicide. I thought that was horrible. One should never commit suicide, especially because other people can't be well. All in all, computers are very dangerous. Computers can also be addictive. First, it reduces the time you spend with your family. (Not finished!!!)
As you can see, today's technology is always getting more advanced. There seems to be a new invention that has been attracting a lot of people to buy it. One type of electronic product that is useful to people in many ways is the computer. Many people think that a lot of time is spent on this, but then I think about how good it is. A computer can tell you pretty much anything you need to know, @CAPS1 it's about the same country, or how to solve a problem. @CAPS2, computers are so advanced that you can talk to friends from far away. In the end, computers are helping us give very specific directions instead of drawing maps. Suppose you are working on a school project about a country. By entering exactly what you need to know, you can quickly find your information. @CAPS1 It's population, density, language, food or vacations, computers are the easiest and easiest way to get that information. Or maybe you just want to learn about the country because it interests you. Maybe even if you plan to visit the country, you will wonder where you will spend your time. If you do plan to travel somewhere you've been researching, you can order your tickets online. You can figure out the route you plan to take, which can help you plan your trip. Another reason computers benefit so many people is the ability to communicate with others, @CAPS1 it can bring friends or family from afar, or if you're best friends down a few streets; you might still want to keep in touch with them. Computers are so advanced now that they all have webcams; can you visually see the people you contact in your computer. It's a more exciting way to talk to someone, especially if @MONTH1 or even living in another country @CAPS2 is someone you don't see very often, most teens like to keep in touch almost every day. Often kids like to chat on instant messages just to talk to friends. In the end, computers benefit us by knowing directions and routes. As mentioned earlier, a computer can give direct directions. This is easier to handle than using a map on the road. There are websites where you just enter your exact location and exact destination and it will tell you the exact road and turns you need to take. In conclusion, for those who are concerned about exercising, being outdoors, and enjoying nature, learn to extend your workout time, shorten your internet time, and learn to use your computer only when necessary.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 I understand you are trying to determine if a computer is harmful to a person. On the one hand, computers are making our society anti-social, we are getting fat, and a lot of cyberbullying happens through computers. You can learn all of this and more if you keep reading. @CAPS2 As mentioned earlier, there are many issues with @LOCATION1's social life. You'll see @CAPS2 a lot @CAPS2 @PERCENT1 Our population spends at least @NUM1 hours on the computer. When they do, they are usually... watching a video or tweeting a friend. This @MONTH1 swims like an activity, but it does take us out of our social life. There are many sites that allow you to chat with friends and leave messages on their "wall", but is this really communication? To a certain extent it is, but it is taking away the social skills we need later. You can't get a job through instant messaging, you have to talk face to face. But how would we do this if we just send email and @CAPS3? Also, while you're easy to use in, your grades are poor. Now we're going to fix all the problems we've seen. You work on a computer. This activity, which they monitor, allows you to exercise every day as he gets home playing on the computer and more time. Finally we come to my last question, cyberbullying. @CAPS4 teens over @PERCENT2 will face some kind of cyberbullying in their lives. When teens sign up for facebook and twitter, they are signing up for depression. When a teen starts being bullied, they usually become sad and then their grades drop due to lack of concentration, which causes them to become even more depressed, which can lead them to either commit suicide or join a gang and/or start doing bad things. However, we can prevent this from happening if we spend @NUM2 people's time on the computer. I think this is beneficial. In conclusion, I think we are bad for society. I think they are the amount of our time that could be life. I think if you get to the bottom of what it's trying to say, how do you understand why we need to do a healthier @LOCATION1?
Dear (newspapers), this is a very controversial topic. I am discussing. But at this point I must say that I agree with the experts who say that computers have a negative impact on people. It ruins their social life and other bad things. If you spend all your time on the computer, you won't get exercise, you won't get fresh air, and you won't be able to experience the rest of the world. Not accepting daily exercise is a big problem. Obesity has become a problem for millions of @LOCATION1 mostly because they sit in front of the computer all day eating unhealthy snacks! You want to live a long and healthy life, don't spend all your time staring at a screen. Besides, everyone needs fresh air, right? Using a computer in the room didn't help at all. You need oxygen every day. In the end, if you stick with it long enough, it can become an obsession. Computers are already having a bad effect on those around you, think about what was just mentioned. Another problem with computers is that they keep you away from family and friends. As mentioned before, your social life will be gone forever. With that in mind, people will always see you on the computer and will eventually tire of you. The computers didn't bring any adventures, only their pictures. Getting into the real world can be hard, but it's something that should be done. Real life cannot be lived in a dark room without people or nature. Haven't you always wanted to travel the world and learn about different types of cultures, lifestyles, etc.? It gets to the point where computer use should be limited and life should replace your free time. Using a computer all day will not allow you to meet new people and see new places. You won't get anywhere with a computer screen, so put it away! In short, using a computer all the time can limit your exercise and fresh air. Meet new people and see different places. At the end of the day, life is short, so you can't waste it. Computers have negative effects on everyone, hopefully someday these problems will be changed!
Dear local paper, I have a very strong opinion on the impact of computers on people, because it helps others communicate with each other, gives people information about different types of things, and makes people smarter. To me it sounds like something with a positive impact, would you say? First, as some have said, it doesn't allow you to interact with your family. Yes, you can indeed interact with friends and family through chat rooms (eg goals, meebo.web cam meetings (eg skype.com)). So leave this issue behind, or the windows you work on have to worry about it. Second, you can learn about different types of things, such as learning about wildlife, any animal like giraffes, cats, mice, or learning about different places like @LOCATION2, @LOCATION3, and @LOCATION1, etc... You can also find a day All of this information is available at home. Most importantly, I will make people smarter, and the computer will teach you hand-eye coordinates for free. Computers can teach you anything you need to know about careers or routine jobs in minutes if you want? All in all, computers have a positive effect on people, it allows people to communicate with friends and family, you can learn about different types of things, it makes people smarter. Even after I read this, I thank God for the computer, it has helped us a lot.
Dear @CAPS1, I am writing to you today about computers and I believe computers can teach you things like hand-eye coordination and how to open doors for you to work. You can also use this device for socializing and studying. My first reason is social. I think it's a great way to socialize because there are so many options. An example is Facebook. This is a social networking site for connecting or reconnecting with friends. In a recent poll, 1 in 2 @NUM2 said computers made them more social. Finally, a computer is a great way to socialize because it can spread widely. You can talk to people without paying. This can go from @CAPS2.S to Hungary in seconds. My second reason is that computers are useful in learning. I say this because even if the books are good, they are hard to find. Using a computer, you can access multiple sites. That's how you can go from Wikipedia all the way to the infamous Google. Another reason I believe computers are good for learning is that you have an infinite number of things. You'll get one. Get lost. My third and final reason is that computers can give you excellent hand-eye coordination because I understand accounting. I asked him, "@CAPS3, did you do that accounting job?" and he replied, "They only took me because I have good hand-eye coordination." @CAPS4 That's a working example, the other is real state. Since the computer has multiple options, you can look it up in your client. However, with a good hand and eye, your work will be more efficient. This can help you lead the competition so you can make more money. At this point, my dissertation is over. Say socialize, skip to study, end work, and see you later. These are just @NUM3 of the many rich things a computer can do. @CAPS1 I hope you read this with my regards.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I think kids are spending too much time on the computer for the wrong reasons. I say this because all young children and teens want to do is use @CAPS3 and @CAPS4 all day, not re-search things like that. I have 3 reasons why I think using the computer for the wrong reasons instead of exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends is @CAPS5 The first reason is because it's very dangerous and sometimes there are kidnappers in chat rooms. @CAPS5 The second reason is because they spend time trying to learn things from the internet. @CAPS5 The last reason is because interaction affects violence. There are three reasons for @CAPS5, I'll talk about it here. @CAPS5 I say the number one reason people spend a lot of time on the internet is because it's dangerous. Teens and children alike enter online chat rooms. Most of the time this is bad because the kidnappers will lie about their information so you can meet them and they will take you away. So you can check your daily news or similar searches on your computer, not in a chat room. That's why I say the internet is not always great if you don't get online or know the country. @CAPS5 The second reason I sometimes spend too much time on the computer is that it keeps you away from you coming in and going to the computer instead of doing their reading assignments. @CAPS6 likes computers sometimes more than they like to learn, which is not good because I don't know if they can play educational games on computers, but they don't. The reason why I am worried that there are so many people using computers. @CAPS5 The last reason I'm concerned about people using computers is because the internet on the computer can influence @CAPS6 to become violent in all games the way @CAPS5 does, and if they continue to see violence, it will affect the world. And things of this nature happen quite often. I say this because in this generation when they see violence it provides more needed images and then @MONTH1 thinks it's cool because it @CAPS6 likes @CAPS3 not one on the computer Book rather than appearance. @MONTH1 thinks it's cool when teens see violence on their computers. This is the last reason @CAPS5 I worry about people spending too much time on their computers. So these are some of the main reasons I say computers aren't always good because people spend a lot of time on them.
Dear @CAPS1, Technologies such as computers have been shown to have a positive effect on people. Computers teach you hand-eye coordination, let you know faraway places, and let you communicate with others online. Technology is constantly evolving and it impacts our lives every day. One way that computers benefit society is that they teach you hand-eye coordination. For example, as a person becomes more familiar with their computer, they can quickly type on a keyboard without even looking down to see what letters or numbers they are touching with their fingers. Although the person did not develop hand-eye coordination @CAPS2 while participating in sports like baseball, they still developed it. Computers also benefit our society because they empower others to understand far-flung places. Instead of walking or driving to the library to find a book about @LOCATION1; they can simply go online and type @LOCATION1 into a search engine. Thousands of sources are in front of your eyes in seconds, and you don't even have to leave your chair! This is another reason why computers are good for our society. Finally, computers and technology benefit our society because they allow you to connect with others, reconnect with old friends or family, or just share the latest drama from your art class. I know my instant messenger is always on when I'm in front of my computer. This is what I use every day to communicate with my friends and distant realities. In conclusion, computers do benefit society, and they have been shown to have a positive effect on people. Technology is like a sponge, it absorbs information and then continues to expand each time more information is added. *@CAPS2 By doing this I am able to maintain healthy, strong relationships with other people.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 is not bad for society. They are actually very beneficial to people. Computers allow us to talk to people online. They can help us in school and give us the information we need to do things in life. People think they're bad, but all you have to do is dig a little deeper and you'll find benefits in @CAPS7. @CAPS5 people use @CAPS2, <@PERCENT2@NUM1> times @CAPS7 is talking to people on @CAPS3, whether @CAPS7 is using video chat or email. People who don't like using @CAPS2 and emailing @CAPS10 "@CAPS4 don't use the phone or even talk to them in person." With email, you can send your message a mile away. If you're sending someone a list, like a recipe. You don't want to give them @CAPS10 over the phone. @CAPS7 would make it easier to type @CAPS7 and email @CAPS7 to them. “@CAPS5 my son said. He’s going to teach me how to use email and I think @CAPS7 is a waste of time,” @CAPS6 @PERSON1, senior. “@CAPS7 Turns out, @CAPS7 isn’t. Now I use email every day. A lot of people think email is a waste of time, but @CAPS7 can help you in your daily life. @CAPS3 can help also @MONTH1 Way. @CAPS7 helps us get information on a variety of topics. If you're trying to stir fry and you don't know what to put in @CAPS7. You try to call you mom, but she's not there. Your next choice Was checking out @CAPS7 on @CAPS2. @CAPS7 turns out there is a website with a recipe for a stir fry and you follow the one to make the best recipe. I know your experience with a map of places online since I make it almost every week Going to some. Google Maps is the most used place on @CAPS3 except for email. Some newspapers have websites @CAPS11 You can read newspapers without actually paying this saves you money, @CAPS7 cuts paper @CAPS11 we can save Trees. The huge world of @CAPS3 can change our lives. @PERCENT1 PS2 of those who use @CA are students almost every day. Students use @CAPS2 for many reasons. The biggest one is typing. Students use typing to type Reports and emails. "My handwriting is messy", @CAPS10 student, @PERSON2. "@CAPS11 No one can read my assignments and reports without @CAPS2. Even I can't" @PERSON2 is one of many people lucky enough to type on @CAPS2. Another reason students use @CAPS2 is to find report information. If a student includes a bibliography in his report, you'll see him /She was using @CAPS3 @PERCENT2. @MONTH1 doesn't have a book at the local library for students to use, but @CAPS3 will have many websites and blogs for him/her. The third reason is for help. There are many Helping students find help in any subject. @CAPS3 can help students get through school. @CAPS2 can help anyone from talking to someone to helping students learn science. That's what computers are good for.
Use a computer, or not. That's the problem. Today, hundreds of millions of people use computers in their daily lives, but some people believe that using computers is not good for society. I firmly believe they will do so. Computers provide entertainment, ways to interact with people, and an almost endless expansion of knowledge. Without them, we quickly find life harder and navigation less fun. Have you ever sat bored at home on a rainy day because there was nothing on @CAPS1? Well, I have many occasions. When this happens, all you have to do is turn on your computer and you have endless options at your fingertips. You can visit gaming websites and play thousands of different games. (It also helps improve your hand-eye coordination). You can also watch movies or @CAPS1 shows you missed or want to watch again. You can even visit sites like fanfiction.net to read or write your own story! Another reason computers benefit society is that they help you interact with people. You can use webcam email and chat sites to stay in touch with family and friends far away without having to pay for the phone. You can also meet new people from different countries and become their people. This way you can learn about different lifestyles and cultures. You can also quickly contact people for incident updates in an emergency and communicate with your teacher if you have questions about assignments. Finally, and perhaps even most importantly, computers have a huge source of knowledge. Let's say you want to learn how to start a campfire, you can just google "how to make a fire" and you'll find @NUM1 matches in seconds. Plus, if you've been assigned a school project, you can easily do all of your research on your computer, then type the entire thing into a Word document. You can even earn a college degree online if you want. If you want to find a restaurant that specializes in @CAPS2 cooking, you can find one nearby, get directions, check the menu, check the prices, learn about the history of the restaurant, find reviews of everything in a gorgeous little restaurant Choice: Yours computer. So you see, computers have greatly benefited society. In fact, I don't think we can live without them. They provide us with entertainment, easy ways to interact with people, and a huge source of information. Now, for those of you who still think computers are bad; I'd love to see you lose a week without using one.
Dear @LOCATION1, I @CAPS1 believe that using computers is good for the community. I believe this is because the use of computers facilitates research, work and living with people in the city. First, the use of computers will facilitate better research. Most @CAPS2 don't have a textbook on @CAPS3 or @CAPS4 at home, so they rely on the internet. I don't know what some of the words meant when @PERSON2 gave the class a little park. So I log into my laptop and keep using Google, and within seconds, the definition pops up on my screen like pop rock. After I figured out what the words meant, I finished my homework in about five minutes. I don't know how long it would take without internet. Equally important, using a computer will allow for a wider range of jobs to choose from. @LOCATION1 @PERCENT1 in today's job needs some kind of computer work. Some jobs require fast typists. Some people can type as fast as a cheetah can run. Some jobs require people to use @CAPS5 or @CAPS6 - computers are necessary to get high paying jobs. Finally, using a computer will open the gateway communication @CAPS7, @CAPS8, @CAPS9, etc. are just a few of the many ways to communicate online. If a friend of mine doesn't have a phone, they most likely have a @CAPS7. @CAPS7 gave me a way to talk and @CAPS11 posed for pictures with my friends. A @CAPS12 @PERSON3, @PERSON4 and I will all be working on our @PERSON1 project. @PERSON3's phone was taken so the only way I could speak to her was on @CAPS7. Did you know that @PERCENT2 of @LOCATION1 has @CAPS7, @CAPS8 of @CAPS9? To @CAPS17, I hope you enjoy reading about how using computers can help with research, applying for jobs, and communicating with family and friends, please @LOCATION1, @CAPS18 in the paper so all residents of @LOCATION1 will agree with me.
Dear Newspaper Editor of @STATE1 I recently read an article about how experts worry about people spending too much time on the computer. Well, I agree with them. I am a firm believer that computers are killing your time exercising, enjoying nature and even interacting with family and friends. Well if you look at teens today, and more and more people are getting overweight like in the days when they didn't have a computer or internet, not that many people are overweight or even obese because they have time to go out and exercise or Exercise with others. Exercising is important because especially when you are overweight or even obese in your teenage years these problems won't go away and it will cost you in the future because not only do you have the opportunity to be obese but you have to pay for it All the medicines and treatments that come with it. Experts also believe that spending time on the computer will take time to enjoy what nature has to offer. It's good that people know about different types of places in the world when others might argue. Well, I offer why you have to just read about online places and see pictures, and why you can't be the one pasting pictures for other people to see. Why can't you be the one experiencing it and just read it. Experts also believe that spending time on the computer wastes your time interacting with family and friends. As a teenager, I have learned that communicating with family and friends is important to our health. I'm not the only one who agrees with this, as research shows that kids who can talk to and communicate well with their parents have the ability to do well in school and are more respectful of others than kids or teens can't really relate to their Parents talk or talk. For example, if you're the kind of person who talks to your family, you'll get good grades like A's and @CAPS1, and you'll learn to respect others, while people who can't talk to their parents have trouble concentrating, or even perform poorly, trouble themselves, and gain @CAPS2 and @CAPS3. Well, I know as the editor of @STATE1 newpapper you are a busy person with a lot of different things to do, but I hope you will consider and remember the importance of exercising, enjoying a routine, and spending time with family and friends interactive.
Dear @PERSON1, I am sending you this letter on behalf of those who spend too much time on their computers. Someone @MONTH1 said you are learning about a different culture and interacting with new friends every day. The truth is that computers can't help you. In fact it hurts you. Spend all day on the computer and you'll get fat, lose the good things outside, and miss out on life. @LOCATION1 as a whole is known as a fat nation. This is because most people eat and then don't exercise. Most of these obese people don't exercise because they are glued to the computer. When interacting with other people, they just keep eating, and most people don't even know why they're eating. If we want to erase @LOCATION1 as a fat nation then we have to keep people off their computer screens. It's actually our fault because we didn't take a stand. We have to show people how bad computers really are. Also, when people are on the computer, they miss the world. They won't go out, they won't know what the real world is like. Imagine that cthat is an adult who doesn't know anything about the outside world. Also, they may miss the kind of life-changing exercise that people @CAPS1, they miss their entire lives. We only have one life, so you better enjoy it. It would be very sad for a person to be stuck on your computer screen for the rest of your life. I really feel bad for that guy, then it can be fixed again. All we have to do is take away the computer. If we do, then all problems will be solved. Finally, if we get rid of computers, we will be called a new country. Untempted and independent human beings. We will rewrite ourselves in history to free ourselves from computers.
Dear newspaper reporter, people should not have computers. Computers have negative effects on most people. @LOCATION1 has the most obese citizens in the world. Many people sit in front of a computer all day to work. Then they go home and use their computers instead of going for a walk or a bike ride. Some people like to see pictures of nature or birds online, even if there is an entire forest outside. Another problem with computers is their security. There are a lot of people on computers that don't belong there and trying to hack your computer. Viruses can sneak into your computer without your knowledge and can find everything on your computer, even personal information. They can even monitor what you type, maybe passwords! Many people have been paying their taxes online, and if they have a virus on their computer, they can get their personal information! Plus, most people who pay their taxes online have to use their online bank accounts, so for now. They also have your bank account password! Computers are a bad thing for most people. They make people unhealthy and can allow their personal information to be compromised by viruses.
@ORGANIZATION1, I want to tell you that computers are very useful in today's society. Have you ever needed information about a state or a place that you need to know? Did you turn? What I know is not books, but computers. How would you get your information without it. I think computers are good for our society because it helps you learn, it tells you where and when to sign up for events. People interact with other people in different countries, states or continents. Next, is how computers can benefit our society. Computers can help us learn by searching for research papers and even extending our general knowledge. For example, today my class and I are going to @ORGANIZATION2 @CAPS1 to find information about bus seat belts. Without a computer, my class and I can't do it without a computer. If we have books, it's not enough to give us all, which means we have to share. Sharing with some kids @MONTH1 has been taking up books for a long time and not allowing the other kid to get the information needed to do the essay will lead to a civil dispute between the two of them in the classroom. With a computer, it is enough for every kid in our class. Also, computers can help to acquire more general knowledge faster. You will get smarter as you gain more general knowledge. Next, a computer can help set up the activity. Computers can help sign up for things like baseball, soccer, basketball, or the gym. With the help of a computer, you don't have to waste time going to the gym to sign up, you can do it at home. Maybe there is a waiting list to enter. You will know this if you register online. For example, my brother plays baseball and my parents signed him up online. All they have to do is take him to that place to register and prove it. I live in @LOCATION1 town and everyone else has to sign up, sign up and pay. All of this can be done online, just as my parents didn't understand why computers could be helpful to society by gaining knowledge and signing up for events. Do you see why we need them for everyday life or just to get around? Computers are good for our emerging society!
Dear local paper, have you forgotten the book you need for your homework? Did you miss the latest episode of your favorite show? Well, all these things and more can be solved by using a computer. Computers provide us with everything we need. Be it information, games or online friend chat sites. Computers are essential to our society today. Countless times I desperately needed information. If I am doing a school report on animals. I can go to the computer and search for anything I want. No more driving to the town library and flipping through countless books and encyclopedias. I just thought that was a waste of time because you basically have everything you need 20 feet away. It's in your house! No more searching through biographies for hours. If you need to know about state capitals, you can find it right away. For me, it was a lifesaver. Computers not only help you get information, but also make school projects easier. From my own experience, I need pictures for school projects. The internet saves time and effort instead of drawing it. All you need to do is print the pictures! But if you have a paper, let's say, it's supposed to be ten pages, who wants to write all of it? With a computer, you can type it in half the time. Then, when you're done, you can print it out or even send it directly to your teacher. However, if you haven't already, you can save it on a thumb drive and use it on any computer you want. All in all, this is a huge help. The last reason I think computers are good is that they provide instant fun. There are millions of games on the computer that kids can play for free. Also, it has many sites like @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 that allow you to interact with your friends. If you need to tell them something, you don't need a phone. Plus, if you missed something, or want to watch a music video, there's a website for that too. As a kid, I usually never came home because of sports and school activities. If I miss something on @LOCATION1, it will almost certainly be on the computer. You don't have to wait a week or so before they rerun that episode. Who wants to do this? In the end, I think computers benefit people all over the world. No more driving to the library, or going out to buy games. A computer provides everything you want for free. Basically, I think a computer is a huge time and effort saving tool that every household needs. It definitely benefits society.
Yes, I agree with the experts' concerns. I say this because real people are on the computer for a long time and forget their family members, there are all kinds of dangers online, and in the end your brain doesn't get enough exercise. Don't you think this is all true? Well, then if you still don't believe me, I'll prove it to you. First, people are addicted to their family's computers they forget. Get used to looking for things like myspace or facebook on the computer, but they should spend time with their family playing games like @CAPS1, @CAPS2 or @CAPS3. I'm speaking from personal experience, not me but my cousin @PERSON1 he's so addicted to computers that every time his family tries to do something fun together they always fight because he doesn't want to go . Second, people can face major dangers online, for example, when people you meet in a chat session all think your age, but every time you see an older person in the news trying to act like @NUM1, but they Not just wanting to do bad things. Therefore, you may face many dangers online. Finally, by using a computer, you're not giving your brain the good workout or exercise it needs. You just let it be there, but you can read a book or do a word search puzzle; those are great ideas for exercising your brain. In a recent study, experts said people who spent time reading and exercising their brains performed very well on exams, but those who spent most of their time on the computer failed the exam. So don't you think I'm right? Don't you think that if you spend too much time on the computer, you will spend less time with your family? You could be in serious danger without your brain getting the exercise it needs. Did I persuade you?
I would like to state on my behalf that I do not agree that computers are good for society. I disagree for three reasons. A lot of people won't enjoy the outdoors, people at @CAPS1 will spend time at the computer at @CAPS1, and a lot of people will gain weight from inactivity. You won't get out of the car for a while when you're sitting at the computer, why, because you're having a lot of fun. You don't stop what you're doing when you're having fun, @CAPS2 don't pay attention. Eventually, you'll get addicted to playing on the computer instead of going out and playing with friends. @CAPS4 will just take up all your time. @CAPS2 When you're bored, you find anything you can do instead of being bored. A lot of people think it's a good time to hit the computer, but @CAPS3 you're bored you'll stay on the computer until you have something to do. When I'm bored, my mom always tells me not to stay at home because @CAPS4 will get worse. There is always something you can do, not that you just have to work harder. My last reason is that when you sit at the computer and you are your fingers you gain weight, I read that @NUM1 kids get fat every year, not because @CAPS4 runs in the family, but because not Activity. Inactive means inactive activity. @CAPS3 you will gain calories @CAPS6 Weight is unhealthy and you can fix that by finding something on your computer. In short, you @MONTH1 mixed with @CAPS3 that you want to keep running on your computer. @CAPS4 Doesn't matter @CAPS3 You keep going. But keep in mind the reasons why I don't spend too much time. You don't like the outdoors, find something else to do when you do, you add @CAPS3, you spend all your time on the computer.
In my opinion, I don't think computers have anything to do with people who lack exercise or sleep. I think it's everyone's decision to use computers as long as they want. People on computers obviously don't care if they sleep or not. When people are on the computer, I don't think they play as much and start getting fat, but it's their decision. Also, when the time comes, they will realize that they need to spend less time on the computer and exercising. However, they need to have a time limit to use the computer, and they need to limit their time to eat properly and exercise. On the computer @NUM1 people don't have the opportunity to interact with family and friends because they want to be lazy and stay on the computer. Family and friends were angry and didn't want to hang out anymore, and after a few months they were without friends. Nature smells good and looks good, and computers keep people inside all day! I think we should have more time outside. In addition, computers sometimes make children not want to clean the house, do not want to do housework, because they are addicted to the computer.
Dear local paper, I agree with @CAPS1 that computers are bad for different reasons like not exercising regularly or putting people's health at risk by making people spend more time on the computer than interacting with family and friends Among them, sadly, it has also caused people to change their attitudes and ways of being there. But if you want to hear more than you, you have to keep reading. There are many consequences of people spending too much time on the computer, such as people being addicted to watching something or being addicted to watching something, or just being addicted to the computer itself. There are a lot of people who have to wear glasses these days, probably most of them have to wear glasses because of too many computers, and it must be bad to have to wear glasses for the rest of your life. Too many computers are also bad for a person's health because they spend more time on the computer than they spend exercising. I believe people should spend more time interacting with family and friends because it will also make you lose your friends and/or family because you are not giving them the time they need, friends and family are the most important thing in a person's life one of the things. Last but not least. Too many computers can change a person, such as how they behave, speak, and attitude. Well, I've given you the reasons why I think computers are bad, for example, endangering their health, changing a person's life, making them lose their family and friends, and you're the rest.
You need to gather information for a project you present at school, but how will you find information about your subject quickly and easily? Most people turn to one of the most used technologies in @LOCATION1, computers. Computers are used for quick and easy research, interaction and communication with friends, and personal entertainment. Some believe that computers will take away enjoying nature, spending time with family and friends, and exercising. But what if we don't have a computer ? Possibilities such as research will be more difficult. For example: Computers can help us understand almost anything quickly and easily. This can help reduce the stress of school work or work. Plus, the computer can be accessed directly on your behalf, so there's no need to travel. Computers also have programs for preparing articles, papers, slides, and brochures for presentations. If we don't have computers, research will be more difficult and travel may be required. Computers are one of the most common ways to communicate with friends and family. Websites and emails help you stay connected with anyone anywhere in the world. You can compose emails, access live chat and even webcams. Email is like mailing a letter, only it's sent instantly and there's no charge. There is also no risk of anyone reading your messages. Live chat is when you chat via text on your computer. A webcam is a face-to-face interaction, producing the effect of a face-to-face conversation: @CAPS1 has the benefit of communicating via computer at no cost. Finally, the computer provides games for your personal entertainment, which help to eliminate boredom. The computer also helps improve hand-eye coordination while staying organized @CAPS2, pictures, videos, etc. can be placed in files and saved on the computer so you can open them at @CAPS1 time. The computer @MONTH1 will take away some activities, but think how difficult and stressful things would have been without it. I think computers have a great impact on people, and at the same time it's a useful technology.
Dear local paper, I firmly believe that computers have had a huge and beneficial impact on society. They have many features of @CAPS4. Options and usage capabilities! Would you really stop your kids, friends and family from using such an amazing invention that helps us every day? Computers can help others communicate, help educate you, and even prepare you for the future. A great option a computer has is the option to communicate with others. You can set up email or chat accounts to chat with friends and family. Now some of you may be thinking, "@CAPS1 don't use the phone to talk to others." @CAPS2 These are the many reasons why @CAPS1 is better online than on the phone. I remember one time a few years ago. My cousin @PERSON2 and I were alone at her house when the phone wasn't working @PERSON2 @PERSON2 dropped a star and brought us some soda when I heard a crash @PERSON2 fell down the stairs down. Since the phone couldn't get through, I jumped over to the computer in her room and had a quick "chat" with Dad to tell him what was going on. From these, my dad called an ambulance and @PERSON2 was fine. @CAPS4, computers are not only a great way to communicate, they can save some lives! Another function of computers is that they can actually educate. For example, if students have to write a paper on @CAPS3 for school, then they need to do some research. Internet Explorer on your computer can open your eyes to the world of kodedge. All you have to do is go to a search engine like @ORGANIZATION1 or @ORGANIZATION2 and enter the topic you want to learn more about. Before you know it, there are millions of websites that educate you about topics you want to learn more about. High school teacher @PERSON1 said, "There are @PERCENT1 students in school who use computers to help them with homework and research." @CAPS4, you have it , computers are a great resource for information. The final reason computers @CAPS4 are good for our society is because they can actually help prepare you for the future of work. Maybe one day your kids will be working in the office and they have to use the computer all day. If you don't have experience with computers, companies won't hire you. However, if you know how to use a computer @CAPS2, there is a good chance you will find a job that will support you and your family. Research shows that "@PERCENT2 of businesses involves using computers" Computers are becoming an important part of society and it's important to start learning more about them as soon as possible! I think it's now clear how important computers are in our society. They help increase communication, a great source of knowledge, and help you prepare for work. With each passing day, computers help drive the future and help make the world a better place.
Dear local paper, I am writing this article to let you know that many people spend a lot of time on the computer instead of enjoying nature. People say that the advancement of technology believes that computers have an impact on people in this way. A lot of people say it's okay to use a computer, but remember to think about what wonderful things nature has in store for us. I would say that the experts are right that people spend too much time on the computer and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. I think, in some ways, many family members and friends see so many other relatives and friends on the computer as if they're thinking maybe they don't care anymore. Caring about nature and your loved ones is a wonderful thing. My friend @PERCENT1 agrees with me that people should use less electronic devices because it affects your brain or your vision (vision). @CAPS1 More and more people should drop it. @PERSON1 from Yale University has done extensive research and demonstrated that many computers people are using break with every use. I totally agree with him that there should be a time limit to give them free time later to enjoy and enjoy nature, but something different like listening to soft music. I know you'd agree with me when I said maybe people should spend less time influencing themselves. Whatever I want you to agree with me so that it is possible to break this habit of using a computer and not having time for family and friends is not the beginning.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 experts focus on the computer usage of today's population. I agree with this because there are so many children and adults who are counted and labeled as obese or overweight. Technology has advanced enough to allow machines to do everyday tasks, proving how lazy some @CAPS3 are right now. People sit at home and stand in front of computer screens and forget to take the time to exercise, enjoy nature, or go out and have fun with friends and family. Having a computer obviously interferes with one's @CAPS4 @CAPS5 real @CAPS5, not "@CAPS4 @CAPS5" chatting with others over the internet. Publishing apps that connect people through computers destroys the reason to leave home. Now with video, you can meet another person virtually and show your loneliness and independence from others. When your friends are having a party. You'll be absent because I'm sure they won't have webcams there. Another reason for not needing a computer is that many people ignore pure nature. When surrounded by the new digital age. The beauty of the outdoors is forgotten. Sure you can watch videos and see pictures of nature, but does that really mean anything compared to the crisp, clean help in your hair or the once-in-a-lifetime animal action you @MONTH1 see? Plus, nature and the outdoors @MONTH1 will inspire you to go on a diet or start a diet to see how healthy and perfect the outdoors can be. It is also a great place to exercise. Obesity is known to be a factor in @LOCATION1 and around the world. But now, being overweight is at an all-time high, claiming lives and causing many to plunge into depression. In my opinion, I believe this is highly correlated with computer usage. Fast food in particular played a role. People haven't realized the need to exercise more often. In conclusion, you can see how the use of computers affects our country in a negative way. Computers using @MONTH1 are "normal" when used in moderation, such as sweets or oily foods. It does work as a way to pass the time, for a while, but so does exercise...Which one do you think will end up as a believing solution? Clearly, we must stop relying on technology to help and start our own activities again.
Dear @CAPS1, I believe people spend a lot of time on one computer. I believe this and I have @CAPS7 reasons. @CAPS2 The first reason is that people waste money on it. Everything they get from a computer is what you get from a book. The reason for the last @CAPS2 is because of the "@CAPS8 crisis". @CAPS2 said the number one reason people spend a lot of time on computers is that people waste two bucks on them. I believe it's because of your electricity and @CAPS3 bills. People with computer electricity bills are always high and for some reason they are forced to pay @NUM1$ or more for electricity. This is also true due to the constant charging of the laptop or the running of the computer. They also have to pay @NUM2 and odd dollars on the @CAPS3 bill to keep @CAPS3 connected. So at dawn there is a total of @NUM3 and odd dollars. The second reason for @CAPS2 is that anything you can get on @CAPS3 you can get from books. I believe this because where do you think website makers get their information from. Reading books also increases your knowledge, allowing you to come up with answers quickly at any time. Another reason is that the information on some websites is not always accurate. @CAPS2 The third and final reason is that we are all dealing with this "@CAPS8 crisis". @CAPS7 People are becoming less active every day because of their computers. This results in fewer people being physically active and unhealthy. @LOCATION1 is suffering because of this. Fewer people are joining the military because of this crisis, and computers are sadly contributing to a worldwide crisis. I fervently hope that @CAPS2 letters help you understand @CAPS2's point of view on this topic. To show that people spend a lot of time on a computer because it wastes money, anything you can get from a computer can be gotten from a book, and because of the "@CAPS8 crisis".
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I have heard a lot of scientists focus on computers. Computers brought us to @DATE1 and improved our society, but they are harming our children's health and education. Thanks to computers, children and adults around the world spend less time with family and friends, do not enjoy physical activity, and have health problems. Children and adults are not spending time with their families due to advances in technology. Computers are destroying family ties. For example, a study by @ORGANIZATION1 showed that families with more computers at home communicate less. Children talk to their friends online or on social networking sites rather than talking to their families in person. In addition, computers make it very difficult for families to eat together. When kids are on the computer, they don't want to leave. This obsession with technology makes it harder for families to grow and to be more successful in school. Computers are better educated kids. @PERSON1's physical activity suffers too, kids with more fresh air, they'll stick around on the site all day. Sports teams because of computers. The electricity that runs the computer that radiates this. Exposure to this environment may result in brain damage or possible death. When my aunt first bought a computer, she complained of recurring headaches. This is caused by radiation emitted by the computer. Another health risk is obesity. When kids sit in front of a computer for hours, their appetite increases. These kids eat because they have nothing to do. When using a computer, users eat and gain weight due to loss of exercise. They may become obese and may develop diabetes. As a result, less communication in the home, less physical activity, and computer-induced health problems. The consequences of misuse of this technology are devastating and can be life-threatening. Therefore, I urge you to do everything possible to reduce your computer use or face the consequences that come with it.
Computers are great, they can help you with anything you need. You can shop there, pay your bills, or even book a flight to go on vacation, but people spend too much time on it. They should only spend a certain amount of time on them, not the whole day. Many people spend enough time on the computer. People often spend hours on the computer without even realizing it, they stay up @TIME1 doing work or playing games. @TIME1 for a while, it will eventually hurt the body. Since @CAPS2 you're on the machine all day, you hardly use any energy. So you tossed and turned in bed for @CAPS1 night. Then this can lead to bad feelings in @TIME2, @CAPS2 you're doing @TIME1 badly for your body. I believe that people who spend all their time on the computer end up being overweight. @CAPS2 You sit in a chair all day and then you don't get any exercise. Then when you eat, you don't burn calories, causing people to wait and become over-waiting, making your body very unhealthy, and potentially causing health problems. When people are on the computer, they end up ignoring nature. They missed being in the wonderful warmth of @CAPS3 @CAPS4, or going out and playing in the snow and making @CAPS5, Fortress, or fighting @CAPS6. They even missed going out for a walk because they were @CAPS7 @CAPS8 in their house and their fare was glued to the computer. Being on a computer consumes a lot of your body. It can cause health problems and even general problems. So people should spend part of their day on the computer. Another part of the day, they should be outside, walking around, maybe playing with pets, kids or friends. As long as they're not in a chair and not at a computer and get some exercise.
Dear local paper, a computer is a useful tool when doing school reports or anything like that, but, @CAPS2 we really need a computer. @CAPS3 can be a hassle when using computers for school projects. One of the many problems people have with computers is creepy, @CAPS3 of your computer frezz can be very time consuming when working on a project. Another problem is pop-ups, pop-ups can cause viruses, @CAPS3 can cause it to become very slow when your computer is infected with a virus. Witch leads us to the next problem slow, when computers are slow @CAPS3 is very digital. Computers pose some problems and risks. One health problem is that you can be a hermit and stay in it all day because you are so dependent on the computer. Another problem is that you can become very obese because you are not doing any physical activity. One of the risks of using a computer is that you could end up with a fassebook, @CAPS1 or myspase and eat meat from some people claiming they're not there and being kidnapped by harassers! You can make other changes besides using your computer. One option is that you can go to your local library and pick the information you want from your books. Another option is to ask the teacher if she/he can lend you a textbook. But the main alternative is computer to old books! So now @CAPS3 is your choice, "@CAPS2 do we really need computers, or can we live without them?" @CAPS3 is your choice!
computer. They are an astonishing scientific marvel that greatly benefits humanity today. But computers are only as good as how you use them. Homework can be made easier, connecting with others easier, and entertainment like @CAPS1 and video games just a click away. On the other hand, computers can be distracting, addictive, and tiring. It is important to understand the strengths and weaknesses of computers. For example, the search engine @ORGANIZATION1 is a very useful and easy-to-use website. If you run into any concepts or questions, just type it into @ORGANIZATION1 and a link to the website pops up, which will help answer any questions you want to know. There is also a website called @LOCATION1. This site is a general dictionary, @CAPS2, encyclopedia and translator. I even have an app on my phone. But technology can also be distracting. Social networking sites like facebook, gaming sites like @CAPS3, and sites like @CAPS4 can be very tempting and distracting when you're supposed to be doing your homework. Procrastination makes it easy to give in. But self-control is the only way to avoid this problem. It's also important to budget your time so you can do your homework and be on the computer. One thing I find very useful on computers are online textbooks. We are lucky today that most large books can be formatted on a computer. Instead of carrying @NUM1 pounds of textbooks, you can use @NUM1 megabyte books on the Internet. This makes travel to and from school much easier. That way, textbooks often take up a lot of desktop space, but all you need is as much space as your computer will take up anyway. In this way, learning also becomes easier. Everything a computer can do is awesome. But it can also prevent us from going out, exercising, and meeting real people in real life. This need for a computer can be bad. As a society, we are all too connected. Our status, relationships, friends and place in life always need updating. Distractions are everywhere. For example, Facebook is very addictive. You are viewing a virtual landscape. Self-control is really the only way to leave the computer and enter the real world. Overall, computers are great, but you have to know when and how long to use them. It has several benefits such as entertainment, communication and information. But all of these things can be distracting because they might help. know this. I want society to think about the pros and cons of computers.
For local newspapers, computers have had a major impact on today's society. People rely heavily on them, but the same people disagree. I think computers have a positive impact on people. Computers are very interesting. They can help find and keep in touch with long-lost friends. Plus, they can help with homework. Read on to find out why I chose these resonances. First, computers can entertain. There are thousands of games to choose from. Dress up as education. This is good for toddlers aged five to six. As it says in the writing prompt, it teaches hand-eye coordination. In addition to my first reason, computers help long-lost friends. There are websites that can help you find people. For example @CAPS1, @CAPS2 and Yahoo. These sites help keep in touch with family members. If there is no telephone, then there is always a computer. Finally, computers can help with homework. Sometimes you don't even need the internet, the calculator is built in! But one national site is edhelper.com, which is used and children improve from it. The site provides worksheets and helps to understand where the child is at. In conclusion, I think computers do have a good influence on people. They are fun, keep in touch, and are great for homework. Please consider my reasons.
Dear local paper, From what I understand, computers have a bad effect on people of all ages. In my opinion, being in front of the computer all day causes you to miss out on outdoor activities. Also, if you sit in a chair all day, honestly, what happens to you? You will become less active. I've learned from past experience that if you're interested in computer games, it can be very addicting. Computers have a negative impact on everyone, and I think we should stop and think about what we're doing. If you're in front of a computer all day, chances are you actually do engage in activities like sports. @CAPS2 Example @PERCENT1's Americans play soccer. On a beautiful autumn day, when the leaves change beautifully, you will miss the beat of the football and the leaves because the computer keeps you from taking your eyes off. Another thrilling adventure you @MONTH1 missed is hiking. When you get to the top, the hike is great and you see people in the house like you (potatoes) sitting on computers. Simple activities can be lost due to the addictive gameplay you call it fun. Computers are like a cause-and-effect relationship. You @MONTH1 think you're just playing farm town or chatting on facebook, but in the future you'll miss out on the beauty of nature and movement. Associating @CAPS1 with missing sports because computers make you overweight. A recent study showed that @PERCENT2 children were obese from playing computer games. You @MONTH1 are wondering what to do, but I have a friend named @PERSON1 who used to love playing and exercising outside until the @CAPS2 computer came along. Now he weighs @NUM1 lbs and he's only @NUM2. Honestly, sitting in a chair all day can cause you to be inactive and gain weight. Do you want this to happen to you? Help me tell others how computers can negatively affect others. Ending up playing a game on your computer or chatting with a friend on @ORGANIZATION1 may lead you to use @CAPS2 for example if you talk to your girlfriend in spain who is there @CAPS2 callage I promise you're putting off school, @CAPS3 and Other @CAPS4 needs to be done. In the end, it's going to be @CAPS2 bed time and you're doing nothing because you're trying to get to @NUM3 level or talk to your girlfriend and you're going to get nowhere. If you don't already have an up-to-date scientific research report, @CAPS2 six hours a day per week on your computer can @CAPS5 your vision go from @NUM4 @NUM4 to @NUM6 @NUM6. @MONTH1 looks ok if you keep watching now, but @NUM8 hours looking at a computer will kill your eyes. Would you rather be blind or not use a computer because of or what might happen? All in all, computers are a bad thing, like useful technology that causes you to miss activities like sports. It can also cause being overweight to feel like you're not becoming active. Finally, the computer broke @CAPS2 your eyes and could cause you to have a miscarriage. Help me help myself avoid all these bad effects from computers.
Dear editor, I believe people should have computers because it doesn't take @NUM1 days to send emails. You can learn about distant places. You can also chat with people all over the world. After looking at these details, most people will probably agree. First, it doesn't take @NUM1 days to send an email, you can email someone and it takes five seconds to reach another person. Whereas regular mail takes @NUM1 days to a week to reach another person. It saves the government money when you email someone and then reply to yours. Email is much faster than mall, or as I like to call it snail mail. Another reason is that you will be able to learn about different countries near and far. Can you get to know @LOCATION1 from the living room without a computer. No, you won't. Without a computer, you would be able to learn about earthquakes in Chile. No, you won't. The computer is the modern children's television. Finally you can talk to people on your computer, there are many ways to talk to people like facebook, myspace, imim and video chat, when you can video chat with them you don't have to call someone on @CAPS1 . Computers are good in chaos. You can send emails quickly. You can learn foreign languages in your living room. You can also chat with people online. I think computers are good, what about you.
Dear @CAPS1, do you use your computer for anything other than business? Well, if not, you should give it a try when you're not busy. The effect of computers on people is that it's fun to keep playing and helps with anything, you can find just about anything from clothing websites to maps to store locations. You should agree with me for three reasons that people have the right to choose what they want, it's a little cold to go out and enjoy nature in this weather, and finally they can interact with friends and family online on one website. People have the right to choose what they do because the government can't choose for you because they are busy with other more important things. Also stated in the constitution that when we have the power to think, the government cannot choose for us. In this weather, it's cold outside, plus the nature of @DATE1 and @DATE2 is much better, it's neither hot nor cold, that's when the sun is good and people should enjoy nature. With all the technology in the world today, it's better to take advantage of the technology in this world, and the technology we have is helping people like generators because in the past people didn't have generators. So I hope this letter has changed your mind and thank you for reading it.
Dear newspaper @CAPS1, the point of @CAPS2 is that computers are in use all the time. People use them to chat with friends and family online. People also use computers to complete homework online. The last reason I say is to use a computer just for the fun stuff you can play games. I use my computer to check the performance of the @CAPS2 team. Now move on to the why. Computers are good for society because people use them to talk to friends and family on @CAPS3, @CAPS4 and @CAPS5. It's a good vibe because we all have families. So I think it's a great way to talk to them. This is a great way for friends because if they move, you can talk to them about it. The reason it's bad is because it's not right that someone like an older male can use a computer to do child porn and talk about sex with younger girls. Learn more about using a computer for homework now. Resonant computers are good for us because people can use the computers there to do their homework. That's good because if you need to do something in our history then it's good for you because everything you need is on the computer. Now learn more about how computers can benefit society. @CAPS2 @CAPS8 reson because computers are for fun stuff. Computers can have every game you want they have games for kids, @CAPS2 @NUM1 year old sister continues with games you can match. Teenagers can play games on the computer. Computers are cool to me because I can see the @CAPS2 football team in action. What @CAPS2 @CAPS7 is doing. That's what makes computers so useful. These are @CAPS2's take on this, people use computers all the time to talk to friends and family online. People also use computers to do homework. Finally, @CAPS8 reson because you can use it for fun games for kids. I can check the performance of the @CAPS2 team.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, I strongly suggest that people should spend more time away from computers. Instead, they should do more exercise, do more outdoor activities, and most importantly spend more time with family and friends. I think the best way to get everyone to agree with me is to write an article explaining why I think people should spend more time away from computers. The most important reason people should stop wasting time on the computer is so they can get more exercise. Getting more exercise can help you a lot, because less exercise means less healthy you. More exercise may also help, as your health may prevent you from developing diabetes, and many people develop diabetes based on their body type. The last reason I say more exercise is good for you is that if you exercise more then you don't have to worry about all the ailments and problems of old age. Another way you can spend time instead of being at the computer is by doing outdoor activities. Being outdoors can be very beneficial to you because if you are not used to going out and playing a nice football game with friends, it can be fun for you. I remember one time when I first started going out, I had so much fun. The last reason I say more people should spend time doing more outdoor activities is nature. It's really great for you to take a walk on a beautiful @DATE1 day, feel the breeze and smell all the wonderful smells. The last reason I say you should spend more time away from your computer is so you can spend more time with your family. Spending time with family is more important than playing computer games with friends. I remember one time my cousin and I were at his house and we didn't really know each other, but I spent more time with him and now we know a lot about each other. The last reason I say you should spend more time with your family is because you can learn a lot about your family. So now you know the three reasons I say you can do more than spend time exercising on the computer, doing outdoor activities, and spending time with your family.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1 newspaper, I firmly believe that computers do have positive benefits to society. These technological advancements will only enrich people's lives. One way the computer helps is that students can complete their school assignments online and view their teacher pages. Another benefit of computers is that whenever people need information or details about any place or thing, they can rely on the internet to help them. Most importantly, they are a great source of communication. People rely on computers to schedule and stay in touch with everyone they know. Students are even worse off without computers. When a student forgets their homework, they can go to their teacher's online page to check his homework for the evening. Another thing that students benefit from is online textbooks. If students are unable to take home @NUM1 pounds of books, they can use their textbooks online. Today, the Internet is flooded with a plethora of informational and educational sites. Teachers can also allow students to research projects online and participate in online educational activities. Computers are not only helpful in education, they may be information centers that must be well known. If people want to learn about restaurants, stores or products, they can do it online. Also, many people want to go to their destination but don't know how to get there. The internet provides them with guidance on how to get there quickly and efficiently. An extremely important and useful aspect of the Internet is the ability to buy and order goods online. Before someone decides to do something, they can find all kinds of information about the product and shop around for the lowest price. People can even order groceries to their new home if they are busy! I strongly believe that the Internet is the number one way people communicate with each other. For example, the team manager of my soccer team always emails me the time and place of the next game or practice. Without these emails I rely on, I would be lost and confused. Businesses also rely heavily on the internet to keep in touch with their customers, keeping them in business. The use of web conferencing saves a lot of travel and it enables companies to conduct business around the world. On top of that, people rely heavily on social networking sites to keep in touch with friends, keep up to date with news, and talk to people. Without the internet, maybe half of the world's communications would be disrupted, which is not good. Computers, did not have a positive impact on society. It is very helpful when it can be an educational resource. Also, it is the best database of information known, and probably the most commonly used. Most importantly, the world would be a mess without computers. People know not to spend too much time inside, he always knows when to go out and get some fresh air. Therefore, computers have no negative impact on people, and they remain an essential asset in everyday life.
Dear readers, I understand that some people are concerned that people are spending too much time on the computer, which is bad. I disagree, computers can help family members who live far away stay connected. You can also see pictures of things you don't see everyday. Finally, it can help your school work. I know a family that has a son fighting at @LOCATION1. He had his laptop with him and was asked to video chat with his family. As if he never left. Without it, his family would want to know about him and worry. You don't have to have family members at war to talk to them on your computer. Did you want to see what @LOCATION2 looks like? You don't have to go there to find out. All you have to do is search for it on your computer! If you live in a city that doesn't have much natural beauty, you can use a computer to see what it's like outside. Seeing those attractions @MONTH1 makes you travel and travel with family brings you closer. One study showed that @PERCENT1's families were close among families who were on vacation. A computer is required for school. This is the best research. @PERCENT2 Failing students do not use computers for homework. There are also some websites that can be used to study. A student at my school failed most of his classes. He has never used a computer. If he got into trouble, his friend suggested using one at home, which he tried. He used the computer to help study and prepare for the next day's exam. He ended up getting @PERCENT1 in the test because he used a computer. It doesn't matter whether you use your computer to do your homework, talk to friends and family, or whether it's one of the most important inventions of all time.
Computers are important, and I don't know of anyone who doesn't need a computer. But some say it distracts you from exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. Do I agree? No, I don't agree with this situation, because computers are modern technology that people use. They say it's a distraction from interacting with family and friends, but computers are the #1 way to talk to friends and family at a distance, @CAPS1 how would those who work for businesses work without a computer, in the end we always need one computer research. A computer caught the attention of many teenagers. Most of the websites we use due to interaction with family and friends. The two main sites people use are myspace and facebook everyone must know these two sites 9 out of 10 people use it to interact Imagine if we didn't have a computer we wouldn't be able to interact with friends and family from a distance. My aunt has a facebook, her friends live at @CAPS2 and she's interacting with them all the time, @CAPS1 has a phone, but a cell phone. There are webcams so you can see the person too. Business people of course need a lot of computers, which is why they have laptops. But as I said, what jobs do people do when they don't have a computer? They have your schedule, notifications from your boss, and more information on the weeks and weekends that most people work and where we can visit family. Of course you need a computer for a week and a job salary. Google is the number one search site we have. If you wanted to know when a movie was most likely to start, you would go to a computer and search, and if you had a research paper due, you would of course use a computer. If I were to ask my dad what the square root of his pie is, and we need computers to do everything, he'd tell me to google it. This is one of the main things that thin people do when they use computers for research. So if you! Yes, I said you think a compensation. It's to think again in one breath, because it can help you communicate with your friends. A lot of business people need it for work, and in the end it's a great research engine. But here's a little advice, don't spend it all! ! Pick up your walking shoes in front of the computer one day, breathe in the fresh air of being in front of the computer all day, hang out and enjoy yourself.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3 computers hold exclusive information and I don't believe in a good influence on people. Today, most students surround themselves with computers while taking care of their bodies. Like exercising or just going out. People need to enjoy the wonders of nature and not sit on a computer. Computers don't just affect people, but @MONTH1 also affects family and friends. Using a computer reduces the risk of interaction time. Different websites can expose wrong content and cause you trouble. I am a firm believer in the impact of computers on people. Today at @LOCATION1 we are packed with fat people. @NUM1 of @NUM2 people are unhealthy and most obese people today say they do own a computer. Computers attract people, same @MONTH1 How about sitting in front of a computer for hours at a time, exercising or enjoying the outdoors? When we can get out and enjoy nature, computers damage our bodies by seducing ourselves. I would definitely argue the fact that computers have bad effects on humans. Computers not only changed the body, but also the mind. My sister has a computer in her bedroom and I can barely see her. She's been there all the time and @CAPS2 needs more than five to keep her away from the computer when my mom calls me for dinner. Computers affect humans because they keep humans away from civilization. A person's lack of interaction can affect friends and family. Taking time away from friends to play computer games is disrespectful. This undermines the social health of many people because the more they ignore their family or friends, the more those people stop trying to interact with them. When these computer fanatics show up, they want someone there. Computers can certainly have unhealthy effects on the people who use them. How would you feel if a lot of your personal information was made public. Computers have a great chance these days to do this for you. Sites like @CAPS4, mysapce or twitter have your information, and with the click of a button it can be exposed to the world. Computers have the background to have this effect on people. Some people don't understand what they're doing, and sending out bad messages or pictures can negatively impact your career or education. Computers help people make bad choices, and there is no doubt that people should give up the time they spend on the Internet. Many agree that computers disadvantage many in their own way. Whether it's depriving many people of their health by keeping them indoors, or costing your friends and family, computers are bad for your physical and social health. Computers can send information, and they are risky. They will mainly affect your future and affect everyone in a bad way.
The effect of computers on people is that adults and children get far more attention than they need. The first reason is that most people spend their time on social networks. Others either buy things or play games. Some people who use computers waste too much time being tech-savvy. It's other ways people spend their time, like biking or walking fast. Another solution is that you can start learning skills or get a job in your town. Computers consume and waste people's minds every day. I think it's essential for those who can't get out of the car to seek out fitness and mental health. Once again, spending as much time on the computer as possible can be justified. People who overuse computer access should consider and find other things to do. I think it's a good idea to turn off the computer at times of the day or week. I mean cable/entertainment companies should shut down internet and cable for a week of pure sports. This will allow those lazy people to do something positive. It's also a great motivator for people who use a computer or watch TV a lot. Then if they try it will make everyone healthy. I understand seniors or seniors who need a computer for health assistance. That's understandable, but everyone else shouldn't be exempt. Computers and laptops should be disconnected to allow people to get up and do something helpful or brain building. Every day people are attracted to digitization. Some people in this world are just fed up with it, it needs to die soon. The government should make laws that you must do something in your favor. It should be someone who goes to the state or local town of each house. Another way this can be done is for a person on every street in the state to go door-to-door to make sure the procedure is being done. A lot of people won't like it, and they won't abide by the new law. This should be the punishment for anyone who doesn't follow it. The second option should be to lose internet service. That would make them very angry, and in exchange, they should still exercise. Sometimes tough laws are needed to get someone to change.
Did you know that computers are the number one selling electronic device in the world? I think computers will only make our society smarter and smarter. Computers can also help old friends and family stay in touch. Finnaly I think they are helping society because computers teach great hand-eye coordination. Research shows that @PERCENT1 who grew up on a computer at home have a high paying job! Computers are very smart devices, and if you know how to use a computer, you are likely to have a high-paying career. Also, almost every job, from doctors to police officers to store cashiers, involves computers, and to do these jobs, you must know how to use a computer. This is just one of many reasons why I think computers will benefit our society. Second, I think the price of this technology is good for society because it keeps family, friends and employees connected. Have you ever looked back and wished you could see the lives of your old high school friends or even family members. In faraway places, the @CAPS1 computer is one of the most popular ways to keep in touch with all the new sites like @CAPS2, twitter and even your old email site all over the world. Another way that computers help old friends stay in touch with new cameras in computers, family, friends and staff can actually see each other from different parts of the world. A simple message though one of the sites will make someone happy and even make you happy. Finally, I think computers are good for our society because they teach hand-eye coordination and other life skills. How do you think people shoot so fast, or how do you think baseball players swing at such a perfect time. All of these things revolve around the hand-eye coordination that computers are best learning. People can also save lives through hurricanes, tornadoes, but if they don't know how to use a computer, many people can be injured or killed. These are just three of the many reasons why I think computers are good for our society. So think twice about people's negative comments about computers.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 is a good thing to use a computer. I say this because the web has a lot to do. For example, facebook, twitter and myspace are all social networking sites. There are also some video sites like youtube. Plus @CAPS1 for learning how to type fast. Social networking sites for @CAPS1. Teens have to talk to each other, make new friends, and post what they want. For example, on twitter you can tweet, on facebook you can join groups, become a fan of something or someone, and on myspace you can send messages. TEENS takes a lot of stress off the network. Videos are great when bored. Enter youtube and get a laugh or two. Teens on youtube are becoming more social. For example, teens can learn a new dance. Also, there are comedies on video sites. Comedy helps in everyday life. If you work in an office or trademark, @CAPS2 helps life. Teens learn to type to make life easier. For example @CAPS2 fast is like texting. @CAPS2 is like writing a letter electronically. So go to @CAPS2. OK, so computers do help with teenage life. Basically it's a bit like @CAPS3. Everyone should have a computer. Remember, social networking sites, video sites and @CAPS2 make life better.
Yes, I do think we should continue to use computers because it helps us keep in touch with the rest of the world, creates balance, and makes life easier. First, computers help us stay connected with the rest of the world. Without computers, we wouldn't be able to @CAPS1 or evan send video messages about important events to other countries. Second, we have to balance computers, exercising, and interacting with just sitting on the computer, but computers can help us interact with family and friends via email or video chat, and it can also help you stay connected. Finally using a computer makes life easier like writing @CAPS1 instead of writing a letter and it's easier to instant message someone and then call them Also for school projects You can make yours by adding pictures and different Items look better with fonts that are just handwritten. That's why arents are not a waste of time, because they help us keep in touch with other countries, they create balance and make life easier.
Dear @LOCATION1, a computer is a necessity of life. Not only do they benefit the community, but the world as a whole! They provide education to anyone with access to the internet. Second, it is a form of communication. Also, computers can be fun and interesting. As you know, education is one of the most important things in everyone's life. Where would we be without computers to help? Think about how many times you've used @ORGANIZATION2 or @CAPS1 to search for something you don't know the answer to. A lot, right? Whenever I have a random question in my head, I do research. Imagine how hard it would be without a computer to fall back on when you don't know how to answer something. Another thing is that there are now online courses for students. Some college students have to look up their assignments and how to complete them on their professor's webpage. Also, if they can't view the @PERSON1 homepage, how will the world's students know what their assignments are? I check it almost every day when I get home from school. It's great that teachers care enough about posting homework. Without computers, we would have a higher percentage of students not doing homework. Every @NUM1 of @NUM2 people in @LOCATION2 has some form of online communication program. Whether it's @ORGANIZATION3 @CAPS2 or @CAPS3, maybe even youtube, or just a simple email, pretty much everyone has one. How should you chat with your friends after school? What do you want us to call them? Then wwwe will call for hours! Anyone with teenagers at home knows it. In addition, computers can help deaf people speak. They just type in what they want to say, and they're out. I remember a woman who came to our school, she was blind and deaf, and she demonstrated how to use this special program. Another reason is that teachers and parents use email to talk about academics and their children. Obviously, communication is a must. Therefore, computers are beneficial to society. There's no way someone over @NUM3 has never played a computer game at some point in their life. Unless, of course, they don't have access to the internet. I know I used to play computer games but they started slowing down my computer so my dad told me I had to stop or I couldn't use the computer anymore. Oops! Still, you can use your computer to find cheats for video games. Oh come on like you didn't do that! Or at least your kids have. Additionally, you can use specific programs like @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS4 or @CAPS5 @CAPS6 to create a project or presentation cover for your business. In other words, computers are enjoyable. As you can see, computers are very educational. They offer a search engine to find out anything you want to know. For example, foreign places or movies. anything. Also, we don't have much interaction with people. How do we email friends in @LOCATION3 without a computer? Finally, you can have fun in your computer. They are beneficial.
Dear local paper, I don't know if I understand correctly, but are you really thinking about not advancing technology? A quick reconsideration, because @MONTH1 is the worst mistake you can make, computers can do hand-eye coordination, and they can also give you very useful knowledge. Finally, computers help us maintain close relationships with family and friends. First of all, about @PERCENT1 said they use the computer every day to increase their knowledge. This can be as simple as @ORGANIZATION1! and discover the latest news. It's ten times easier than waiting on @CAPS1 for a message you want details. I took a survey where @NUM1 students said they used their computer every night so they could read more in their social studies or science unit, @CAPS2 computer progress is like @CAPS2 learning progress, now this Is that what you want? Secondly, @PERSON1, the children's doctor said, "Computers give children the hand-eye coordination they need to develop during exercise" I agree! Sports like baseball, soccer, and basketball all require a lot of hand-eye coordination. Without hand-eye coordination, students do not do well and eventually drop out. I know that if I have trouble with sports for a long time, I will give up! If teens give up sports, then they have nothing to keep them healthy! This will lead to obesity in hundreds of children. Finally, @CAPS2's progress away from the computer shows that you are the way @CAPS2 is away from family and friends. Computers offer many websites such as facebook or myspace o to connect with loved ones. You can also continue to @CAPS3 or sype chat or video chat with them. Yes, maybe the computer is when @CAPS2 leaves with family, but what about @CAPS4 or @CAPS5 in @LOCATION1 over a year? Don't you want some time too? You can set time limits for yourself so that you don't spend all your time on the computer. So you can take all your loved ones to the person you want to smash in the ocean of a kid who wants to talk/see his grandparents? Anyway, I remember me and my friends laughing on the computer when @CAPS6 was sick so @CAPS7 could cheer me up. Don't take it away from me! Keep improving the computer so I can improve my knowledge, improve my hand-eye coordination, and be able to meet my friends and family from far away.
Dear local paper, there is so much technology! Computers have negative effects on people. First, our country needs to exercise more, not just sit still, and second, we're not spending enough time protecting our environment. Third, we are losing our ability to communicate with those around us. Our country has a problem of being overweight. Most people blame it on fast food, but it's also because people sit and use computers without thinking about staying in proper shape. Before computers were made, people were healthier, we needed to help our country get back to health, take our attention away from computers, and even if it was just for a short time, we needed to exercise! The next reason is that computers not only have an impact on people, but also on our environment. We spend so much time indoors using technology that we don't even care about the world around us. Before a lot of technology, people used to grow gardens and trees, but now we hardly think about it. All the electronics these days make people forget about nature, and that needs to change. The final reason for the negative impact of computers is that people no longer communicate with those around them. If we communicate so much with people through technology, we lose the ability to speak and communicate in person, it destroys relationships and connections between people, like family and friends, so we need to start caring about those around us , rather than forever relying on technology. In conclusion, you can see the negative effects of computers on people. We need to exercise more. Also, we need to help our environment. Finally, we need to communicate better with friends and family. Instead of getting rid of the computer, we should just walk away and care about the world around you.
More and more people are using computers every day, but I don't agree that this is good for our society. People are spending too much time on the computer and less and less time for exercise and health. In addition, computer users spend less time with family and friends. As people use computers more and more, they spend less and less time exercising and staying healthy. A study by Professor @PERSON1 showed that people who use a computer for more than @NUM1 hours a day are overweight and don't exercise regularly. He went on to say that if these habits continued throughout their lives, they would become obese and more likely to die of a heart attack before @NUM2. My community health has also changed because of the computer, last year I had a friend who weighed @NUM3 lbs and worked out regularly, but when he got a computer the next year he stopped exercising and played games over @NUM4 lbs, he Much better now. Slower and can't do more push-ups. I disagree that computers are benefiting our society because as people use computers more, they exercise less, causing them to become unhealthy. Computers not only reduce unhealthy lifestyles, but also lead to less time with family and friends. Research shows that @PERCENT1 kids think our computers spend less time with their family and more time on the computer. This @MONTH1 may not seem like a thing, but this research also shows that @PERCENT2 kids who spend less time with their families grow up lonely and suicidal due to depression. I remember when we had a new arrival at our school, he wasn't that kid and didn't have a lot of friends, he was still playing, but when he came back the next year, I found out that he was with one of his friends at the end of school and His parents kept in touch. So far the week from the rest of the students hasn't been much. Then we got back @DATE1, he wasn't at school, he didn't show up for the following week, and finally at @DATE2, the teacher told us he ran away, but still hasn't been found. As a result, computer users are spending less time with family and friends, which can lead to depression and loneliness. More and more people are using computers every day, but I don't agree that this is good for our society. People are spending a lot on computers and less time exercising and staying healthy. In addition, computer users spend less time with family and friends. I know that the more people who use computers, the worse it is for our society, not better.
Dear @PERSON1 @LOCATION1 Citizen Editor, @CAPS1 has drawn my attention from some people around @LOCATION1 who think computers and technology are bad for us. I've also heard people believe in technology. So, the reason I am writing this question today is to express my beliefs. I believe this new technology is impacting our daily exercise, playing outdoors, enjoying nature, and interacting with friends and family. Now with new technologies like computers, people are distracted and don't want to exercise. This affects our youth as we remain obese, unhealthy and dull. @PERSON1 we don't want this to happen to our young people because we are the future and if this continues the state and the country will suffer. Another reason is that exercising instead of being on the computer all the time or watching @CAPS2 is good because @CAPS1 has been shown to have more energy and feel happier most of the time. Computers don't do this for us at all. One poll even suggested that @PERCENT1 people get headaches and tiredness after using a computer. Sports simply don't do that. With @CAPS2 and other dumb people to get a feel for all our new technology, people really don't go out and play and enjoy nature anymore. I was asking my mom about this and she said, "@CAPS4 don't go out anymore these days. I remember when I was your age my mom would kick me out at NUM1AM and I won't be back until Got home around NUM2 pm." I believe this should still happen. Maybe parents should still do this with their @CAPS4 and have them running around with other @CAPS4's. If we do it more out of tune, maybe @CAPS4 and adults too. Will do this naturally, without having to rely on a computer or @CAPS5 for fun. Don't you think this is a good idea @PERSON1? My last topic is about computers and phones and how we really stop interacting with friends and family. Now a day, friends aim at each other, video chat or text each other instead of doing something with them. This is not healthy for us because we may not know how to talk to people in real life. There are also people targeting or texting you and you don't really know what their tone is because you haven't spoken to them face to face. Finally, I know families hurt by technology because that's all they do. They didn't put down their emails, they felt like they didn't see each other. Nor is it a healthy relationship with family members. @PERSON1 I really hope I've convinced you that technology can only be used sometime, not a day. Remember, technology is bad because we don't exercise, play outdoors, enjoy nature, or interact with friends and family. thank you for your time.
My dear, I think that computers have greatly benefited society and promoted technological progress. They provide knowledge with a click and entertainment after a long day at work or school. Not only that, but people also found long-term careers because of the invention of the computer. It is clear that computers have a great impact on society. Do you want to know when professional baseball started? Or maybe you have a history report due the next day and your parents can '@CAPS3 drive you to the library? This is no longer a '@CAPS3 issue. Computers have evolved a long time since @NUM1 invented them. You can check local news with @NUM2 electronic newspapers at your fingertips. Or maybe you want to venture around the neighborhood and see what's happening with @LOCATION2 or @LOCATION1. News isn't the only useful thing about the '@CAPS3 Internet, though. You can also visit one of @DATE1's websites for school help, or to see how the stock market is doing. Alternatively, you can use the handy calculator on your desktop. What's better? Of course, not all users have computers to access information. Many people use it for entertainment purposes. In fact, the people at @PERCENT1 use their computers every day for entertainment. What, with all the fun stuff you can do, who can blame them? Social networks are at the top of the list. Internet users up to @PERCENT2 use sites like @CAPS1 or @CAPS2. These sites are great for meeting friends you haven't seen in years or continuing a conversation @NUM3 minutes ago. You can also use your computer to watch live @CAPS3.V, or the new @CAPS4 you got yesterday. That's right, @CAPS3.V may not be needed any time soon! What would a computer be without gaming? There are @NUM2 @DATE1 scattered across the network. How awesome is that? In the end, many people found their careers through the Internet. You know @PERSON1, @NUM5, found through your tube when his mom posted a video to the family to see when they can't' @CAPS3 on the show? Of course, you '@CAPS3 is the only way to make money. There are tons of jobs listed by employers just for the curious to find them. No more wondering about city streets, now you can just submit an application or conduct an interview without leaving yours. Artists also discovered talent by playing @CAPS6 or @CAPS7. Not to mention career paths that directly involve computers, such as repairs or special effects for movies. So whatever you do with your computer, whether it's job hunting, entertainment, or information, it's a good idea to keep them at home. @PERCENT3 of @CAPS8 had an era using them and it wasn't just an excuse to be around all day.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 I would like to say that I love your stories and the puzzles in your paper, I think I have a story you can use. This is about people who are addicted to computers. I guess you guys want to know what I mean by being addicted to a computer. Well, I'm going to give you three reasons. My @CAPS1 reason is that people don't spend a lot of time with their families. I say this because most of the time couples fight because the person addicted to the internet doesn't want what he/she should do. For example, say you have a turkey in your oven and a turkey in your computer, you forget everything until the fire alarm goes off. Another reason people get addicted to computers is all the online chat rooms they have. I know people who are addicted to online chat rooms and I sometimes worry about them because half the time they don't know who they're talking to! It can be anyone, even a pedafile. My last reason is because some people just don't care. Some people may be on the computer all day, doing nothing but chatting online, while they can work on an article or something that helps or cares. You know I myself used to be addicted to computers so I failed almost all of my classes so I don't use the computer to talk or anything like that, but now I just read my emails or write my papers. That's my conclusion, or should I say your next headline.
lie! The computers we use in society do not harm us in any way! They are a giant step forward for humanity and will only benefit our lives. They benefit us a lot for the following reasons: computers are a source of knowledge, computers help with advertising and business in many workplaces, and they are a very useful and easy way to communicate with people across the street or across the ocean. Computers without dabt will only benefit people in our society. First, computers are a great source of knowledge. A lot of people @MONTH1 wanted an answer to a question they had recently, but couldn't find the answer in a book or newspaper, so they turned to a computer and solved their problem right away. Today's computers hold every bit of information on every conceivable topic, from history to politics. Just find a site like @ORGANIZATION1, enter a question there, and millions of answers will pop up to make sure it's fixed. Computers can also provide a venue for research projects or economic statistics if needed in a school, business, or just for fun. Times are changing rapidly, and sources of world history and school subjects are easily found in the corners of the internet. What you @MONTH1 is looking for in books and papers can be easily found on the internet with the click of a button. Clearly, computers are a huge source of knowledge in our society. Second, computers and the Internet support many advertising and profitable businesses. Every time you visit the internet, many different businesses are able to advertise their products and overall business through pop-ups, sidebars, and websites. It obviously helps the workplace get noticed. Aside from advertising products, businesses can even sell their products online without doing anything. It can also help consumers because they don't have to drive all the way to the store to get what they need. All they need to do is select the item they want to buy and wait a few days for it to arrive. Clearly, computers and the Internet can help support the welfare of businesses. Finally, the computers we use today are a huge and simple means of communication. Connect with people from other streets, towns, states, countries by using social networking sites like @CAPS1, @CAPS2, @CAPS3. You can send a letter at the touch of a button without having to go to the post office to wait for a reply. It is also possible to implement instant messaging that can be used on any of the sites mentioned. Here you can write something down in your computer, send it to anyone, and get a reply within seconds. Obviously, computers play an important role in communicating with each other without problems. In conclusion, it is clear that computers have greatly benefited society without any side effects. Computers are a great source of knowledge, a business aid, and a great way to communicate. Everyone agreed to this without hesitation, so you should too. Computers are the best thing that has ever happened to society today.
Dear local paper, @PERCENT1 of @CAPS1 has his own computer. This shows that if most people own computers, they must have a positive impact on people. I believe that computers really have a positive impact on people because it enables you to talk to other people online, learn new things, and give you hand-eye coordination. I believe the number one reason computers have a positive impact on people is because it enables you to talk to other people online. Some people don't have cell phones but have computers. If you need to contact someone, you can do it using a computer. Still others have family and friends who live around the world. A computer is great for staying connected, and it doesn't cost you as much as a phone. Because computers enable you to talk to friends, family, and others, it's a positive thing because it's important to do so. The second reason I believe computers have a positive impact on people is because it gives you the ability to learn new things. Using computers to learn new things has a positive effect on people because you don't have to travel and go to other places to get information to learn about things. You can do it with the click of a button. People can use computers to learn about anything or everything. Being able to gather information about new things without having to leave home has a positive effect on people because now more people will be able to learn more because they have more time than travel to get information. This has a positive effect on people because the more you know, the better. Having a lot of knowledge is a good thing and will do you good things in the future. The third reason I believe computers have a positive impact on people is because it teaches people about hand-eye coordination. Hand-eye coordination can have a positive effect on people because you need it throughout your life. If you don't have good hand-eye coordination, that's a bad thing, because you use it in almost everything, like driving, writing, and exercising. Computers enable you to learn eye and hand coordination throughout your life, which is why it is such an important thing for people. I believe that computers have a positive impact on people because it allows you to converse with people online, learn new things and teach you hand-eye coordination. I hope this letter convinces you that computers do have a positive effect on people.
Can you imagine how hard life would be without a computer? I can trust computers to be helpful. Computers help us with our research, they keep us connected with friends and family, and they are needed in some @CAPS1. The Internet is an easy way to do research. All you have to do is search for the information you want and millions of articles are available at the click of a mouse. Using the internet on a computer is much easier than flipping through books to find something. That can waste a lot of time. The Internet can answer your questions quickly and directly. A computer is a great way to stay connected. Almost everyone has email these days. All you have to do is type a few letters and you'll reconnect with an old friend. When you call someone, you can't tell if they are busy. When using email, the recipient of the email can reply at their free time. A lot of @CAPS1 use computers. Sometimes you even need to use it. Computers organize data by keeping documents in different files. Computers also have valuable programs that can help with your career. Such as @ORGANIZATION1 word. Using a computer will help you financially. Some of you may think that computers are misleading. The internet is not always an honest place. By taking a few minutes to scrutinize your information on other sites, you still spend less time than it takes to find the facts in a book. The computer is one of the greatest inventions. It makes researching, connecting with friends, your @CAPS3 easy! Your life will be better with computer @DATE1.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, In my opinion, spending too much time online has a negative impact on society. When people talk on email, Facebook and Twitter, they don't get the full social experience. Time spent on these sites can be spent in other areas, such as family, friends, and school. They cannot enjoy the outdoors and cannot exercise. While online activity can be helpful, spending too much time can be detrimental. For those with friends and family living far away, interacting online can be a great experience. But spending too much time online can hurt your social activity level. Face-to-face interactions are better than online interactions because you can see how the person you're talking to reacts to everything you say. Having a good, positive social environment is good for you and your friends. Spending too much time on the computer can also damage your social relationships with your family. For families who live far away, the Internet is the only way to socialize, and online interaction is a great thing. But with your close family, you may miss their lives and their lives. Your relationship with your family could be in jeopardy because of your insistence on using your computer. When you use your computer, you probably also eat some food. Spending time online will take away your time exercising those calories. Obesity levels are increasing in @LOCATION1, likely due to overuse of computers. Going out is another thing that is missing in our lives because we don't have the computer to experience the beautiful natural life that @ORGANIZATION1 has to offer In conclusion, going online too often is abusing our social, health, and taking up too much of our lives. Using the internet is good for adults so they can pay taxes, work from home, and do many other good things for them and their families. But for other less useful sites, they are used for interaction. Why not just call or meet instead of using a computer?
Dear local paper, I disagree with the impact of computers on children. Computers allow kids to do what they want, and they don't have to travel far to see something. Like if you want to see @CAPS1 from @LOCATION1, you don't just have to fly there when you can get photos and info on your computer in minutes. It's fine if you want to see it in person, but you don't want to pay for a plane ticket or travel far when you can see it at home. There's a lot of fun stuff on the computer, like myspace, @CAPS2, and games, and it has pretty much everything you can think of. So why travel when you can see everything on your computer. I think computers can be addicting at times, but you have to learn to stay away from it for the Computers are used by billions of people, and they are a great way to understand the world and the things on it. It has informational sites like Google or Bing to find whatever you want to find. Computers are almost ubiquitous in mobile phones, I-pods, and some are even placed in cars like police cars. Computers are very useful to the people of the world @DATE1 I bet the people who make them make new computers that can handle almost everything. They have computers in just about every building in hospitals, fire stations, police stations, and electronics stores like Radioshack. You learn a lot more on a computer than traveling and/or school. In my opinion, we should all have computers because it's fun there and you can learn about everything you can think of, so we should all have them. So I think computers are very useful and can teach you a lot about what's going on in the world today, so I don't agree with what scientists or people think about computers and how it affects some @DATE1.
Dear local paper, the thing about @CAPS1 standing on this hole computer is that it is becoming a big problem as people spend all their time with books instead of hanging out with friends and family, exercising or enjoying nature. Like the expert tinker siad in his book called @CAPS2 by computer, "Spending a lot of time on the computer, not spending a lot of time outside, can make you very weak." @CAPS3 @ CAPS4 Why people should go out more is @CAPS5 They can enjoy coumite shion with friends and family. I bet you didn't know @PERCENT1 of the kids from @NUM1 to @NUM2 were sitting on their cows or playing games like us. Another @CAPS4 is that people need more exercise. More country-leading @NUM3 would be a beast as there is little movement, mostly because of the computer. Finally @CAPS4, and most importantly, is @CAPS5 people can enjoy nature to the fullest, blivie or not, but Jack Cup also thinks @CAPS5 he said 'how people in @PERCENT2 will enjoy nature in @NUM4 years, and People probably won't have a heart right now @NUM5'' @CAPS5 That's why I don't think computers are for people, but not just me, but @PERSON1, jackups @CAPS6, sisintsits, and many percents.
Didn't you say having a computer at home would help? It provides useful information for everyone. It can be used for personal use, such as talking with friends. If there are kids at home, they may have to search the internet for something to get to school. If you need directions to a place, or you want to know more about a particular person, a computer can help you. If your kids like to increase their phone bills because they like to talk to friends, tell them to use the computer! These are many ways to communicate through a computer, such as @CAPS1, @CAPS2, @CAPS3, @CAPS4, @CAPS5, @CAPS6, and even email! If you need to quickly plan a movie with a few friends, just email or message them on @CAPS2. Now, @CAPS1, you can text people right from your computer! If you're concerned that someone might not get their email in time, just enter their mobile number and a text message on @CAPS1. It's also free! Now that our world has become more technologically advanced, schools often tend to tell students to look up something on their computer, or do their homework posted on their web pages. If the child doesn't have a computer at home, this will. Make it difficult for them to do their homework. Also, if an executive decides to start a business by owning a computer, he needs to boost profits and talk to customers. Computers can also create logos for businesses or business cards. Need directions to the restaurant? Or maybe the local gym? Computers can help you find your route to almost @CAPS10's plan on Earth. @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS11 is a reliable site for getting directions. You can also get to know specific people if you enter their name in @ORGANIZATION1. If you need someone's phone number but don't have a phone book, you can use the @CAPS12 page to help you. So, now I hope you can see computers impacting people in a positive way. They can help you keep in touch with friends and save you money. They can help students learn more and may help you start your own business from home. If you need directions or help finding a phone number, a computer can help in a number of ways. Having a computer gives you a sense of everything.
@ORGANIZATION1, my name is @PERSON1, I just want to tell you that we should stop using the computer because we don't exercise, we hardly go out, we don't even talk to our friends or family anymore. Local paper I think we should have computers, but not because a lot of people don't do anything. Many people don't exercise because they are on Facebook or playing games. Many kids didn't even go out to see nature and play. Many families are using computers and they don't spend any family time flying kites together. What I'm saying is, yes, people love computers, go there to chat with friends, play games, but it's going to ruin parents and even families. I don't think there are computers. And the local paper we need to go to, @DATE1 and go won't happen. Many kids go to their computer. Many parents go hiking, camping, swimming and many other things, but they don't anymore. These people need to change. I'm talking about you taking the computer away, or. The last thing in the local paper is that many kids, kids and parents need more time. Maybe if parents aren't all of them, they'll choose someone who might be sick or sick. Maybe they might go somewhere and have two like a lake or six flags. Many parents think they get the computer because it's fun so they do. There are a lot of people in the world complaining about it. So I think everyone should get off the computer. I don't think we should have a computer society because you don't exercise, you hardly go out and see nature, you hang out or talk with friends and family, so I think computers are gone now.
Computers are good for school use, skills and entertainment. Computers are a great resource, right now that's just my opinion. However, I think computers are mainly for teens and teens. Adults mostly use them for business. Interesting uses provided by computers are @CAPS1, @CAPS2, @CAPS3, etc. @CAPS1 is one of the most popular chat groups on the internet, @CAPS2 is another popular chat group. They all share some of the same characteristics like chatting with your friends, updating your status from time to time, uploading pictures, songs, etc. Some sites are available in your spare time, such as music sites that allow you to watch music videos or download music to your ipod. @CAPS3 is a site where teens keep watching their favorite music videos. Itunes is a program where you can download any song, music video, TV show or movie to your iPod. The computer also provides microsoft@CAPS5, publicher, powerpoint, etc. All of these can be used for school purposes. @CAPS5 allows you to enter anything you want to go to school. You can enter @NUM1 pages of articles if you wish. You can cut and paste pictures for your projects that may be due. You can change the color, font size and font style on @CAPS5. This use can be used for the design of a thesis or project cover page. Publisher can also be used for projects. At school you need to make newspapers, flyers, business cards, etc. the publisher allows you to make them. Powerpoint is a program where you can make different slides. Computers are great for many different things. If people don't agree with this, then they don't understand that computers can help children and adults with everyday tasks. Some children with special needs @MONTH1 need a computer to communicate with others. I think computers are a big help in the world.
Dear @CAPS1, I believe that computers have a very positive effect on people. Now with the continuous advancement of technology, there are many educational options online, you can now interact with people without having to interact with them in person, and you can play games to enrich your life. First, I believe that computers offer a wide range of educational options. On the Internet alone, you can view your school textbooks. You can also use the many resources that come with the online textbook for extra practice. You can view the textbook online without having to take it home in person. There are tons of extra exercises and practice quizzes in the online textbook, perfect for learning. Plus, you can get real-time updates on major events in the world as you see them on the internet. For example, the other day I logged on to the internet and saw an article about earthquakes at @LOCATION1. I haven't seen anything in the newspapers, but the internet is so up-to-date that you can keep track of what happened minutes ago. However, if you choose not to use the internet, there are many programs that are very helpful for learning. This goes directly to developing your child's math and reading skills. These programs can give anyone a jump start in education. Another opportunity for computers to be useful is the ability to interact with other people. Video chat, @CAPS2 and using social @CAPS3 sites are great ways to interact with people. When you video chat, you can have a video conversation with some of the people in the class! Even most of them don't physically talk to you. Instant messaging is less direct, but still useful for talking to people far away. You can share news or have a conversation with anyone you know. Finally, social @CAPS3 sites like facebook and twitter are a valuable way to communicate with people. You can leave messages, play games, or simply chat with someone on these sites. They certainly take the best parts of online interactions and put them together. Finally, there are a lot of very useful online games. If you've ever wanted to bowl but never had the time to play online. Or, if you've ever wanted to drive a normal car, you can play the game online. These online games are a great way to give you the chance to do things you wouldn't normally do. Many games also help improve your reflexes and quick thinking skills. These can affect situations where you need good reactions and quick thinking. Games can be very useful when you need something for yourself. Online games are also suitable and enjoyable. Overall, I believe that computers are a valuable resource for advertising, interacting with others, and playing useful games. After all, who could pass up the opportunity to better prepare for life?
Do you love technology? More and more people in this world are using so many technologies, especially computers. But not everyone agrees that this is good for society. But I would. Because it can glue people's ability to learn anything they want to learn. It can then provide better communication for others who are farther away from you. My last reason is that this technology can be a great way to protect this country. Now I agree that computers can be useful man-made resources. When I was about @NUM1, I loved playing on my computer, I thought it was just a game. But my dad told me not to abuse the computer and use it for education. I found that at the click of a button, there was a lot to teach. Now you can use this technology as a tool instead of a game. You might not want to go to the library to find a book, you can look it up on your computer. People love to talk to other people, to eat new friends, or just to communicate with people who live in another country. One of the best ways is on a computer. I am @NUM2 years old and I have a lot of friends chatting on the computer and I am one of them. My family lives in @LOCATION1 and I just can't make the daily flight to visit them. So I just go to the computer and talk to them, which is one of the fastest and funniest ways. @ORGANIZATION1 has one of the strongest @ORGANIZATION2 and @ORGANIZATION3 in the world. You won't believe the technologies they have and how they use them. One of the best things they have is "@PERSON1". @CAPS1 An aircraft piloted by a remote control. It's like a fighter jet, but without a pilot! Whoever controls it can relax because @PERSON1 did all the work, now come join me in saying that computers are useful in this world! For the above reasons, I state that computers are useful because they enable people to know anything they want. It provides a way to communicate. Finally @CAPS1 is a great way to protect this country. Technology is advancing faster and faster and more powerfully. So take my word "don't abuse it, use it".
Who @MONTH1 is following: I think computers have a huge impact on people. A computer is great for homework, it allows you to keep in touch with your family out of state, and you can get directions and information about a place. Computers are for last minute situations. Computers are great for homework because it looks more professional as you type your report. You can also research your project at the same time as you type your report. In some cases, someone writes so sloppily on a painting that he or she can't read his or her work, and neither can the teacher. A sloppy writer can use a computer to keep his or her paper organized. If the child or parent cannot go to the library for some reason, they can use the computer at home. If you're a busy parent at home with kids and need to work; there's no need to go anywhere to stay home and use your computer. If your child is absent from school, you can visit the school's website and look for assignments. Do you have an out-of-state family you want to talk to? If so, wouldn't you want to talk to them without expensive phone bills? Most people would say yes. Using a computer to keep in touch with your family is not expensive at all! Some examples are Target, email, and other networks that simply don't throw money for free. One day you have nothing to do, don't you just want to go somewhere to play? Don't you want to do something just to get out of the house? Well, if there's a last-minute decision or situation, the computers out there can help. Before you go anywhere, you want to know more about computers. Not only can you get information about the place, but you can also get directions. Now you can go somewhere instead of staying at home and being bored. In conclusion, computers do have a great impact on people. It is useful for both adults and children. Teachers can calculate student grade point averages more easily and quickly, and children can complete homework efficiently. You can also keep in touch with friends. The overall computer is useful.
Isn't it nice when you're outside? Wouldn't you experience the urge to jump into @LOCATION1's waves instead of sitting inside and staring at @LOCATION1's photos? You might think that computers are helping today's society, but you'd be wrong. Humans have survived without computers for hundreds of years, and we can survive for hundreds more. Computers are helping society become increasingly lazy. We can get just as much information out of books if we do our best. Hand-eye coordination is important and we can acquire it through activities like football and tennis. We can also get it from the event! Drawing, reading and even playing an instrument can improve hand-eye coordination while allowing you to explore your creativity. Some people think a computer can teach hand-eye coordination, and it can, but there are better ways to get it. Getting it from the computer takes longer than getting it from the activity. Many people like to travel around the world, but it is not smart at all to go to a foreign region without knowledge. So what would you do? Go to the most convenient source, the Internet. But what if I told you that anyone can put anything on the Internet? When you think you're getting information about @LOCATION2, you're probably getting information about @LOCATION3. The most reliable source is a book. Reading is very powerful, especially if you read from a good source. Kids have been making a living on the internet lately. The only way they communicate is through online chat. Online chat can/should not replace face-to-face time with friends. Relationships with others online are never real. We are using our knowledge about how to communicate with others. Internet is not worth it. So you can see that the computer is not good. thank you.
Dear @CAPS1 post, computers are an advance in technology, in a good way. They do benefit society. It's a way for family members to stay connected, it makes your life easier to book and keep flights, and they help kids with school. They can bring people together. First, they're a great way to stay connected. In my own experience, I have a brother in college and I can always email him or video chat with him when I miss him or need to talk to him. Do you have anyone you don't see every day? It can really bring your family closer because you talk more with your real-life people and friends. Friends grow and walk away, but you can chat anytime you need them. In times of pain, all you want is a friend. A computer may have also helped us when friends left, just getting there. Booking plans without a computer can be a hassle, waiting hours on the phone, and in the end, with a computer you can do everything in about five minutes. I had an experience when my plane was cancelled and I didn't know it until she turned on the computer to check. So she just changed flights and we took off, but you can imagine going to the next day to find out that your flight was canceled and then wanting to fly all day but probably not. You can use a computer to check every hour if you want. It can even say if there is a delay so you won't be waiting five hours at the airport. It's a question of hesitation when it comes to travel computers. Have you ever had such an experience? the most possible. Yes, once you're happy you have a computer. On the other hand, it also helps with your education. When the class is over and your teacher is busy writing out the assignments, hardly anyone has a list of everything they want to do. When I got home that night, about nine or ten kids didn't know the task. I know that happened to me. As an eighth grader, you might just forget everything and only care about the things you care about. You can use your computer. Most schools use some or equipment, and at @CAPS2, all he has is teacher positions, grades, upcoming tests/quizzes, and homework. Everything we need is just one click away. All is well, together. Most @CAPS3 kuchers would be happier if their kids came, with homework and then not. can not you do it? Everything from school fundraisers to lunch menus. In conclusion, computers can really help us in our daily use. to special use. It helps make families stronger, helps us keep running away, helps us do our homework so we can go to school the next day. Computers have helped society in a great and convenient way.
One night, I walked into the living room and saw my mom on the computer. I thought to myself "she's always on that computer, doesn't she work?". I said to my mom, "I think we should use a computer for an hour or two a night, or no computer at all." I told her I thought a computer was a bad choice because you don't know who's on the internet and trying to communicate with you talk. Also, it gets in the way of exercising and spending time with family and friends. The internet/computer is very dangerous right now. You never know if someone is a friend or a predator trying to catch you. Say you're talking to someone and you think that's your friend, you're not sure if it was then. I could be an older man or woman trying to catch you so they might kidnap you. Stealing from you, worse. Now I watch the news and see a lot of kidnappings because kids talk to people on the internet and don't know who they are or what they look like. Like, when a girl talks to a guy she thinks it's her friend, it turns out it's not and she's in a lot of trouble. Maybe if she ever met him, she would be hurt a lot and fear that memory for the rest of her life. Family is very important to most families today. I've heard that spending time with your family improves your grades in school because you learn new things when you talk to them. Sadly, that didn't happen because people were so isolated from their computers that they didn't spend a minute with family or friends. I have a friend who is always on the computer. She never spends time with family or friends. She's so focused on the computer screen and then what's going on around her. Recently, she has started to stay away from the computer and spend more time with her family and friends. Even her grades are starting to go up as she spends more time studying with her parents and then goes on to study...like @CAPS1 or myspace and doesn't get any work done for the school. In other words, her life is happy now, changed from what she's been through. Most people think you can use your brain to acquire knowledge, call it exercise. It's an expression, but it doesn't fit your body. People spend more time staring at computer screens than hanging out or going to the gym. Obesity rates are increasing in our country for many reasons, and lack of exercise is one of them, as people spend a lot of time watching TV and playing on the computer. I have a little cousin who is overweight and should go out and exercise. But isn't she, "no"...she spends her free time playing on the computer in a stuffy room instead of getting some fresh air from outside. She kept asking how I got it, how old I was, and I kept telling her that I exercise and exercise, so I can't tell you when. I tell her that all the time, but she never listens. She's still the same to this day because she didn't take my advice to go out and play on the computer. I strongly agree that we should only have two hours of computers per night, or no computers at all. For kids, stay away from the bad guys in the world, spend time with family and friends, and finally exercise and stay fit. I want people to understand what I say and take action to convince them in their own life and convince others.
Dear @CAPS1 or @ORGANIZATION2, local @CAPS2 @CAPS1 or @ORGANIZATION2 local @CAPS4 paper editors. I am writing a letter to tell you about the impact of computers on people in society. I think computers help society learn and help people talk to other people around the world. Computers help societies learn about remote parts of the world, learn about a region's history, and study animals and habits that are inaccessible through travel. Computers make it easier for @CAPS14 to understand hard-to-research areas like @PERSON1 in @LOCATION1 and the cliffs of @CAPS5, @CAPS6 to understand the history of a region or city in ancient @CAPS7 like @ORGANIZATION1 in @LOCATION2 cap5 . Help with research on animal species and their homing habits like @CAPS9 @CAPS10 or hasin in @CAPS9 or species called @CAPS12 @CAPS13. Computers help society understand all of this. Computers also help people talk to other people around the world, just like you can put confetti on your computer when you're at home, @CAPS14 it's easier to talk and ask questions when you're on vacation, and you don't have to pay for travel to A place to confess with others. When you can't plead guilty to @CAPS14, you can do it on your computer at home. @CAPS14 Easier to talk and ask questions about what matters to your business. You can talk to other people on your computer without paying to travel there. This is how computers help people talk to other people around the world. This is how computers help society learn and talk to other people around the world. Editor of the local newspaper @CAPS1 or @ORGANIZATION2.
Dear Newspaper, People use computers in their daily life and owning a computer has become a habit for many at @LOCATION1. We use computers for research, writing papers, or purely for fun, and in all of these ways, computers are very useful. But, like all good things, too much computer time can be harmful. Sure, they provide our lives with knowledge, information about the outside world, and connections with people from anywhere, but some of us have become too dependent on this virtual life instead of living our own real life. This happens to a lot of people, some people don't even notice what the computer is doing to them. For most people @MONTH1 life is challenging and the real world is stressful so they retire in front of the computer for a while, which is fine for me, but when someone keeps doing it, it becomes an addiction. Instead of taking a walk or reading to relax, they go to the computer, which is not good for their social life or their minds. It seems to me that minds need to think, they need to be exercised by being confused about something or figuring out a problem. Sure, you think your brain is thinking through toy challenging computer games, and in some ways it is. But it can reach its full potential by doing things that won't overtax your eyes. A computer can be great, but it's not everything in your life. What about your social life? Computers can be useful resources in many ways, but not if you let them be destruction. This @MONTH1 happens by making the computer your permanent companion. Now people have come up with online games where they can interact with other people. It's not necessarily a bad thing, unless your entire social life is only with these online people you don't really know, not with real people you see at school or meet on the everyday street, so I The thing to say is that talking to people online is not bad as long as you treat them as secondary friends and put real people first. Like I said at the beginning, computers are a part of our daily lives, which is not a bad thing, they can be very helpful. But you have to control what you do with them and how many times you use them. If you do, you're likely to have a more balanced lifestyle. Make you, your friends and family happier.
Dear Newspaper People, @CAPS1 You may hear something new on @ORGANIZATION1, more and more people believe that computers are good for society. I personally agree with them. I think they make people miss new things, meet new people, and focus on exercising. Time flies. Things may fly overhead and you may not notice them. Have you ever been on your computer for an hour. You might feel like you're on @NUM1 mines. Many people have spent a hole in it. You may be missing something for a year. New things, like a new ipod nano with a camera, were invented, you wouldn't know it. Also, iPods. You can download books and read them there. There are also new things to try, like the jumping art of plains or bungee jumping. You might go to new places around the world. Go to @LOCATION1, @LOCATION2 and even underwater. Even go to @LOCATION2 and enjoy a melted, warm Tester cheese pizza on the right side of the oven. Just thinking about it makes my mouth growl. How many people do you know. How about on facebook or myspace. @CAPS3 You shouldn't be going to the park. Get to know some people. Just go to a family home where you can interact. Everyone should interact with someone. Even two-year-olds need to interact with other two-year-olds. That's when they learn how to share @CAPS2, you're no longer two, but it's nice to meet someone. Also learn what other people think. You @MONTH1 think your way is fine and the other way isn't. It's called interactive talking about it. @CAPS1 You might see in the news how many families have weight issues. A lot of shows like Biggest Loser @CAPS3 and Chanel is trying to help these guys lose weight. But what cam is this? Maybe it's the wrong food, maybe it's the wrong row. But the problem may be computer related. Many people spend @NUM2 minutes on the computer instead of @NUM3 minutes exercising. Just take a quick circle around the lock and you'll lose at least @NUM4 calls. Others may prefer to stay on the computer and get @NUM4 calls. Some people die from heart attacks. This @MONTH1 was caused by a plack price increase or weight gain. In the process of reaching for apples, many Americans reach for those treats. I think we should still use the computer, but use it less, exercise more and eat more. After reading this letter, you might be thinking. Thinking people don't listen to exercise and meeting new people or places. But one thing we can do is infect at least one person. This person can inspire another person. This can go on forever. Little by little we can help people what they can do without a computer.
Dear local paper, the question everyone is asking is are computers good for society? I used to think they were not good for society, but now I think they are. I think it's because, a great place to get information, two we live in a technologically advanced society, three you can keep in touch with people on the other side of the world. So are computers really good for our society? Computers are a valuable resource for me when I need to get information. For example, in my recent social studies class project, I needed to get information on the topic on my computer. Also, if you need facts about something and you don't have access to the library, the computer has the same information. Also, computers are helpful when trying to find a map of a particular place or a phone number for a store. Computers are and will always be an important source of information. At @DATE1, technology is an important part of society. For example, the first computer that came out was a giant building block, and when you did something on it, you put it into a cardboard card. Now we have thin and light portable computers. So knowing how to use your computer is crucial to keeping up with @DATE1. So, are you letting technology pass you by? A computer is one of the best ways to stay connected. For example, if you call someone around the world, your phone bill will skyrocket. But if you go to a site like facebook, you can chat for free. Another way to chat with people is through AIM Another free way to chat with people. Who wouldn't want to talk to their friends and family all over the world for free? The reasons I give you are detailed justifications. Technology is like a train, you have to live in it.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I don't think computers are good for society. In my opinion, they do more bad things than good things. People don't study people on computers. They are checking @CAPS3, @CAPS4, @CAPS5. They need to go out and see the outside world and people should interact with family and friends. Someone who has to complete a task on time. So they're bored, maybe they'll create a @CAPS3 account, or if they already have one, they'll probably have one of those games in their game, and eventually you'll be addicted to @CAPS3 and you'll never leave it. Our society needs to encourage people to go outside and just use your computer to check your email, add something to your ipod, maybe check if you have any notifications on @CAPS3. If you really want to live a good life in front of a computer, your whole life won't allow you to have that kind of fun. You need to live your life as if you were dead tomorrow. Go outside and watch the big game with all your friends. Go on vacation with family. Travel the world and remember every part of it. Wouldn't you rather do this and sit in front of your computer? We need to inform our state about this. We are one of the fastest countries for a reason! People don't leave their homes and they don't become active. If people avoided their computers, then we might be one of the best places to be.
Dear local paper, computers don't affect people well. They can cause a lot of problems in your life. Are you running when you are on the computer? No, you're just sitting there; using the computer requires very little movement. You need to jump around, dance, walk with your friends, whatever! You can put on a lot of weight by sitting down and using the computer all day. Another problem that computers give you is being unsocial. You might be addicted to games or facebook/@CAPS1 or something and be there. You don't talk or hang out with your friends at school because all you want to do is keep using your computer. You're always thinking about this, not other things in life. Computers can also be very dangerous. If you're talking to someone you don't know, they can find out about you and do something about you. Not talking to people you don't know online at all. These are computer-induced or many problems. Trust me, I used to be addicted to games.
I always tell me that school, family and sports are @CAPS5. Children now live on a computer all day. @PERCENT1 students leave school and go straight to the computer. Students should spend more time with their families, they should exercise more, and finally focus more on their grades in school. The original reason I agree is because most kids never spend time with their families. All kids love going home and sitting in front of the computer all day. This sucks because kids never get a chance to spend time with their family and thank their parents for what they do @CAPS5. For example, I just want to ask young children, do they thank their parents every day? The reason I want to ask this is because they should do it every day. Also the second reason I agree with is that students need to invest more time and effort in school. Kids need to stop spending hours on facebook, @CAPS1 and @CAPS2. They should be doing their research on sites like @ORGANIZATION1, not going to those sites. Students attending @PERCENT2 either have facebook, @CAPS1 and @CAPS2. For example, every day I walk through the halls, I hear students talking about @CAPS5 happening on computer @TIME1. It's ridiculous how many students don't finish their homework and turn it in late. Finally, the third and final reason I agree with is because students definitely don't exercise. A famous baseball player once said, "You don't have to be strong, but you have to be fit and athletic." @CAPS5 That means you have to stay in shape. @PERCENT3 students are not getting the weight they should be because they are obese and inactive. The only practice the students have each day now is their @CAPS6.E. class. Even so, students get tired and out of breath quickly because they are lazy and always on the computer. They need to get off the computer, do push-ups, sit-ups and exercise. For example, I do my homework every day after school and then run a mile. To be added to students need to go through @CAPS6.E. class. In conclusion, students shouldn't spend so much time on the computer, spending time with their families, and focusing on their academic performance, and finally they need to get off the computer, exercise more, and stay healthy!
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 has a good opinion on computers. I think they can help people meet their needs. People can also contact other people. All computers are useful, and it doesn't always have a negative effect when someone uses it. Computers help teachers, students, staff and parents. They're not always there to help. Computers can also be used for entertainment. Games, music and videos are always on the internet. Connecting with other people is also a big reason why computers are good. One can always have an email for business and friends. Myspace, @CAPS3 and @CAPS4 are all sites where people can connect with others. Owning a computer isn't always a bad thing. When you write a story for a newspaper, is it handwritten? You can also use a computer to work. Computers aren't always broken. People have to learn to limit their time. When people need something, they can always have a positive impact on people. Information on anything is always on the Internet. Computers have been used for decades and I think they will be used more. Back then people mainly used computers to work. Now people of all ages can use it for a variety of different things.
computer. An achievement @MONEY1 technology and science that improves the lives of all of us @MONEY1. They let you explore the world and chat with friends with one click. So what's the problem? I will tell you. I believe that computers are destroying our society. Now don't get me wrong, I love them, but they can be terrible. People get on and off, you never know who you're chatting with online, and they can put a ton of pressure on @MONEY1. Let me explain why computers are ruining lives. When the computer was invented, I'm sure that wasn't the purpose. Keep playing mindless games, or randomly search the web. There are even scientists who have studied @PERCENT1 @MONEY1, the more you go online, the more likely you are to become a submissive. This is not what @LOCATION1 needs. You say you'll play for a minute, but you'll play "@CAPS1" or "@CAPS2" for days in a row. Someone with @CAPS3 work to do probably never will. Also, it's just a waste of @MONEY1 time when you can play @CAPS3 games outside. My second reason is that when you're "chatting" or "@CAPS4'ing" someone, who the hell is this? A study proves that when you think talking to a friend, it's actually some perverted @NUM1 year old looking for "fun". @CAPS5 Huh? Also, someone could embed a virus in your system while you're talking, which may require @MONEY1 to fix. How angry are your parents? This can happen with every letter you press. Finally, stranger or not, some @MONEY1 these folks left links to disgusting sites you pray your parents didn't see. My final point is that computers are proven to cause more stress. When you're using @CAPS6 or @CAPS7, there can be nasty squabbles between friends that can affect you and your studies, which can affect your grades. For every @NUM2 person who joins the social page, @NUM1 will get a worse grade on this question. Also when your parents are online for a long time, they have to be in a hurry to get ready for work the next morning and are tired, affecting the quality of their @MONEY1 work. In this economic climate, I don't think we need more layoffs. Even something as simple as a virus or slow upload can and can cause stress, in fact @PERCENT2 @MONEY1 @LOCATION1 had a stress problem due to the computer. I'm telling you today why computers are bad. They get into stress and stalking. Computers aren't all bad these days, as long as they are used correctly. That's why I think computers can be bad.
Hi @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3 Do you think computers have a big impact on people? Well, I'm sure @CAPS3 thinks that using a computer has a big impact on people. I say this because, people might waste a whole day on those facebook, myspace gol sites looking up word differences, directions to places, etc. If you think about it, this effect on people can ruin their vision and social skills. These people spent @NUM1 hours on the computer. Staring at a @NUM2 inch small screen can damage your eyes. This could cause you to wear glasses or possibly go blind. How would your life be without talking to girls/men or even your own family? For example, if you're wasting time on these sites: facebook all you @CAPS3 is an instant messenger. Maybe you should go out and have some fun with @CAPS3 and that guy. I heard what happened to map it.com? Don't be lazy and waist @NUM3 minutes of the day just get directions. Use real maps! Also, free @LOCATION1? come on! Use a real dictionary. So, I conclude that these computers @CAPS3 have a "huge impact" on people. It gave them a shortcut in life.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, Computers do not benefit society. They make people antisocial, unhealthy, and doing bad things. The internet is addictive. I used to spend three hours a day online. I don't exercise at all. Also, I was encouraged to eat unhealthy snacks online. It made me very unhealthy and I gained nine pounds in a week. Now, I am on a diet. I can't enjoy things like candy or running. When I grow up, my hands will probably get arthritis because I spend hours typing. I use my computer in the dark, so now I need contacts. Using a computer is one of the most unhealthy choices ever made. I spend so much time on the computer that I can't socialize. I miss a lot of activities with friends and family because I'm so busy online. I hardly talk to anyone except via email. I have lost many friends and close family members. My pets died because I didn't take care of them. I really don't want to do anything, just get online. I screwed up college and job interviews. To this day, I don't have a social life and I don't have a job because I spend more time socializing with computers than people. Computers ruined my life. Computers encourage very bad things. Not just unhealthy choices and anti-social behavior, they discourage illegal things. Many drugs and weapons are purchased online. People kill others or themselves because people gossip about them online. People don't care about nature and destroy it. People steal to buy additional technology. A lot of car robbery happens because someone left the technology there. People gamble with online poker. People hack bank accounts with computers. Prostitution happens because of online chat. They're sex offenders, they're posing online as people they want to date, and they're rapists. Terrorists can communicate via the Internet. Computers are a threat to society. They turn people into lowly scum and criminals. Computers should be disposed of before the end of the world.
Dear @LOCATION1 Newspaper, I believe that computers have a very positive impact on people. Computers can help children with homework. Computers also allow people to learn new things. You can even communicate with friends. Computers have many great uses. Children have a lot of homework and it is almost impossible to complete all of them without a computer. At @ORGANIZATION1, students receive a project almost every month. We need pictures, information, and it has to be neat. Computers are the only way to find pictures, information and keep them clean. Children also have a lot of homework and computers are very important for that. In science class we get a homework pack for each new unit, which is really hard to do without a computer. You can also learn a lot from using a computer that you never knew. Computers have many uses, one of which is learning. There are many educational websites on the computer. If you are traveling somewhere and want to know more about that place, you can search for it on the internet. Even if you're reading a book and come across a word you don't know, you can look it up and find it. Communicating with friends is also important, and computers offer many different ways. There is facebook, @CAPS1 and video chat. If you want to chat with your friends or video chat also with your friends you can use facebook. These are great if you want to show vacation photos or talk to friends in different countries. These are all great ways to use your computer. I definitely think computers have a positive impact on people. They help with projects and homework, learn new things and communicate with friends. Computers are great.
Dear ones, @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 Computers are useful, they have a negative effect on people. Thanks to advances in computers, many people are no longer going out. People are so busy using computers that they don't even spend quality time with friends and family anymore. Obesity is also a big problem. Computers are disrupting people's experience of the outdoors. Many people, mainly children, stay home all day playing computer games. There are so many great things to do outside, like going to the park or exercising. Computers just took the kids away, now they can't experience fresh outdoor fun, now @DATE1 kids stay inside all day instead of playing outside camp. Families are now torn apart by computers. Parents and even kids don't spend a lot of time together because of computers. As a result families start to lose touch with each other and families can develop these ways as well, young people are likely to be attracted to computers, so it's a problem that neither sons nor daughters are emotionally or physically in touch with the family. Health is a big concern when it comes to computers. What happens is teens and even adults sit in front of the computer and play these games or go online, then eat dinner and then go online or play games. Over time it started to get worse and the kids gained weight and kept waiting and then became obese and unhealthy. It's the whole American problem, that technology keeps advancing, and progressive young people become very unhealthy. In conclusion, computers have a very negative impact on people. People don't go out so often anymore. Family relationships are being destroyed and people's health is at risk! If this does not change America's future will be in jeopardy.
Some people know far away, get updates on important news, and make sloppy work and handwriting look neat. All of these are some of the positive benefits of having a computer for people. People all over the world use computers to research other places The computer provides pictures of the places he/she is researching. For example: I remember when I had a social studies project on @PERSON1 and I had to explain why it was a good place to learn about its history. Mind you, I've never even heard of a place called @PERSON1 @PERSON1, but thanks to the computer, I googled "@PERSON1 @PERSON1 @PERSON1" and the computer gave me all the info. and photos @CAPS1 about Mt. Now my @CAPS2 @PERSON1 @PERSON1 moutans position and look. Second, computers have all the latest news happening around the world. I remember when the Haiti earthquake first hit, it happened to my grandmother until she went online to check @ORGANIZATION1 and when, where, and a larger earthquake. About the computer is one I'm not the best hand writer in my class, I can write it out or do it on the computer, and we're graded on neatness, detail, and fluency. I chose to do it on the computer and it came out nice and neat pictures. Computers have very positive benefits for people all over the world. What matters now is whether it's for information, news or to keep things tidy.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1, did you know that any kid or teen between the ages of 8 and 17 can't live on a computer? Then myspace, facebook and aim are like an online hangout. Kids can log in anywhere and don't log out unless their parents tell them to. I'm a firm believer in the impact of computers on people, and my three reasons are that people don't exercise, they don't interact with others, kids are dumb, and they're sneaky if they do research. Online sites and games are like hippie people and keep them stuck for hours. Most parents think it's a good thing to let their kids do an hour of research on the computer. However, children are now and will be secretly paying online or visiting websites they were not allowed to visit and did not visit before. Sometimes the best thing for @CAPS1 is getting some fresh air and interacting with others. But for sites that keep people connected for more than two hours, they're not a breath of fresh air or interacting with others. Most of the time people forget and don't know what a computer is because they play too much. When you think about it, people grow quickly, people start eating, drinking, and sometimes sleeping in front of the computer. People stay in front of the computer and eat, they don't get enough exercise, they start to gain weight, and soon they just stay in front of the computer because they don't exercise to burn fat. What do you think about how computers can have a big impact on people by not interacting with others, not enough, and kids wives surreptitiously visiting other sites, and if their parents aren't home, they're not allowed to continue.
Dear @CAPS1, I don't think computers are something people should be using @NUM1. Computers do them some good and somehow become addictive. From people who are putting on weight every day because they sit on the computer all day chatting. Then there are the horrible people on the internet who disguise themselves to look like a @NUM2 year old boy when there is actually a one year old man. Finally, people are now using computers as reading tools, not books. I just think computers are ruining a lot of people's lives. First off, most people today are getting overweight because they either watch too much @CAPS2 or sit at the computer all day and eat. Once you start using your computer, you will never stop. Especially if you multitask where you eat and use your computer. The biggest problem is that people think it's better to sit at home than to enjoy a nature workout outside! It's really not good that people don't leave their computers and start enjoying life. Second, not everyone online is what they say is making fake accounts on @CAPS3 or @CAPS4. Maybe some people say that there is indeed @NUM3. With all the photos posted, you and it's people. Remember to be careful! Finally, people in this day and age use computers to read books, not to go to the library or @CAPS5 and @CAPS6 (or any bookstore). I think all these bookstores are going to go out of business because of today's technology. When I was young, I said I was going to read a book, and I was actually reading a book. I didn't read it on a computer. People need to reduce the use of electronic products. In the end, I think computers are really a waste of time. There's no reason people should be on the computer instead of exercising. Everyone needs to stay away from the bad guys online. We can also start using regular books instead of online books. I think computers need to stop taking over our world and start showing up when we need them.
Dear newspaper, today's computers have a negative impact on people. There's less precious time to exercise every day, you won't be able to see your family, and some of the costs are outrageous! Owning a computer is definitely not a good idea. Is sitting all day your idea of a workout? Owning a computer is very bad for your physical lifestyle. Clicking the mouse and typing just moves your hands, not your entire body. A person who doesn't use a computer every day or for a long time will be healthier than someone who uses it all the time. I remember seeing an ad for @NUM1 kids and how their later lives were improved by using computers as "tweens". Not only will you be unhealthy, but anti-socialist is also very likely. Many kids, even adults, spend their precious family time playing The Sims @NUM2 and building their ideal family. However, this is not acceptable. Spending time with family is precious. When asked about computer usage, @PERSON1 said: "You can easily become addicted to @NUM2 laps!" @CAPS1 You are addicted and your family and you suffer. Where they will stop inviting you. You don't want to lose those who will serve you, on the other hand. "@CAPS2!" your computer yells. You have another virus. Ugh, it's erasing your hardware: all your academic papers, important bookmarking sites, and sentimental photos. Do you know how much it will cost to try and retrieve this data? Well, there will be a lot. I know you're probably thinking, "This can't happen to me", but really; yes, it's more risky to store stuff on a computer than to have a hard copy. It will also save you more money. Also, the appliances use electricity @CAPS1 and they can even be plugged into an outlet! So don't be surprised when you get your electricity bill, computers can be very expensive, which is why it's not worth having one. Computers are just another unnecessary thing in life. It takes away your overall health, reduces family time, and costs you the same big bucks. It's a fact that you can survive without a computer. But not healthy? Well, you will die. I you consider my idea.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I'm a @ORGANIZATION3 middle school student at @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @CAPS5 @CAPS6 You recently wrote an article about computers, and I wrote today, good or bad, that computers are important to people all over the world beneficial. This is true because computers can help people learn progress in our schools through hand-eye coordination, and ultimately it can help people communicate easily, @CAPS7 Please consider the following. First, in the long run, computers greatly help with hand-eye coordination. This is true because people who play games on a computer are better at using their hands and eyes at the same time. @ORGANIZATION1 ullodhers via @ORGANIZATION4 @LOCATION1 "Computer help with hand-eye coordination @PERCENT1 is more important than getting your son or daughter on a football team" @CAPS8 Computer games can help kids acquire these skills, or any sport, more accurately. @CAPS7 Now you know why computers can help people develop better hand-eye coordination. Second, computers help people learn new things. While people might think it's fake, it's real. A recent study by @ORGANIZATION1 at @ORGANIZATION2 shows that schools @PERCENT2 in @CAPS6 use computers for research. There was a recent paper about @PERSON2 and the only thing I can think of is Wikipedia on the internet because it's better than searching for his book. @CAPS7 Now you understand that computers are a useful test of learning. Finally, computers are a great way to communicate online. It's better than @CAPS10 because it speaks faster and more than calling someone. @CAPS8 it's a lot cheaper than @CAPS10 because you only pay @NUM1 payments per month, unlike a phone call. where it starts to add up. Inract @PERSON1 or @ORGANIZATION2 of @LOCATION1 pointed out in a recent study that "@CAPS10 is now obsolete and people on the internet can chat as fast as they can". Finally using email or facebook is @CAPS7 much better than the phone tag on facebook, you know where you can chat. @CAPS7 That's why I think computers are good for communication. @CAPS7 Now you see computers are very important because they develop hand-eye coordination, @CAPS8 help people learn, and finally they are a great way to communicate.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, Experts are unhappy that computer @MONTH1 is having a negative impact on society. I disagree with this. Computers make life easy, tell you far places and people, and finally you can chat with others. I believe that computers can only benefit one society. As mentioned before, computers make life easier. Using a computer, you can use the @CAPS1 output to plan your life. The program lets you enter data on where you have to go and reminds you when the time for that event is up. With this app you will never forget where you have to go. In addition, using a computer, you can collect information at extremely high speeds. Say you're doing a research project on car types at school, you just type cars on @ORGANIZATION3 and get millions of results. This saves a lot of time than going to the library and finding a book. How can this take up. Finally, there is a handy computer that people with special needs can program. New programs like @ORGANIZATION2 word have special features called voice commands. This allows a person who is blind or disabled to write to speak to the computer what he or she wants to write. Soon it will appear on the screen. Computers have made people's lives a breeze. In addition to life, computers teach you about faraway places and people. Pictures on a computer can give people a first-hand understanding of what a far-flung place looks like. Insead just read it and you can see it. According to Time Magazine, if a person sees a place, they will learn more from @PERCENT1 than from reading an encyclopedia. In addition to pictures, blogs give people an idea of a person's day-to-day life in that place and how they feel about it. Here's another firsthand account of the place. Finally, eBooks on the Internet provide you with a wealth of information. Ebooks are books, but in internet format. These books include encyclopedias that provide statistics, as well as far-flung places and events. For example, if you're planning a trip, you can learn where to eat and where to entertain. You can learn about distant places and the people in them through a computer. Finally, with a computer, you can talk to people all over the world. You can chat with friends. Have you ever moved and wanted to talk to friends from where you used to live? Now you can easily do it via video chat. It's not you who can talk to people you can see them. I remember when I moved to @LOCATION1 @NUM1 years ago I missed my friends in @LOCATION2 so I made a video for them. In addition to talking with friends, you can enjoy all over the world without having to travel out of town. For example, if a company wants to enter into a trade agreement with another company in @LOCATION3, they can do it with a single mouse click. This will save travel time and money. You can also chat with other people online to find out what's going on. Like a few weeks ago @CAPS2, many people in @LOCATION4 video chat to learn about the harsh conditions now after the earthquake. You can easily talk to people using an available computer. In conclusion, I believe that computers are good for society. They make life easy, introduce people to faraway places and the people who live there, and allow people to converse with others. Computers have opened the door to the world. Computers are of great help to society.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2, you think computers are bad for society. I've noticed a lot of people worry that computers aren't very good in my opinion. I think computers are their skills to help with typing. Computers are also helpful in processing and making pictures, and they can be used to find information. First, computers are very helpful for typing skills. It takes six years for someone else not to use a computer to use @CAPS3 young people skills that young people love very quickly. In fact, teens in @PERCENT1 can enter who needs @NUM1 minutes in one minute. The typing skills of computers have had a great impact on many people. Computer made it so copier, edited so many pictures, etc, edit pictures from expensive digital @CAPS2 for free on your computer? A computer makes it and it works by lack of information to just a computer and find it faster. The computer where you can find information becomes faster. For example, you must @CAPS2 a project on @CAPS4. Instead of going to the library and paying more for a book about @CAPS4, you can go to google.com and type @CAPS4. There is so much information, and it is much faster. Get with the program computer are in. All in all, I think the computer is a great invention. They make finding information and typing skills easier. They also make cropping and editing photos easier, take my advice seriously.
Some experts worry that people are spending too much time on computers and less time exercising, enjoying nature and interacting with family and friends. I think the opposite. I think so because you @MONTH1 will have to look up something on your computer one day. Some jobs you have to apply for through a computer. Another thing is that computers allow you to chat with other people online. The first reason I think using a computer is good for people is because you @MONTH1 have to find something on your computer one day. I mean you might need to get a job, you might want to leave, so you can look at vacations you can take, or you might have to pay your bills for the day. The second reason I think using a computer is good is because some jobs have to be applied for through a computer. Like stopping and shopping, the price is right, and you save a lot. Other than that, it's good for society because if we use paper we will kill more trees. I think the third reason to use a computer is good because it allows you to talk to other people online. So you @MONTH1 need to reach out to family or even old friends, meet new ones, or maybe you don't like talking on your phone, so you'd rather talk on your computer. Now I tell you all the reasons I think using a computer is good. @MONTH1 had to find something on the computer, some job you had to apply for through the computer, and finally let you chat with other people online. These are some great advantages. So I hope you will consider my opinion.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1's name is @CAPS2 @CAPS3, I want to tell you why I'm a bit against computers, you can do so many things in the world, visit places, go on cruises. First I want to tell you what you can do, you can play basketball, handball, play with your friends. Alternatively, you can take a car out for a morning run and feel the breeze. Next I want to tell you where you can go, you can go to your friend's house your girlfriend/boyfriend your family just doing it to stop being lazy computer doesn't help your life stop being lazy. Lastly, I'd like to tell you about cruise ships that can go far, like @LOCATION2, @LOCATION3, @LOCATION1, and more. Fun at cruise captain dinner, meeting @ORGANIZATION1 people and @ORGANIZATION1 attractions. As a conclusion, I would say that people should stop being lazy with computers and have fun in this world while it lasts.
Dear local newspaper, I myself believe that if computers are extremely important to our society in this day and age. Computers help people talk to people. Be online and stay connected with family and friends. Second, I think computers are important because they help with learning, even online education. In the end, computers just help people meet their entertainment needs. Computers are one of the most used tools on the planet. Almost every household has one, and some even exceed @NUM1. Let's face it, there are a lot of people who travel the world just to make a decent living for their families. Computers help them stay connected, whether through email or even video chat. It makes people happy and still lets them know what their family or friends are doing. For some, it can reunite the family, find through someone, I don't know, maybe their long-lost brother, or something. Computers bring families together, and you might get a little surprise every now and then! My we should keep the computer because we are. Finally, computers can be fun! Maybe you're looking for some funny videos, just keep searching for "funny videos" and it'll keep you busy for a while. I know I love downloading music too, so why is it different for everyone else? If there's a song playing in your head, just look it up and I'm sure you'll find what you're looking for. You @MONTH1 are cooking and need a recipe, and I'm sure your computer is more than willing to tell you anything you like. Well, so, computers are one of the most important tools in the world we live in today. We rely on computers for many things, such as keeping in touch with our families, helping people learn, and providing entertainment, to name a few. Computers can help with countless things.
I don't think you can ever spend enough time on a computer because computers don't do you any bad, they just improve your life. On the one hand, if you need to find out important factual dates or times. You can check it directly on your computer. The internet is a never-ending source of knowledge, and you can find out anything you need to know by searching it on your computer. Another useful thing from the computer dose is being able to talk to someone using eother @CAPS1-mail @ CAPS2 or that room you can meet new people or talk to far away friends or have a chat on your computer and you can even connect a webcam And actually see them while they're talking to you, which a phone can't do. Computers are also a good source of entertainment. You can play many games on the Internet. You can even download consal games to your computer. Another thing you can do is watch full episodes of @CAPS3 shows and movies, for example, if you fail a TV sale and miss an episode, you can go look it up. My favorite is youtube, it's always fun whether you watch random videos or watch famous youtube stars post their own videos. Finally, all programs on your computer have endless programs available for you to download, they can be fun, like painting and glitter, or important, like wear and tear or book-ending, every program a computer provides is useful And it's fun to use. You can use most of these programs to help you. Now I've mentioned some why you can never spend enough time on the computer Shure workouts and nator can be healthy but you can only do those things I just mentioned, so don't you agree that computers improve our lives? More then they are unhealthy.
Some experts worry that people use computers without enjoying nature and the outdoors. In my opinion, people should use computers, but not a lot. Here's @CAPS1 using a computer to chat with friends and search for something you've never seen before. I say this because some people are addicted to computer games, or chatting with your friends all day. The next reason is to go outdoors, you can enjoy more things like sports, tags and other activities. Instead of talking to your friends on the computer, go to the park and talk or invite them to your house. Another reason my outlet is right for people and computers is to understand nature and learn how to do things. I hope you found my introduction good and keep reading. My number one reason is that people are addicted to computer games and other computer functions. The reason I say this is because some people do get addicted to computers, and @CAPS1 can keep using it for a while, but not much. Better to go outside for some fresh air, it's nice and cold. If you have a dog, you should take you for a walk or walk with your friends. My next reason is to go out and play sports or run around and play tag. You can go to the park and play basketball or baseball instead. You can do a lot of fun things outside. You should go to your school and try whatever sport you are good at. That way, when you're bored, there's always something to do instead of staying home all day. The last reason I prefer nature to computers is to learn how to do something. Learning something in real life is better than learning it in a computer. Your dad can teach you how to glue bricks together to make a chimney, or teach you how to mower someone else's yard to make money.
Dear editor, I hear you are looking for your citizen's opinion on whether computers are good or bad. The opinion of @CAPS1 is that computers are bad. I think computers are terrible on three fronts and I want to express them to you and hopefully convince you to go the @CAPS1 side. It smells good to go out today. I can smell flowers, grass, etc. @CAPS1 The number one reason computers are bad is that if you use your computer too much, you don't see enough to enjoy nature. Nature is beautiful, it has @CAPS2, green grass, rainbows (sometimes). You can walk on the moon, be yourself, be yourself. In other words, nature is so good that you should set out to enjoy it. If you're not enjoying nature, it's probably not too late because it's going to rain soon, and then, yes, fem has amazing colors, but after fall, winter happens. Winter is not very good, very cold. You work because you need to shovel the driveway and your car, which makes you tired. Stupid you can get those weeds. Oh, it's not for me to do this. @CAPS1 The next reason why computers are broken. When is a good smile run. @CAPS1 I think the next reason computers are bad is spending all your time working and not having time to exercise. Exercising is a lot of fun and you want to get out. Hang out with friends, any of the many coasts. Exercise is the main way to stay healthy. Can you really be unhealthy and sick and he's dead, dead I have a friend useless. His body is getting weaker and weaker, so exercise is a major part of staying healthy. There are many ways to be healthy, you can ride a bike, run, walk, climb a mountain, climb a mountain, and more. When exercising at the park, the possibilities you never knew you might encounter are endless. Speed say your friends, "Hey man", "No, you" "Not much, just looking around for a workout" "Same here, same here" You never know who you'll meet in the park because that's @ CAPS1 friends. He's always here, as you can imagine, and yes, in the same park. If I was crazy on the computer, I wouldn't have met him. Like I said @CAPS1 friend. But because I come here every day, I probably meet a new friend every day. So @CAPS1 I think the last reason computers are bad is because you don't have enough time to interact with friends and family. I love the @CAPS1 family, but I interact with them. If they're working out who, if I'm on the computer. No one can. In conclusion, I think computers suck because you don't have enough time to exercise, enjoy nature, and spend @CAPS3 time with family and friends.
Dear local @CAPS1, I think computers are good for people. My first reason was that kids might have to write a simple thing for school. My second reason is that the child may have to look up important things. My third reason is that kids may have email. My first reason was that kids might have to write a simple thing for school. The teachers mostly let the kids bang their easysys. When kids write easys, they have to get information about what they're looking for. My second reason is that kids may have to watch important things. When the kids grow up, they @MONTH1 have to fill out an enquiry form online, they want to find out which schools they @MONTH1 want to go to. High school kids look for collages in @NUM1 or @NUM2 grades. My third reason is that kids may have email. When kids check their emails, they might want to see if they were written by their parents. And some kids don't live near their families, so they email each other online. My first reason was that kids might have to write a simple thing for school. My second reason is that kids may have to look up important things. My third reason is that kids may have email. Now I hope you enjoyed what I wrote about why having a computer is a good thing.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 Local Secondary School Technology students are fully utilized. Computers help us write papers and complete research tasks more efficiently. However, I personally think that this constant computer use has a negative effect on people. First, computers hinder human relationships. @CAPS4, @ORGANIZATION1 help keep in touch with old classmates, but no computer can replace face-to-face communication. From the hard, icy text, one cannot decipher subtle connotations or wit. Bot, people are starting to replace seeing each other with the @CAPS3 network. Games like @ORGANIZATION2 came along with the technological revolution. These games are addictive, @CAPS4, our society mocks "nerds" for spending too much time playing these trivial games, but it's a serious problem. For example, in a recent study by @ORGANIZATION3 students, "@NUM1 of @NUM2 teens who played computer games did not get the recommended amount of daily exercise." That's because the games are so engaging. Time to put in the game. Eventually consume all idle time. This is dangerous because gaming addiction can lead to delusions, @CAPS3 deficiencies, obesity. @CAPS2 Alone, we quickly learned that what was once so genius is actually dangerous. If a person stares at a backlit screen for hours, their vision will definitely start to deteriorate. Blindness is just one of the negative effects computers have on our health. @CAPS2 As mentioned earlier, obesity is a problem. Now, add in poor eyesight, @CAPS5, @CAPS6 deficiencies, and a negative outlook, and you've got yourself a problem. All ailments that come with computers can be solved by reducing computer time and exercise. Of course @CAPS2 is a species we shouldn't spend so much time in a fixed position. This static state is a new phenomenon that is causing major health concerns. In fact, overuse of computers robs us of time, damages our health, and hinders our @CAPS3 interactions. This allows computers to negatively affect people and their health.
I think computers have a positive impact on people. Computers are very important to society. You can still interact with your family and friends in the @CAPS1 chat or @CAPS2. Computers are also helpful for applying @CAPS3, you can find your favorite @CAPS3. You can do @CAPS5 exciseses, useful for @CAPS5 papers. If you have a laptop you can take it anywhere you want, you don't need to connect any wireless, you can connect to @CAPS6. You can find your homework and more on @CAPS6. No need to go to the store to buy things. This is why computers have a positive impact on people.
Dear @CAPS1, with the advancement of knowledge, computers have been incredibly helpful to many people. However, many people do not consider the negative effects of computers. Computers make research easier to find, and they organize data well and quickly. Computers have made communication easy, but there are also many negative and positive effects. Chat rooms on your computer are a great way to communicate quickly, but they can also be dangerous. More and more children are spending time on the computer instead of exercising outdoors and communicating with friends and family. Chat rooms are commonly used by children and adults. Children use them to talk with friends, make plans and connect with relatives. But kids aren't the only ones using chat rooms. Adults also use them. Some are good, some are bad. Adults sometimes chat with their colleagues for their work chat. They can easily communicate what has been done and what needs to be done in the office, such as bills paid. It's a great way to keep employees informed about what's going on outside the office. Computers have many other useful advantages. Some other advantages of computers are computer functions. Computers are good for finding information quickly. Computers can be used to find information on school programs. Computers can also take this information and organize it on diagrams and computer programs such as microsoft powerpoint. Another advantage of computers is that they can teach hand-eye coordination. Typing can help most people. Typing is also another advantage. If people don't have good calligraphy, they can use computers to enter essays, homework, and school projects. This makes it easier for students and teachers to read assignments. Computers have many advantages, but also disadvantages. More and more children are spending their free time on the computer instead of exercising outdoors. This causes the child to become less active. Being in a chat room all day is also a disadvantage. Today's kids use a new language in chat rooms and texting. They use abbreviations for words and phrases, such as "idk" for "I don't know". This language is disrupting the way children read and write. While chat rooms on your computer are useful, they can also be dangerous. Kids and adults alike go into chat rooms and talk to other people, saying ineffective information about themselves. such as age. Some adults enter the chat room and pretend to be teenagers. They talk to children until they find information such as addresses, phone numbers, schools and districts. Once they have this information, they can find out many other things about the child. This is extremely dangerous, and unfortunately, it does happen, and it has happened. As you can see, there are many advantages and disadvantages. I believe that if people can find a balance between the two, people will identify with computers more. Computers are convenient, but dangerous, in my opinion. If kids were more careful online and spent more time outside than on the computer, there would be less controversy. If kids only use computers for homework, parents are less concerned about their children's safety and health and are safe about who they talk to online. Also, what the kids say in their profiles. If this all happens, there will be a balance and I think people will be less intense for a while and people will be more comfortable.
Computers are an amazing technology for life. '@CAPS1 is awesome because computers help so many people and jobs. The people it helps are kids at school who can look up the areas on the worksheet they need to find the problem. And it helps our police work, @CAPS1.WAT and @ORGANIZATION1. It helps police and @CAPS1.WAT find where people are and where they will be. @ORGANIZATION1 use computers to locate where they will attack or defend. We wouldn't have found @CAPS3 @CAPS4 if it wasn't for computers. The bad thing about computers are hackers and people who won't leave the computer. They are addicted to the computer, addicted to the computer to sleep. That's '@CAPS1's parents' fault. Those are the only bad things about computers. They make people lazy because they just want to be on the computer. You haven't seen their family and friends in years, and this computer also provides a great way to reconnect with family and friends. Computers control many things like nuclear bombs, security, secret documents, satellites, all @CAPS5.A.@CAPS1.A. and more. They control life to a great extent. People shouldn't worry about kids sitting next to the computer all day because it's '@CAPS1 people' @CAPS1 wrong and they ruined their lives and parents' @CAPS1 for not controlling their kids away from the computer or parents not serving them Sign up for any sport. No friends at school, all they do is go straight to the computer and it ruins their lives. '@CAPS1 Shame on the dad who used to be the cool kid who made fun of nerds and fights every month. Then the father looks at his son and thinks his son is a nerd and lives on the computer, and then the father tries to help his son and get some exercise. Then the father keeps trying, and when the kids start going straight to the computer, it's good parenting to try and get it right. Not other parents who let their son/daughter only use the computer. These are my thoughts on good and bad ideas about computers.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, Computers have a positive impact on people. Even though people are not outdoors, computers can still benefit from it. Computers teach hand-eye coordination, they are convenient, and you can interact with different types of people online. Of course, computers teach hand-eye coordination. There are many sites on the Internet that teach kids to type. Typing helps kids learn the alphabet, see what the letters look like and show them where the keys are. In addition, there are other websites that can interact with your computer. Finally, there are a lot of kids, even adults, whose letters are scrambled, but some software will display the letters you type as you type. So computers teach hand-eye coordination. Have you ever been one of those students who wrote a paper but got poor grades because of messy handwriting? Using a computer is more convenient and will keep your homework as neat as ever. First, computers are convenient because you can answer any question with the click of a button. Next, no need to spend money to buy books for research, just do free online research. Finally, it's convenient for teachers and your staff because if you need to send a paper, please send it by email. It is much easier to get a paper by email than to get a sample with a pen. Computers are convenient in many ways. Computers allow people @NUM1 to video chat and chat online. First, there are many families with at least one member living in different places. Computers allow family members to see each other online. never leave their state. Second, there are families whose mom, dad, husband or wife are in the military and haven't seen each other in years but meet online. Finally, there are many students and teachers teaching and learning online. For most people with busy lives, this is easy. So you can interact online. As you can see, computers have a positive effect. They teach hand-eye coordination. They offer live chat which is very convenient. So the next time you go to the library to look up a book, stay home and go online and do the same thing.
I believe it is a good idea to have a computer at home. They can play games, study, talk and more. Here are three reasons why I own a computer is a good thing. It's great to have a computer to play games! There are many varieties to choose from. There are card games, board games, and even @NUM1 games! You can play solo, but it might be more fun and easier to play with some friends. As you can see, having a computer can be fun, but it's not the only thing you do on a computer. Learning with a computer is also great. A computer can take you to places you've never seen, heard, or been before, or maybe places you can't afford to go to. You @MONTH1 understand that in some places it's always sunny and in others it's not. Another thing a computer can teach you is about animals. Animals have always been here for us. There's still a lot we don't know about them. Many scientists have spent their lives studying animals and put them on the internet so you can better educate yourself. Computers can also teach you hands and eyes. If you try sports like football, baseball, and basketball, hand-eye is perfect. Also, you never know when you need to catch something. My last reason was also helpful. Being able to talk on a computer is good for using voice chat or an instint messenger is your choice. While talking on the computer, you may make some new friends who have the same interests and hobbies as you. As long as you are online, you can chat with them. As you speak, you can also express your thoughts and feelings. Sometimes you may just need to vent. Or maybe post an idea that will one day be famous. As you can see, it's easier to learn and talk on a computer. That's why I think.
Dear editor, computers are good for people because it really helps with their work, homework and other things.
Dear local newspaper, are you spending all your precious time on your computer? On your computer, you probably waste every second searching or playing games. You shouldn't spend a lot of time on the computer, it just washes out your brain. You should not use the computer for a long time because you should exercise, enjoy nature and interact with people. First of all, spending too much time on the computer is bad for you, because you should be out and working out. On a computer, you can't jog the fat you get by eating food. By jogging instead of hitting the computer, you can lose weight and see the real world, not the world behind your computer screen. Still, computers are fun, just like playing addictive games. But isn't it better to play a real sport like football? In football, you have to use your mind and a lot of things, so it's much better than sitting or lying on a computer screen for long periods of time. Don't you like to play outdoor games! Like playing tag or hide and seek, isn't it more fun than playing addictive games on a computer screen? For me, I think so. That's why I think you should work out and stare at your computer screen. Secondly, you should not use the computer for a long time because you should enjoy nature. Nature is not as beautiful as a computer, which is refreshing. Yes, I know computers have a lot to offer, but do they provide the fresh air outside, the warm breeze that keeps the animals on Earth alive? I don't think so, and neither should you. Don't turn on the computer when it's raining, you should play with your pets, and if you don't have anything, put a raincoat and umbrella outside. Especially on @DATE1, you should be outdoors enjoying nature go for a swim or take your pesky little siblings to the park. There are more things that are often used than just being used on a computer. More importantly, you shouldn't keep using the computer because you're better off. Interact with living people in person. Talking to people on the computer, you have nowhere to go, it's impossible to read someone's expressions while talking to people on the computer. So get off the computer and play with your family and friends. Have an interesting conversation or debate. Make new friends as you discover new trails at the mall or at the park. When all you see is the typed text written back to you, you can do anything but interact on your computer. Get yourself out of the world and interact not only with people, but with the world instead of the computer screen. In conclusion, you shouldn't spend most of your precious time on your computer. You don't have to spend all your time on the computer when you can exercise, enjoy nature, and interact with people. I am a firm believer that people should be outside and not at the computer. So what are you waiting for, get off your computer and go hiking!
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 The average teen spends @NUM1 hours a day on the computer! People spend too much time on the computer. They don't exercise much now. Also, they don't enjoy all the wonderful nature that has to offer. On top of that, people who spend too much time on the computer can't see their family and friends. That's why people shouldn't spend too much time on the computer. As people spend too much time on the computer, there is less exercise. A recent poll showed that @NUM2 out of every @NUM3 @CAPS5 are overweight. If our modern society didn't have distractions like computers, people could get bored, maybe outside. Back on @DATE5, only @PERCENT2 is obese in the @CAPS6 population. So why did this number skyrocket to @PERCENT1 in @DATE6? Electronics were not popular back then, so for fun, kids often played games outside. Few kids these days are motivated to put down the mouse and play football with their neighbors and friends. The kids would rather sit in an air-conditioned hose than go outside, have some healthy fun, and get sweaty. Computers prevent people from exercising, so their impact on people is negative. With the popularity of computers, people are less and less involved in nature. Our society doesn't take the time to notice the cool breeze on @DATE4 @TIME1, or the waves lapping on the hot @DATE3 @TIME1. They don't need to spend time admiring the beautiful plants in @DATE2, or feeling snow on the cold @DATE1 @TIME1 right now. People would rather sit in front of a computer for @NUM4 hours and do wonders for our world. People do not respect the natural beauty that nature has to offer. Computers have taken away the joy of enjoying nature. Computers manage people's relationships with family and friends. @NUM5 year old @CAPS7 would rather chat with his girlfriend on the computer than spend time on this @CAPS8. Children don't organize their priorities enough. In fact, adding computers to the mix only made things worse. People have accounts on social networking sites like facebook and sometimes they are very boring and cause problems. Friendships are easily broken, and the reason for this is usually some kind of misunderstanding. It's sad that kids would rather watch stupid videos than grandparents, but it's true. Computers are bad for people because they ruin their relationships with friends and family. People should spend less time on the computer. Computers are a major factor behind the dramatic rise in obesity rates. The kids need to get back on their feet before it's too late! Also, people of all ages should be aware of the natural beauty of nature, but computers stand in the way. On top of that, computers destroy many relationships with friends and family. Causes stress and unnecessary drama. As you can see, computers have a negative impact on people.
When you were a kid, did your parents let you play on the computer all day? Well, my parents wouldn't let me, and I don't think that's fair. I don't think it's fair because using a computer has many benefits, like teaching you hand-eye coordination. Another plus is that you can chat with people from your webcam while you're on your computer. You can also use your computer to do homework for things that require your research. Of course, when you're on your computer, you can watch your favorite movie or TV show, like @CAPS1 @CAPS2 or @CAPS3 @CAPS4. Aren't these some great advantages now? As an adult @CAPS5, you are pretty sure you enjoy doing a lot of things from the comfort of your own home, and if you have a computer, you can. One way you can keep in touch is by chatting online via webcam or my favorite @CAPS6 (which stands for aol instant messaging). Amazingly, another thing you can do is by setting it up at work or telling your boss how to work online. By the way, you're an adult and you didn't go to college at @NUM1 because you had to work hard. If you have a computer or laptop, you can go to school online and the best thing is that you can lie in bed warm and carefree. Now, don't you think this is a great way to spend @DATE1 @TIME1? When you were a kid my age, when you had a computer, all you wanted to do was play online games with your friends. Well, that's what we kids have to do these days, but our parents don't let us play too much. The only time they kept us long was when we might be doing a project for the school. But when your kids want to learn about things like @LOCATION1 or @CAPS7 @CAPS8 in addition to gaming all day, this is you. Most people would agree that when you have a computer, you can book a hotel directly online and go all the way to the hotel. Of course, that's what my parents do, every time they go on vacation, they check everything online, like hotels, hotels, and hotels. Yes, having a computer is helpful. Another thing you can do is watch movies online on a plane to go on vacation because that's what I do with my laptop. But I love watching the show the most because every time I watch a different episode of @CAPS9 @PERSON1 time flies so fast that a @NUM2 hour flight seems to be only @NUM3 hours. Finally, I've explained to you why having a computer is a good thing. One reason is because you can do a lot on the computer itself. The second reason is that you can use it for a lot of school work, such as doing research papers or taking online studies. My last reason is that you can book stuff online without going anywhere, wasting gas. So now it's your turn to decide whether owning a computer is a good thing or a bad thing.
Dear local paper @CAPS1, I think kids should be allowed to play with computers here. So they can talk to relatives over there. They want @CAPS5 @CAPS2. I have family in @LOCATION1. I talk to them every day because I have a laptop, they say so. I have relatives at @LOCATION3 and I trust them because I have emails. They told me my mom lives in @LOCATION2. So I asked her and she said yes, that was true, and I looked up to see if my mom was still alive. Thanks to the computer, I also learned that @LOCATION3 has one of @CAPS3 @CAPS4 in @CAPS5. So I asked my mom @CAPS2 if I could go to @LOCATION3 and she said yes. So I went with my sister and we even visited family members, @CAPS6 point I can tell you how it looks. I climbed high and full of trees. Bird @CAPS7, the thing that climbs the tree, what surprised me the most was a house on top of a hill. For sale I wish my mom was theirs because she would love it. So every time we go there, we rent that house, thanks to computers. Finally, you can even look up people on the Internet. I nearly died driving the criss-crossing rock. So when I got home, I opened my laptop and checked, so I did and it said nothing. But it did say one thing that surprised me. The most obvious is that he is getting a divorce. From his wife I think what peorson has to say. He almost died and most of it missed. So now I look up all my friends. Thanks to computers, it's time to embrace @CAPS2, people should have computers to learn @CAPS5, or just think what everyone said. So I want you to be a good person. But think about it before you choose.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1 Big rectangular black or white box with lights and beeps, a computer is a smart idea! But why do you ask,? I will show you. This device can teach you a new language and skype lets you chat with @CAPS1 on the web or on the phone! , (but you still have to pay @MONEY1.) You can surf the web or laugh on youtube, who needs to go out and buy something on ebay or amazon just order and be done, (but you still have to wait.) when you can Why go to a blockbuster to rent a movie you like, no late fees, no drive all the way to the movie store when you go to netflix to order a movie and keep it, please don't do that again! Next let's get back to the web, @CAPS2 you have a @CAPS3 or a built-in camera on your laptop or netbook and you can video chat with @CAPS1 and family around the world! @CAPS2 you're the kind of guy who loves video games so boy you're gonna love this! @CAPS5 ~~@CAPS6's can download simulation games, spores and more. Then you will love @CAPS6. MAC also shares goodies like Finder, Safari, Dashboard, so that's all I have to say to @CAPS8. Now you may be asking which computer should I buy? @CAPS9 @CAPS12 Friends at @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 You can choose @CAPS8 or @CAPS6 but not @CAPS12 Choose your computer, it's yours so go out and invest in a computer today! But I'm not done yet, you can also choose a laptop, desktop or netbook With a lot of business travel, having a laptop on hand is a good idea. Desktops are fine @CAPS2, you have a lot of home, work online or just love the comforts of home and not a desktop for you! Last but not least, a netbook, it's great @CAPS2 you're on the go and especially when you're on vacation, it's great to put on your lap or on a desk or @CAPS2 you don't want to get up and use the computer just Grab your netbook and you're ready, I almost forgot all netbooks come with a built-in @CAPS3 so @CAPS2 you're on vacation and you don't have a phone or computer, just be on your netbook. Alright, that's all I have to say thanks for reading
Dear newspaper writer, I believe that different websites affect people differently. For exams pull @ORGANIZATION1 for news about what's going on in the world. All the different types of games on other sites may be bad for some people because some games themselves don't change. Most educational websites are designed to help people learn. One can learn a lot with one computer. You can buy and sell the iturns you own on one website and earn more. One computer can be used for many different pests.
Computers are one of the most advanced technologies ever created. Computers are not only fun, they are also very beneficial to society. First, computers are a great way to communicate with others, whether it's instant messaging, email, video messaging, or services like @ORGANIZATION1. @DATE1, computers provide many learning opportunities. There are thousands of websites that provide information about your searches, whether it's something simple (like how to bake a cookie), or something more complex (like how many stars are in the sky). Last but not least, computers simply make life easier by helping you with your everyday needs. First, computers are a great way to communicate. I remember one time my dad was on a business trip to @LOCATION1. Because international phone service costs so much, my dad can't make calls on his cell phone. Instead, my dad uses @ORGANIZATION1 to make calls. It's great because it's right there on the computer. In addition to making it easier to communicate in the field, computers also help communicate news, weather a few weeks ago, and home away from home. Is shouting @DATE1 so my family has no choice. Thanks to our cable provider than we were able to look up. Schools are indeed our computers, our world. In addition, computers provide more learning opportunities. In addition to being an important source of communication, computers are great for search and research. For almost all of my school assignments that require research, I use a computer. Sometimes you can even find articles in library books online. Some people say that libraries are always the best place to find information, but I disagree. More than half the time, there is more information on the internet than I need. Research shows that @NUM1 of @NUM2 people say computers can answer their questions better than any library book. Also, computers make life easier. Computers have made life so easy. From typing to researching to communicating and even arranging travel, computers help make everyday chores easier. When I was in high school, she was assigned a homework assignment of @NUM3 words. First, it was a pain to count every word, and most importantly, it wasn't fun to write so much, so my cousin decided to just type. It saves time and is neater. She finished her typed article in @NUM4 hours and a loving friend finished her handwritten article in @NUM4 @NUM4/2 hours. It's easier on your computer. All in all, computers are beneficial because they are a great source of communication, they provide many learning opportunities, and they make life so much easier. Thanks for reading, I hope I have convinced you to agree with my position that computers are one of the most advanced technologies ever created and why they are so beneficial to society.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I agree that computers do have a positive effect on people. I agree, because being on a computer can teach you hand-eye coordination, help people understand distant places and people, and allow people to converse with other people. By being on a computer, it helps teach people hand-eye coordination. Therefore, the computer helps with hand-eye coordination by using the mouse and keyboard. For example, when you use a computer, you don't need to look at your hands while using the mouse. This helps with hand-eye coordination because you can see where your hands are without looking. Another example is the keyboard, because while learning where all the keys are, you memorize them. Then soon you can type without looking. Computers can also help you learn. When you use a computer, people use the internet. On the Internet, one can find information about distant places or people. So, because the computer has different links and websites, it helps children and adults all over the world to get information quickly. Without a computer, everyone has to go to the library, but what if they don't have the right information? Then you need to look around for a book. That's why computers are convenient. In addition, computers allow people to stay in touch with other people from farther away. An example is that people can join chat rooms or groups. So if relatives or friends are farther away from more people, or if they are on the street, chat rooms make it easier to talk. Also, through these chat rooms and groups, many people are happy to know that they can still talk to old friends or relatives instead of losing them because they have never been seen or spoken to. This is just another example of the positive impact of computers. So, helping teach hand-eye coordination with the help of computer examples makes it easier to get information, and there are many reasons and examples of why computers have a positive effect.
Dear local paper, a computer won't let you exercise, enjoy nature, or interact with your friends and family. If your family thinks yours, they can check the time limit on their computer. Spend a lot of time on it. If you have a time limit, people will have a certain amount of time to turn their computers on and off. For example, a kid is @NUM1 on the computer, you can't let them go, time constraints prevent it. The child is playing a game, and if there is a time limit, the computer will automatically log off when your time is up. This way your child will be back to normal next time. Computers can do a lot of things, you can play online games, chat with friends. Chat will allow you to talk to your friends from your computer without having to call them. Online games still allow you to chat with friends, but you can have an avatar that you can dress up and get creative with. For example, an online game allows you to chat and make friends,
@CAPS1. Computers are really good things! However, its effects on people can be bad. Think of it this way, it has the magnetism to draw people to it and keep them @CAPS3 for hours. These magnets stop people from exercising, stop them from spending time with family and friends, and most importantly, if they're not careful, they can get into some online dangers. I spoke to @CAPS2 of @PERSON2 and he said that @CAPS3 has so many people on their computers that people are not getting enough exercise! "@CAPS4 People don't get enough exercise, their bodies swell and get fat. This happens to normal people a lot. @CAPS2 and I came up with some great ideas at @CAPS3, we think there's one for @DATE1 We will live without any electricity for the week! Computers are very useful, they help spread important information quickly and can easily talk to friends and family. Even if you are talking to them, you will not learn any new social skills. On a computer Typing on a computer is very different from talking in person. Usually you would type "u" instead of "you" or "r" instead of "yes". Talking on a computer is great! @PERSON1 said, "But actually see me family and talk to them better. " @CAPS6, @CAPS7, @CAPS8 and many more attraction sites can put you in cyber danger! Cyber danger is @CAPS4, you're in trouble on your computer. This can happen @CAPS4 you post your own or someone else's Bad pics, @CAPS4 You talk to a guy you've never met or you say something really mean to that girl you don't like. Those situations can put you in a really tough situation. Even if you have a web page and You put it private @CAPS3 is always a way to get in. @CAPS3 is also known as cyberbullying. Cyberbullying is @CAPS4 where you are being bullied or bullied on the computer by another person. Don't assume no one will know @CAPS3 is the way to track conversations between people. I really hope you all think about this @CAPS4 You want to sit in front of your computer! Go out, spend time with family and friends, beware of online dangers!” @NUM1 "goodbye!"
Many people will disagree that computers are benefiting people. But I think computers are very useful because they're a great way to learn, they're fun to use, and they're a great way to talk to old friends. I know some people use computers a lot more than they should, but computers are still very useful. Computers are a great way to learn because on a computer you can easily find out what @CAPS1 of @LOCATION1 is. However, if you don't use a computer and go to the library, it can take hours to find the right content and find the right content in the book. You also get to know the news faster without having to write for the news channel. A computer is much better than driving to the library because with just a few clicks you can find what you want and get the job done. Computers are also fun because you can play small games on the internet that can easily take up the extra @NUM1 minutes you might need before a work break or school. There are even games that exercise your brain like card games, which are fun but hard. But some games people tend to overuse because of addiction. But most people never pray for such a game, or only play it once in a while. Finally, computers are a great way to keep in touch with old friends because there are many ways to talk to people online, like if your best friend moved away in high school, you would still talk to people in chat rooms you could send Short message. Or video chat where you actually see them face to face. In conclusion, I think computers are helpful because you can learn, play and talk to people. Computers are the most useful.
Dear @CAPS1 Local @CAPS2, I think computers have a positive impact on people. @CAPS6 Do you think it has a positive impact on people? Well, I'll give you @NUM1 reasons why you should say "@CAPS8" @NUM2) Teach hand-eye coordination @NUM3) Be able to learn and have your @CAPS3 online @NUM1) You can talk to people all over the world. These are @CAPS1 @NUM1 reasons. @CAPS1 The first reason is hand-eye coordination. If you have hand-eye coordination, you can @CAPS6 anything. This can help you find a job or even a sport you love. Hand-eye coordination is important because on @DATE1 everything happens via computer and phone. This is the first reason @CAPS1. @CAPS1 The second reason, how computers teach people. There are many sites on the internet on how to get your @CAPS3 online. You can take online courses. There are @PERCENT1 dropout rates and @PERCENT2 those kids don't have @CAPS3 so they go online and go to classes there. Computers can really help you. This is the second reason for @CAPS1. Finally, people go online to chat rooms to chat and meet new people. Meeting new people is a good thing for @CAPS6. You can learn about where and how the person lives. Chat rooms are cool. You can go online and talk to your friends without wasting your phone time. Computers can help in a number of ways. @CAPS1 One last reason. Ok, I'm done, but @CAPS6 do you remember that question I asked you? (@CAPS6 Does your computer have a positive impact on people?) @CAPS7 @CAPS6 What do you think? I want you to say "@CAPS8, they are a positive influence". But any way is @CAPS1 @NUM1 reason. PS I hope you go out and buy a computer after reading this! !
Dear @LOCATION1, @CAPS1, everyone feels that technology is getting more advanced every day. It's a good thing to help people with everyday problems, like @CAPS19, get answers to their questions, and the work of @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS2. The more advanced the computer, the more advanced the human being. First, computers can help people communicate by just imagining someone on the other side of the world. You can quickly communicate with typing using sites like @CAPS3 and email. I @CAPS4 love that @ORGANIZATION2 can quickly send their own live video around the world. Without these technologies, we would never see each other's faces, and we would only be able to use the phone. With the @CAPS5 book, you can also @CAPS6 @CAPS7 like never before. Have you ever been in a situation where you could ' @CAPS15 @CAPS6 @CAPS7 ? Well, I have @CAPS7 to upload easily in minutes. It used to be that @CAPS10 was going slow, @CAPS8, we would know minutes after it happened, thanks to computers. Computers can transmit information at almost the speed of light. It's also much easier to find @CAPS10. All you need is a @CAPS9 mouse @CAPS18 to find @CAPS10's biggest resivior ever. They are international @CAPS10, @CAPS11 @CAPS10, and more in the palm of your hand. @CAPS10 also spreads over the Internet via @CAPS12 and then @CAPS10 @CAPS14 or @CAPS15.V. They are also online @CAPS10 @CAPS14 like @CAPS16 @CAPS17 @CAPS18 and magazine like time. Do you ever feel uncomfortable, you don't want '@CAPS15 want to leave your house? Well, how did you do it all @CAPS19 online. Instead of going to the store to buy furniture or clothes, you just log on to your computer and have almost any store at your fingertips. Buy an entire @CAPS16 @CAPS20, @CAPS16 sofa, and even your groceries in just ten minutes. You can even buy a house or car online. @CAPS19 on the internet has literally changed the world in more ways than anyone could have believed fifteen years ago. For @CAPS21, computers make life easier for almost everyone who owns a computer. @CAPS1 computers are getting smarter and maybe they can also do incredible things like work for us and if we run out of @CAPS22 they will automatically buy things for us. @CAPS23 is endless.
Dear local paper, I have heard this about people being on computers. In my opinion, I don't think people should spend so much time on the computer for a few reasons. I think there's a reason people should spend less time on the internet and more outdoors. I think one reason people should spend less time on the computer and more time outdoors is so they can get more exercise. When you exercise, you can lose weight. You can also feel easier and better about yourself and you will be more active. Another reason why you should spend more time outdoors than at your computer is that if you don't, you're going to be very, very, very lazy. If you don't go out to play or exercise, you get tired. Also, you can become cranky and want to do what your parents tell you because your thoughts will so enter your computer screen. My last but not least reason is why we should spend more time outdoors than at the computer because we might miss out on ongoing family fun. Since people use computers a lot, they miss parties and social events. They @MONTH1 also missed family dinners and movie nights. If you don't want to miss out on the fun, I suggest you get some more cuclass and stop being a lazy couch potato. As you can see, there are many reasons why we should be spending more time outdoors doing activities like biking, going out to eat, or even walking our dogs. I really hope my opinion makes sense to you. I also hope you agree with me. thank you for your time.
@ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 Technology not advancing? asked four-year-old @PERSON2. There are countless reasons why people are spending too much time on the technology we already have, like computers. @CAPS9 wasting time on this device, people are not exercising, enjoying nature, and No quality time with friends and family. How many calories do you think you burn when you're in front of the computer for an hour? According to a study done by @ORGANIZATION2, one of the best universities in the world, you only burned @NUM1 Calories. To maintain a healthy weight, you have to burn at least @NUM1,000 calories per day! @LOCATION2, the average citizen of @LOCATION1 spends @NUM3 hours on the computer so that's @NUM4 calories. Even if they do the rest of the day Doing cardio, they also can't burn enough calories @CAPS9, you can only burn @NUM5 calories per hour in an average cardio class. If people can't maintain a healthy weight, they become obese, if they're obese, they Can have a heart attack, if they have a heart attack, they can die! @PERCENT2 of the obese @LOCATION4 die from a heart attack. No doubt computers are like poison, if you use it, you will get sick - but If you use too much, you'll die. Imagine - birds chirping in the trees, deer sipping from a cool pond. In the distance, a fox playfully chases a butterfly. If you You're lucky to have witnessed something similar in @PERCENT2 in @CAPS2." Fellow @CAPS3 @CAPS2, I painstakingly state this fact. As we speak, the rainforests of @LOCATION3 are being cut down. This is @CAPS9, @CAPS5 Never go out and smell the fresh air and see how beautiful the rainforest really is. We must stop them! " Pleading ex @CAPS6 @PERSON3 in international televised speech. Too bad only @NUM6 in every @NUM7 @CAPS2 could be related to kids info. @PERCENT3 in @CAPS2 never went out into nature. @CAPS9, people Who cares about nature and rainforests?" @CAPS9, rainforests are being mercilessly destroyed and animals are losing their homes. When a pool was assigned to @PERCENT3 people who never go out to enjoy nature, @PERCENT1 replied that it was @CAPS9 they were too busy spending time on the computer. The computer is a monster - it's killing our planet. " I love @CAPS3 mom. I @CAPS10 her every day before dinner," 8-year-old @PERSON1 said sadly. Using a computer can waste time with your loved ones, even if you are communicating with them on the computer. A @NUM5-year-old cancer patient, @ORGANIZATION3, on his deathbed wished he could change his life, replied, "I wish I didn't use a computer because I get to know @CAPS3's family and friends better! @ORGANIZATION3 died very late that day. Do you want to carry that burden until you die? No, you don't. In rehab, @ORGANIZATION4 asked patient @CAPS1, they started medication first, @PERCENT4 responded @CAPS9, They don't feel loved by their family. After they answered, they were asked @CAPS1 they don't feel love, @PERCENT5 which answered @CAPS9 their loved one is busy on the computer. Unless you want to send one of your sweethearts Get into the hospital or don't use a computer. Obviously computers are awesome tech devices. Yes, they do help with coordination, but you'd rather be fast than enjoy home and nature, and be able to catch the ball or be healthy, loving and love?"
Computers are very useful in many ways. I believe that computers can have a great impact on you. @CAPS5 lets you use @CAPS1, @CAPS2 and the cheap @CAPS3. Computers can @CAPS1 you in many interesting ways. A quick wat for @CAPS5 @CAPS1 is @CAPS4 helping other people plan @CAPS4 vacations with money. @CAPS5 also knows how to do different things like @CAPS6 when you get lost or show you how to get there with @CAPS1. The second way to help is to give @CAPS2. Computers can give you a lot @CAPS2. I use computer @CAPS4 @CAPS2 @CAPS7. @CAPS5 also provided me with @CAPS2 about @CAPS8 colleges, I will @CAPS9 and love to attend. The last way the computer helps it from there. If you @CAPS10 online, you can be on the computer. I @CAPS9 this machine because you don't have to buy something that just came out @CAPS4 really expensive @CAPS12 you can @CAPS10 and @CAPS11 @CAPS5 @CAPS4 cheaper @CAPS12 online. And @CAPS13 mom wants to buy @CAPS11 new @CAPS15 at the dealer, but @CAPS5 is expensive so buying @CAPS5 online is cheaper than selling @CAPS5 to us. This is how computers can come in handy when you need @CAPS5. That's why I trust the computer to you.
Dear local @ORGANIZATION1 paper I do think computers are good for society because if a student needs to write a European report they will be fine. Computers that provide more convenient information are projects to do at home. Computers are a great way to meet people online so you can stay social rather than unsocial. They also teach hand-eye coordination. So your eyes can't see more than anything. I also think computers are good for society because it motivates students to pass exams there or pass the school year and get motivated to use it. Computing is also a wealth of knowledge that allows kids to do better in subjects like history or science, you should agree with me because local @ORGANIZATION1 papers sometimes get information from the internet and use our computers @ORGANIZATION1 will be slow and .computers also have a positive effect on people because it teaches them the dangers of things and they can be more and the computer makes the fingers grip faster and the computer is aware of @ORGANIZATION1 or about the weather The fastest way, like if there's a snowstorm, you can check if you're in school.
Dear local newspaper, have you ever wondered how computers affect humans? Influence? result? educate? I believe that computers have a positive impact on people. Computers allow people to converse with others online, have the ability to educate in certain areas, and teach hand-eye coordination. Who says the only way to contact or communicate with someone is by letter or phone? The technology brought by the use of computers enables people to chat with others online in a fast, easy and enjoyable way. Got a question for a friend but someone else is using the phone? write a letter! Oh wait, today's letter may take up your time, your question is urgent! Computers are a simple form of communication. Let's say you're a great singer with a great voice and you want to find an agent the most. Computer technology is so advanced that they can instantly find an agent for you. You can contact the agent via email, website, @CAPS1, etc. Computers are a great way to communicate. The mind is an extraordinary thing. It can be full of knowledge and still have the ability to learn and understand more. Reading books is a great way to learn, but the internet has so much more to offer, you're not only reading one great writer, but a ton of great writers. Computers allow you to learn about distant places and important people without having to go to the library. Have you heard of online colleges? They advertise on @CAPS2.V. all the time. Some people @MONTH1 think studying at home, lying in bed with a laptop in front of them, is a distracting way to study. But what if you're comfortable and not being prompted by others around you? Computers can help you earn a college degree in a comfortable environment. Hand-eye coordinates are an excellent and wonderful thing. Besides video games, computer games can tell you exactly that. Parents @MONTH1 think our kids are wasting time playing games on the computer, but we are actually challenging our minds and hand-eye coordination. When it comes to mental learning, computers are key. Hand-eye coordinates are taught to us through games, so we play games unknowingly. Hand-eye coordination allows us to catch a ball or perform a movement, and computers help us achieve this.
@ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 research conducted over the past few years shows that people of all ages spend @PERCENT1's free time on the computer. This is becoming an issue in our state and country. Computers are taking everyone's life. An anonymous source said they used computers to contact old friends. A study shows that cell phone usage has declined as adults and teens prefer to email or instant message friends. This resulted in sitting in front of the computer screen waiting for a response. @PERSON1, a student from @ORGANIZATION2 said I use the computer once or twice a week. I'm not very good at using it because I'd rather hang out with all my friends than hide in a room by myself. "@CAPS2 People believe it's a more social way, but it really isn't t. It's just sitting in front of a screen and talking to people you @MONTH1 don't even know well. When you sit in your computer chair and start emailing , you're not doing any physical activity. @CAPS2 exercising people usually get up and go to the bathroom. Then they immediately go back to their chairs and do minimal movements. @PERCENT2 people who sit in front of the computer end up getting fat because they don't burn any calories .Because they don't release a lot of endorphins, they're not very happy. If they get up and get outdoors, they'll be healthy and happy. Usually, teens feel more empowered when they use a computer. They find it easier to violate The rules parents set for them. Teens are also more likely to bully other kids through int ernet or social networks. @NUM1 of @NUM2 students in @ORGANIZATION2 in @ORGANIZATION2 admit to being targeted by malicious cyberbullying. @ in @NUM2 NUM3 admit to being bullied and they definitely don't want to be bullied on facebook or myspace because everything is on your profile for your peers to see. Teens should have a limited amount of time on the computer so they don't do anything to them Things that will be regretted in the future. So adults and teens should realize that using a computer is okay, but they shouldn't overuse this luxury as a way to quickly find information or contact friends abroad. This generation needs to be reminded that their A lifetime should not be spent on the computer. Probably less than @NUM5 minutes a day checking email or instant messaging a friend. Then you should go outside and spend time with your friends and family.”
@ORGANIZATION1, with the latest developments in @MONEY1 technology in today's society, I know that @MONEY1 has a lot of controversy with computers. Many people believe that computers are a positive for our society. Others disagree. I think technology is good and bad. Technology has brought tremendous advancements to our world. But when people are surrounded by technology, they experience less of the outside world @MONEY1. But I think we can find a balance between the two viewpoints. Owning a computer has brought a lot of @MONEY1 advancements in today's society. Look at modern medicine, without today's computer technology, nothing would be possible. We can look at the military today. Computers actually run today's armed forces. But who knows where technology can take us. With the help of @MONEY1 computers, our society can continue to make great progress. But then again, we all wonder where we would be today without computers. So @ORGANIZATION1, as you can see, computers have greatly helped our society through improvements and advancements. But with all @MONEY1 this technique, we still need to find a balance. Today live @CAPS1 spends @NUM1 hours per week on PC. People don't @MONEY1 experience the world outside of their computers. Our state dedicates @MONEY1 to our parks every year so we can ignore them. Also, with the increase in computer time, people stopped going out. They don't get proper exercise. You @MONTH1 even noticed that if you use your computer too much, you will miss out on more interactions with your family. So while a computer can be very useful, you need to be able to turn it off and do the things that really matter in your life, except the computer. Computers are good and bad. But I think we need to find a balance between the two. Computers are useful in our daily lives, but at the same time we need to realize that we sometimes need to take a break from computers. Let's face it today without computers, we won't be able to work properly. The whole company revolves around computers and if computers just ended, @MONEY1 @MONEY1 people would lose their jobs. But ordinary people, like teenagers, don't need to spend four hours a day on the computer either. These four hours can be spent with the family. We need to find a balance. For example, you could say that for every hour you're on the computer, you need to spend the same amount of time outdoors, spending time with your family, etc. Computers are useful, but we cannot overuse them. So to @ORGANIZATION1, computers help our society thrive. But at the same time, we need to understand when there is enough time on the computer. So I believe everyone can call to find a healthy balance of @MONEY1 computer usage.
Dear local paper, computers are powerful machines in our world. Most people east, sleep, drink computer. That was when those people were forty years old and lived with their mothers, and most of the computers were used by teenagers and business workers. Computers are tools that are needed in our daily life. We all know and remember when we were "sick" so we could go to the office with mom and dad to draw and spin in office chairs. Well, when we're busy playing, Mom and Dad are busy too. They talk to their bosses, make copies, meet for coffee, and most importantly spend half a day working on their computers. It could be making a spreadsheet, designing a logo, editing someone, or getting a new client. About 90 percent of workers use computers to get work done. They need to send jobs to other companies at sea, or just a float. Most of the work in @LOCATION1 requires the use of a computer. Computers today are also beautiful because they have the Internet. The internet allows the use of talking to people all over the world and finding news, saddlery shops that are closing, the biggest shopping malls, the biggest racetracks near you, and pizza places near you. The Internet allows you to do many things. I know to hear in granby you have to get rid of the newspaper, but instead of the newspaper, you can check the news on your computer. Check out the weather, celebrity gossip, and what your mom told you about where the plane crashed. A computer can give you a lot of information, but only if you know how to use it. One of the things that I find great is that you can watch TV. and movies directly from your computer. Then you don't need to buy those high priced chanles to watch movies. You can see your favorite shows and actions. One big thing is that teens spend most of their time on Facebook, Twitter or myspace. Some of the advantages you get from these online sites are that you can chat with old friends and show them pictures of you and your family. You can let people know what you're doing, or tell them you're sad because your dog died. You can use the internet for almost anything. Finally, all you can do is buy music on your computer. You don't need to go out and spend @MONEY1 on an album, you can now buy a song for a dollar. You can buy a lot of things online, food on clothes. That's why computers
My opinion is that the more we stay on the computer. The more lazy we are. One of the reasons I say this is that the computer is a very handy person in reality. The second reason is that, aside from exercising, people stay home and sit at their computers. The third reason is that people are just sitting at home and not enjoying the fresh air with their loved ones. First of all, the reason I say a computer is a very handy person is because it can do most of the things a human can do. This can cause a person to be very lazy. Can only sit in the house and browse the website. It has a great impact on human life. Computer technology has controlled huge population numbers. It really cost them half the time. Second, people stay at home and play on the computer in addition to exercising. Sitting in front of a computer all day alone is very unhealthy. The person has to eat, basically they finish and sit back at the computer. It can stand out because computers allow people to add color to food online. So this is an example of people not getting ecersise and laziness. You need to get your ecersise every day. So people who don't get their ecersise need to start. Instead of sitting in front of a computer all day. Third, there are many people around the world who have many people they care about and love. "But" they don't have time with them because they're always on the computer. A computer shouldn't keep you from living outdoors. OK, then you can talk to your friends and family from your computer. It's never been like seeing them in person. Go out and have fun and happy memories with your family. Because computers are just text for texting. have nothing to say. I promise you this. If you spend time with your family, you'll want to do it again. When you're out and about exercising and interacting. All in all, it's not good if you're always calculating. Just set aside a few hours of the day. Get out there and have a great day. Because computers just make you lazy (@CAPS1 YOU). If you're always on the computer, make sure you get your ecersise and your time with your family. It will make you a better person!
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, computers have negative and positive effects on people. Many of us before us got through our daily lives without them. While computers have many good effects on people, the negative effects far outweigh them. For example, generations lived and died without computers, but it didn't affect them. Not only that, many children and adults in this center are obese due to the development of technology. Many people become obese because they were born with the technology, and after years or even days of sitting in front of a computer, they become lazy. They see computers as a necessity, not a form of entertainment. Even if computers keep people connected and keep them updated in their lives, that's the only reason computers matter. As a student, I use my computer to complete my homework. Everything I do on my computer involves typing or printing research. I can do these things with paper and pencil and ask people what I want to know. This is important because it shows that when people can do everything they need to do without a computer, they don't need to be wary of computers. Finally, there is no need for a computer when we have cell phones that keep everyone connected without computer games, chats, or profiles. Phones are also safe, so they don't get viruses, and strangers can't view your personal information and find out where you live. In short, a computer is not healthy, makes you sit, don't exercise, and isn't necessary.
When you use technology, it's usually work-related. Computers are used for writing papers, making powerpoints and research, it's more for their fun when people use them for facebook, myspace, @CAPS1 and other chat live oovoo and websites. I only use Facebook when checking my hockey schedule, which most kids use to chat. Then there's oovoo and online video chat for talking to friends, but why not just callem'up. When I think of facebook or oovoo, or even myspace, it reminds me of inappropriate pictures posted by kids and adults. I think it's very inhumane, and it's very dangerous to post ot because once you post it, you can never get it back. For example, I'm always hanging out when it's warm, and in winter I can understandably go to facebook, but there's no need to just hang out during @DATE1. Kids wonder why they gain weight, and if you step away from the computer and stop snacking, then you'll find you just need to be active. Some parents of kids don't really give their kids something to do all day. They don't care if their kids are @NUM1 lbs. @NUM2 years old. They don't care if their kids sit at the computer all day and eat. If I could tell you what it's like to be a couch potato, I would, but I never use a computer unless it's for homework. I just used the computer at @TIME1 and I typed all my homework except my math. I haven't played a game, I haven't checked my emails on the internet or anything I've worked hard and done. My conclusion is that using a computer is not a bad thing, using it repeatedly instead of exercising is a bad thing. Computers are not meant to be used for entertainment, they were not created to make your life easier. People pay for an expensive computer and motem and all the expensive tech accessories to make their life easier, and I don't say anywhere in this post about playing games because that's not the case. Games can be played outside, not indoors, and certainly not on a computer. To make life easier for everyone, kids, get rid of your laziness, get rid of those little kids, and stop playing with the computer.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 newspaper, have you ever wanted to see your @CAPS3 live across the country? Then a computer can do it. Influencing people in more ways is positive, like letting people communicate with family or friends from all over the world, or making everything easy to find them @CAPS4 Many people are quarantined and prevent them from talking to family/friends I do it by talking to them Chat or type to help them. People can now talk to relatives from the comfort of their homes without caring about what they look like. Computers also phone bills because calling @LOCATION1 your mom just keeps me chatting with her, just @CAPS5 you can see computers Some people also think computers give people a lot of access but it lets people know they are in my fall Looking for this in @NUM1 is good for schools. Or people @CAPS6 you can see computers let you find information you have at the time @CAPS7 computers don't or keep people away from family
@ORGANIZATION1, I think we should tell the people at @LOCATION1 the dangers of overusing computers. For example, people who use computers generally spend less time doing other things. Also, the longer you stay and the more you use it, the habit develops an addiction that can be difficult to quit. Finally, people who always play video games on the computer start to lose their sense of reality. Computers are turning this country into a bunch of mindless sloths. If you have kids, what do you think they do most of their lives. Maybe they're out for a workout, or maybe their brains are sucked into a computer screen. Most @NUM1 year olds have used a computer for more than @NUM2 hours. This shows that kids spend more time using computers than anything else. I have a friend named @CAPS1 who uses a @NUM3 computer and eventually he was so weak and scrawny from lack of exercise that you could break his arm like you would. Please, if you don't want your kids to be like @CAPS1 please tell them to get up and play outside. You might think that using a computer every day is not addictive, but computers can be as addictive as a drug. Scientists have found that using a computer for an hour a day is enough to develop an addiction. In fact, if we could scan people to find @PERCENT1 addicts in the @LOCATION2 population would be addicted to computers. This means that @NUM4 years from now, the world could become addicted to computers @PERCENT2 or higher. Do you want to live in a world where almost everyone uses their computer @NUM3, I don't. Video games are one of the greatest advances in computer technology, but also one of the deadliest. If you have a computer, you have video games. Small doses are fine, but playing it constantly can cause serious problems. Because of the fantasy content, people may start to ignore reality. For example, scientist tested a video game on children and now @PERCENT1 believes in zombies. Now they can't play the game anymore because it can cause serious brain damage. To make sure you get what I mean, let's recap. More computers means lack of exercise and socialization, you become addicted, you lose your sense of reality. I say you don't want to see your or your child's bright brains turned into mush by a computer.
Innovation in computing was a giant leap in discovery. Unfortunately, the negative effects of this magnificent invention detract from the novelty. Computers bring the plague of inactivity and disinterest in nature, or even inability to enjoy nature. Aside from this psychic destruction, this monster is the brutal cause of many relationship declines, who has time for online gaming with friends and family? As unique and interesting as the computer may be, it is slowly destroying the mind. Increased interest in monitors tends to lead to less focus on exercise and a drop in daily physical activity. While playing computer, @MONTH1's mind is racing and body is motionless, @CAPS1's activity is in progress. In fact, for some people, the addiction is scary enough that they move only to eat, to go to the bathroom, to go to bed, or when their parents need it. All day's food goes into the stomach with little to no burn. Meanwhile, in some more serious cases, the person is so obsessed that bedtime is delayed. Sleep is vital to the mind and body, and not sleeping can be harmful. Today, computers reduce the amount of sleep and exercise the body needs. Even nature was affected by the advent of computers. Few people go out to appreciate its beauty. Nature is a wonderful teacher about the cycle of life and the natural ways of the world. Often a parallel can be drawn between wild and tame. Just as people are attached to computers, they cannot fully experience the world. Some people think that plants and animals can be found online, but seeing a picture is different, almost cheating, compared to being next to a plant and being able to study it from all angles rather than in motionless form. The experience is different. Also, the computer is indoors, so the real world is derived from the view. Even now, when taking a laptop outside, users focus on the screen, not what's around them. Computers have seriously diminished the cult of nature. Even family and friends can be affected when a computer is around. Many people pay little attention to the conversation while concentrating on the screen. Often they only pretend to listen half the time. Even when chatting online with friends, the conversation is disjointed because the attention may be on another part of the internet. Normally, when having a conversation without a computer nearby, the brain is focused on what happened earlier in the day. Relationships are suffering, computers are failing. Computers suck in society, and it's increasing every day. Most of the work done on a computer, such as the study of faraway places, can easily be found in books. Computers lead to a lack of exercise, less time with nature, strained relationships, and a generally unhealthy lifestyle. Through it all, they have done little to give back to society. Why does the world continue to put up with computers and their negative effects on humans?
Dear @CAPS1, More and more people are using computers, but that's not a bad thing. Students are tired and bored when they come home from school and do not want to go out to exercise. Students would rather go to the computer. When students use computers, they can chat with friends, listen to music, or learn about far-flung places. First, students would chat with their friends on the computer. In winter, students cannot go out to exercise. Students can pick up their laptops and chat with friends from the comfort of their desks. Maybe a friend can help with homework. Going out in winter can make students sick and miss school days. Second, students like listening to music. Music is an important part of the student because the lyrics to music can express themselves. Students @MONTH1 are dancing to their favorite song. Dancing is a sport and adults do say we need more movement. Students can also play very soft music instead of not doing homework at all. Third, students can learn about distant places. When I type www.google.com on my computer and want to know where I want to go, other students may want to know about places they've never been. Italy, France, @LOCATION1 and more where people want to go. They want to know some places before going. Anyway @CAPS1, more and more people are using computers, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. Yes, students should exercise, but keep exercising. When students use the computer, they can chat with their friends. Second, students can listen to music. Third, they can learn about distant places. @CAPS1, it's not a bad thing for students to be on a computer.
Dear newspaper, I know there is a heated debate about whether computers are good for soscity, but to me the answer is hateful. The internet is a very useful invention, used in all schools and only inconvenient when abused. I'm not saying every house needs @PERCENT1, I'm saying it's a luxury that most people have. The combination of computers and the Internet is probably one of the most ingenious ideas ever conceived. It's basically any information in the click. Websights like myspace and facebook allow you to connect and reconnect with old and new friends. The ability to create your own webpage is also very useful when trying to promote a bisnuess or company. Not only that, but the internet has made it possible for people to buy clothes online without having to go to a store. I know it's useful for those parents, like many people who hate driving to the mall. Secondly, I can tell you that almost every school in the country has a work computer with internet access. Computers are just one giant leap in education. These are many websites that are used only for educational purposes. These are sites for children and adults of any age. Many teachers now assign assignments where the Internet is required. Tests such as the blue ribbon test are also conducted online. I can tell you right now that mant teachers would be torn apart without a computer. Finally, one of the most important questions. Disadvantages of the Internet. Although myspace and facebook are perpetuated, they also have a dark side.
Dear @PERSON1 editor, I think computers have both positive and negative effects, but more positively. For example, when people come home from get off work or school, they immediately turn on their computers, check email, work or play games. I think it's good to connect with friends and learn about distant nature and people we can't see, but too much can be bad. I know it's going to be bad because it leads to a lack of exercise and the computer cuts you off from family and friends if you play too much, I think it's good to use the computer for a limited amount of time every day, and also with family Spend time outdoors with friends. A computer is good because it offers all the extraordinary things and things you can learn. I myself like to play video games on it like Bubble Spinner but at the same time I will be on Facebook which allows me to connect with friends and family and the Bubble Spinner helps with hand eye coordination and when projects come up I usually Will do all my research there, get info on every site. I also wrote everything on it so it doesn't look messy but clean and tidy. The computer also provides videos of almost everything from TV and others, such as youtube or google videos. The computer allowed me to see nature, talk to friends and family, and let me see things, like videos, that I would never see in a book. These suggest that the positives of computing outweigh the negatives, and we should take advantage of the new technology we have, not let it go to waste. A computer is a great place to go home and relax. People say you don't get enough exercise, but we have gyms and recess at school, we get exhausted at work, and that's more than enough exercise for a day. A computer is a great piece of equipment that almost everyone uses every day by now. So depriving you of your connection to nature and family isn't so bad because it lets you see it anyway. Its impact on people is good because it brings knowledge and communication. I hope you can see my point.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 is very dangerous to modern society and how we relate to them. So I believe these bad things should be handled well. There are good reasons to ponder the idea that at this time, we need to be close to nature while it is still here. Next today we have very low interaction, if you're talking about actually talking to people and because of the computer, it makes @CAPS3 a lot lazier with nothing to do. Finally, @CAPS2 is harmful and expensive, don't ignore the fact that the environment is falling apart. The way nature goes to us will eventually die for the computer. First off, how bad is @PERCENT1 in a computer that @CAPS3 owns today. In the US, only @PERCENT2 is nature with beautiful forests, but as people reappear, more forests will disappear forever due to expansion. So be one of @NUM1 in @NUM2 instead of standing by and looking at the great things the earth has to offer. Next these computers our little robots are really taking over the world and it's becoming very dangerous because it's destroying the ability of humans to breathe this is because there is a hipno disk in all computers that keeps us close like lethal Drugs that suffocate us. Terrible addiction. In the end @PERCENT3 died due to @CAPS2 overloading and if they took a breath every @NUM3 mine would save all lives I mean an average of @NUM4 hours a day you watch @CAPS2 take time out to set goals Say @NUM5 hours. This addiction kills us knowing how to talk about it. Second, millions of people live on computers where @LOCATION1 @NUM6 is ours, and just when you think every @NUM7 is done by only one of them, the rest are killed by chats on @CAPS2 Die and let their lives flow out the window. Now the interaction is detrimental, as you already know, but you forget that @NUM8 does something else on the internet every day, like downloading music, they shouldn't be put on hold for @NUM9 years because of this discussion about iteration , with the police. Finally, online interactions like myspace, they satisfy sexual predators who can only come to your house at a certain time and take you out of danger. That's a harmful job. Finally, the dangers of a world like this and how the government can screw you up. These people are considered crazy and dangerous lay people who want to get you. One in every @NUM11 can't keep up with payments. Next, did you forget about the other @PERCENT3 without a computer who lived their lives on the edge of myth with @CAPS4. In the end, unfortunately, those @PERCENT1 who stick with computers are likely to die in the next @NUM12 years as computers pass to your brain. In short, the world is probably one of the angriest. So come and find a friend from time to time to go for a run. Not having friends to see your family is not one of those real meanings. Remember the dangers of the @CAPS2 world and how it wants your money. Now all we need to do is attack the bot back. People should lose @NUM9 pounds or more of some obesity from sitting down all day. Remember, if you throw that zombie @CAPS2 room away, the world will live on. Go outside and take a road trip to save the lives of humanity your fellow niebor your family.
Dear reader, @CAPS1 brought to my attention the debate about whether computers are good for society. This question is debatable, but I really don't think computers help the big picture. I don't think they're good for our health or social behavior because computers keep us inside when we can go out. Every day when I get home from school, I find myself walking right in, and from there on to the computer, logging into @CAPS2 and @CAPS3. For the next @NUM1 hours or so, my workout volume is at my fingertips. My point is that there is a whole world out there and we just leave the computer and play outside. Statisctis shows that @NUM2 kids spend more time indoors throughout the year than they do outside now. “It’s absurd how much @CAPS1 has changed in just @NUM3 years.” said @PERSON1, a pediatrician at @LOCATION1, “They all need exercise.” @CAPS1 is creepy how many people are using it now Computers, @CAPS1 are starting to influence their attitudes and take control of their lives. Sometimes checking notifications on @CAPS3 can be more important to someone than spending time with family or friends. Mom of @NUM4 teens said: "They all go to their room, close the door, continue @CAPS3 and @CAPS6 until dinner, then they go right back." In this case, they just plug in their computer and forget about the others all. I think @CAPS1 has gotten out of hand, especially with how many people and teenagers are addicted to computers. 1/@NUM4 Mom says she sees her kids away from family because of the computer. You @MONTH1 say that while penpals are great when you're talking to you on your computer, you should really go out and do something! You're talking about your friends, but it's not the same as being with them. On my recent ski trip to @LOCATION2, I found some of my friends had more fun joking when you were with her, not just sitting on the computer. We have fun! Now I regret not hanging out with her. Now there are also @NUM6 parameters related to misunderstandings going through the computer where people @MONTH1 get an error message when you send them something, or they receive @CAPS1 the wrong way. The truth is that computers are starting to have a negative impact on our society, even destroying relationships. We can turn things around if we just leave our computers and walk away.
Dear local paper, I am writing you a letter explaining why I don't think a computer is suitable to own. My three supporting arguments are that if you're constantly looking at a computer, you're likely to gain weight and become obese. You'd rather be on the computer than hang out with your family, and you'll end up without any friends to talk to. Read on to hear my story. First, if you're always on the computer, you're not going to get up and go out for a while because it doesn't really matter to you. Also, you will have to eat, and when you quit, you will want to eat more. Then you start getting overweight because you don't want to exercise. Second, you'll spend less time with your family. You'll think you'll hang out with them later. So you play more and get addicted. Then you and your family will be separated. You feel lonely because you gave up your family just to play games on the computer. My last reason for this is that you won't have friends. I don't think you're going to have friends because if you're on the computer all the time, you don't even bother to go to the park or go to the gym, to try and play sports, then you're not going to meet anyone. The only friends you're most likely to have are friends on your computer. You never meet in real life, nor do you socialize and hang out with the life around you. In conclusion, I don't think owning a computer is a good idea because you'll get fat, you'll spend less time with your family, and you won't have any friends to talk to. I hope you enjoy this letter and take it into consideration.
Dear local newspaper, in my opinion computers are everything, they give you a lot of things to do like play chess, listen to music and even download your favorite movies. First, computers are a great source of communication because if you have a distant relative who lives in @LOCATION1, you can talk to them online. You can do this via email. IM and @CAPS1. Second, computers allow you to search the web. So if you need to find some directions to your destination, or want to learn about some faraway places like @LOCATION3, @LOCATION2, @LOCATION4 or my favorite @CAPS2 @CAPS3, you can do it because The web lets you do this. Third, they are a great source of entertainment. Well, because you can watch your favorite @CAPS4.V episodes. display, or you can watch a music video. You @MONTH1 also enjoy listening to music on your computer for your personal entertainment. I think computers are great. I use them myself as an example, I like to download music from my computer to my ipod. Then I can enjoy music from my ipod. Last but not least, the @CAPS5 computer has a big impact on most people. I believe if we didn't '@CAPS4 have computers, then our world' @CAPS4 would be the same. So I say leave the computer here. They finish us all.
I think computers have a bad influence on people. I think there are many reasons, and I'll tell you some of them. One reason is that you can't work out on a computer all day, you'll only get worse. Let's say you're @NUM1 years old, when computers came out, you bought one and used it every day, not healthy. Then, if you don't have exersize, you're going to get bigger and bigger. Another reason if you only use a computer for research I say this is because there is no reason to use a computer all day a good reason is if you have some kind of school or work project than just using your computer for facebook or myspace. Then if it does the same thing multiple times, some kind of diesel might happen. You don't want to do that because if you don't use your computer a lot and you play a certain sport somewhere, like soccer, baseball, or any other type of sport. Plus, if you had some kind of surgery on it, that would cause you to pretty much not be able to do everything with that hand. My last reason is that your virus is connected to its computer. If you do, your computer may lose everything. Then you have to get a new computer and everything. If you bought a new computer and someone could hack your computer and get all the information from it. Then how about the information they like. If you don't know someone, you don't know what they can do. So I hope you don't buy something with a very serious virus. These are the reasons why you shouldn't use your computer too much and why it doesn't really help you when you're doing research or any other type of work or work-related way.
@ORGANIZATION1, ore and more people use computers @DATE1, but that's not necessarily a good thing. Spending too much time on the computer can affect your activity level. Also. Children are now staying up late on the computer, which in turn lowers their grades. Finally, spending too much time on the computer reduces the time spent with friends and family. First, spending too much time on the computer can affect your activity level. The more time a person spends on the computer, the less time a person spends doing activities, like someone exercising @PERCENT1 spends more than @NUM1@NUM2 hours a day on the computer, if they spend around @NUM3 hours exercising Or take part in a sport that reduces the number of people to @PERCENT2, according to a recent study. Doctors say at least @PERCENT3's overweight parents spend most of their time on the computer, limiting their time to exercise. Amounts spent on computers have been shown to reduce activity levels and affect the number of overweight and obese people everywhere. If we want to be a healthier nation, we should state @CAPS5 time spent writing on computers. Also, kids are now staying up late on the computer and getting lower grades than @CAPS5. More time spent anywhere on @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 means less study time, which means lower grades. Kids spend an average of @NUM3 @NUM2 hours a day on the computer, and kids spend @NUM6 @NUM2 hours a day. One of @PERSON2's students saw their grades improve from @CAPS3+ to @CAPS4+, it's just that @CAPS5 spends less time on the computer, etc. That student network also feels more because they have more computers. Here are tests and quizzes. Computers clearly have a negative impact on grades and academics. Finally, computers limit the time spent with family and friends. A student named @PERSON1 said she spends more time hanging out with her friends because my computer is not always on, @CAPS5 does that and my friendships with all my friends are better than ever. “A child who uses a computer in all their free time spends less time with friends than someone who uses a computer in moderation. Families also suffer from this bloat. If one family member spends all their time on the computer, the other Members will have less relationship with them because they are not talking or doing anything together and they may not know what is going on in their life or if there is a problem. As you know, computers can also negatively affect them with their family and Friendships. Excessive computer use is not good for society. They affect one's activity level, student achievement, and most importantly, one's relationships with family and friends. To make our country a better, better place Health, the time we have to spend on the computer."
In my opinion, computers are good for science, that's my reason, I can chat with friends, I can do my homework, or I can do something older on the computer. first reason i can talk to my friends or i can talk to my family on facebook or myspace or i can see my family in the camera msn the camera is very helpful for me because my family Instead of sending pictures and videos or visiting @LOCATION1, I chat with them every @DATE1 at @LOCATION1. The next reason I can do my homework I can write a big letter I can do a lot of work on the computer is and easy. The last reason, I can do many things like find problems or work on projects.
Computers are good things, but they're terrible if you don't know how to control your time. Many @CAPS3 days don't get enough exercise and the lack of fitness is costing @CAPS1 taxpayers millions. Also, people don't enjoy life as much as they do if they don't use computers all the time, and there are many who completely cut off contact with family and friends. I'm pretty sure that by the time you read this, you'll be 100% convinced that the impact of computers on people is bad. First, many people spend a lot of time on the computer, not outdoors or on tasks. This effect on people is something we need to start controlling because many people are very overweight and don't get enough exercise to stay healthy. Because so many people are under load, it costs taxpayers millions of dollars. For example, @CAPS2 @PERSON1 talks about healthcare and the simple solution to reduce costs is to get people to exercise. more often in order to stay healthy. As technology that affects our lives, we used to remember that staying healthy was more important than sitting at a computer all day. Except that people are not people who do not enjoy life so much, you only live once, life is very special, so why sit all day? I've had a lot because they've been there for all @CAPS3 There's a lot to do in life and they'll give you more fun than playing on a computer. Need, I can tell you, your life will not be your happy life. Finally, when people talk about too many people, computers make many people the main point of view for family and friends. While computers are an easy way to communicate with people, they shouldn't be your only tool for talking to friends and family. As you can see, computers are enabling us to live healthy lives because our priorities for health are low. They also keep you from enjoying life to the fullest and can separate you from friends and family when you are out of control. I'm pretty sure I've convinced you not to spend too much time on the computer. So next time you use your computer, think about all the things you missed in your life!
Dear Newspapers It seems to me that computers benefit us in many different ways. Computers are fun, computers help us educate, and health/safety purposes are great. People love to be entertained. Computers are fun. Sell computer games in an electronics store. These games are usually good. Most computer games are not brain-damaging games, not. My friend @PERSON2 bought a computer game last week. @CAPS4 said @CAPS3 is very fun but not brain damage. Everyone loves watching @CAPS1.V. People can now watch @CAPS1.V on their computer. Not only is this fun, but @CAPS3 will save money because @CAPS1 doesn't need @CAPS1.v. Now people can download @CAPS1.v. Shows and movies on your computer. @PERSON1 just bought a new computer for his birthday last week. "@CAPS3 is so much fun watching @CAPS1.v. on my computer, @CAPS3 is so easy." @CAPS4 explained. LEARNING FROM @PERSON1 I hope you understand how entertaining computers can be. At school, we use computers all the time. If we didn't have computers, we wouldn't be learning the same things. On his new computer @PERSON1 can complete all his projects and assignments on @CAPS3. Before @CAPS4 had his computer, @CAPS4 had to write all his papers, and when @CAPS4 was done, @CAPS4 took so long to write that @CAPS4 couldn't finish the rest of his homework. Now @CAPS4 can't enter @CAPS3, all other jobs can still be done. If you think this is amazing, read this. Research done by @ORGANIZATION1 found that @PERCENT1 kids who have computers are smarter than they were before. "I got all the @CAPS5 when I didn't have a computer. Now I get credit for my computer on my transcript." @PERSON1 said. I hope people can now buy computers like @PERSON1. Do you want to have a smarter world? Computers have opened up a news-wide field of health and safety. You @MONTH1 know a little about genetics. It will take @CAPS3 about @NUM1 years to crack our genetic code without computers. All that scientists have learned from the Human Genome Project can cure cancer and other diseases. Computers are also safe to keep your kids safe. New technology can track children. If something unfortunate happens and your child goes missing, a computer can help find him. Last year @DATE1, a new mom lost her baby while having lunch in the park. She knew she had a chip in the child's body. She opens her laptop and finds where her baby is. Amazing right. I want everyone to have a computer for health and safety reasons. I hope you can now see that computers benefit society from health and safety to schooling. Without computers, we wouldn't be what we are today.
Dear @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 The purpose of this letter is about how computers can make our lives better. They improve our society. Changed the way we live and made things easier. I firmly believe that the computer is one of the greatest inventions of all time. Computers have had a very important and positive impact on society. For example, education has greatly expanded since the advent of computers. Both teachers and students benefit greatly. Students can now search the Internet to learn about different places, historical things, how to read and write, and more. In addition, computers have become an important part of entertainment. From reading online news to watching movies and listening to music, computers entertain us all. Computers help us connect with friends and even meet new ones. Beyond that, computers make life easier. One can earn a degree through online learning. Research is also easier than a computer, and you can almost make it easier than a computer. Some say computers prevent people from moving around with their families, but the truth is you can still. Computers also have our lives. From helping small businesses thrive by making and receiving orders more easily, to helping spread information across the globe, computers make it all possible. As I have shown, computers have benefited society and positively impacted humanity, from educating individuals to keeping in touch with loved ones, and computers have played an important role in improving the way we live. I hope this letter helps you understand that computers are an integral part of the 21st century.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I think owning a computer is very positive. I know teens use computers a lot, but if it really bothers parents, why do they have computers in their homes? @CAPS3, I can tell you @NUM1 why. They're a great source of information, a great way to talk to friends, and give you information about places you might not know. First of all, I would like to say that computers are an excellent source of information. They can tell you anything! It's also helpful because if you're working on a project and your mom can't let you borrow books at the library, go for it! A computer is just an easier way to find information. Did you know that @PERCENT1's parents buy a computer for their family and don't regret their decision? Almost all parents in @LOCATION2 are like this! @CAPS6 As you can see, it helps kids learn anything. Second, our teens today use computers to chat with our friends @ORGANIZATION1 email @CAPS3, which I think is much better than sending @CAPS4! Why are you waiting for a letter from your cousin @LOCATION1. When you can talk to them in seconds! If you just @CAPS5 to buy, it's cheap and if you @CAPS5 to someone, you can also go to map guests. @CAPS6 For those who don't matter to computers, do you have one? In conclusion, I think having a computer is a very important thing for @NUM1 reson, they are a very good source of books that help us communicate with our friends, and for everyone about @CAPS6 with you Give your opinion, hope you can learn something better than and choose the right thing
Almost every home has access to a computer. Even if you have to stay at home, they have become a part of life and part of your life away from home. Computers are a source of vast amounts of knowledge from millions of sources. They have caused exponential progress. Overall, computers have a positive effect. On rainy days, @NUM1 students spend time on their computers. Among these students, @PERCENT1 will appear on sites such as AIM (@CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3), @CAPS4, @CAPS5 or @ORGANIZATION2. They can communicate with old and new friends even when they can't use their phones or are away from home. Teens and adults use @CAPS6 to chat with friends they haven't seen in @NUM2 years. People will talk to each other more, build more relationships and have better conversational skills. Websites used by more than @NUM3 teens based on the @CAPS8 network. Being able to easily converse with people from miles away is a sign of great progress. @ORGANIZATION1 is a multi-million dollar company. @PERSON1, who represents @ORGANIZATION1, said that sites like @ORGANIZATION1 have skyrocketed in popularity on @DATE1. More and more people are putting down their @PERSON2 dictionary and entering the word into @LOCATION1, where it is pronounced and easier to find. Students use computers to obtain school report information for @CAPS7, @CAPS8, @CAPS9, @CAPS10, or @CAPS11. Information can be found on any topic. Do a survey to see which is more commonly used, books with specific topics or computers for information or various topics. Computers are used more frequently. They are faster than books and easier to search @CAPS6 resources. And say you can add sights of particular interest or usefulness to your favorites. Computers are more useful than books. Picture of the science lab that sent the space shuttle to the moon with @NUM4 major component computers. The addition to @ORGANIZATION3 shows that their computers are getting smaller. There's a laptop that fits in an envelope and a handheld touchscreen computer that fits almost in your pocket. You can type essays and assignments so they are easier to identify. Computers can even score tests. Progress is computer-centric. Before the advent of computers, many of the things we do now seem impossible. But computers have opened up a realm of possibilities. In some cases, typing is faster than handwriting, and papers can be saved electronically. If our country continues to advance at this rate, it is possible to have computers to do everyday chores like take out the trash or do the dishes. There may be computers that talk to you like a real conversation. People can learn more and more information and make personal progress intellectually. I look at the computer and think about progress. Computers have some imperfections, but in general, computers are good for society. From your computer, you can access friends old and new, as well as information from millions of sources. Most importantly, computers represent progress and progress, and I don't think computers are directly harmful.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, The use of computers benefits society due to its positive impact on people. Examples include good hand-eye coordination, the ability to understand distances and people, and the ability to chat online with family and friends. Did you know that teens who use computers a lot have better test scores than teens who don't use computers regularly? This is because they are able to see definitions, research and understand anything they need faster. Additionally, family and friends living across the country can stay connected via email, video chat and Facebook. It's fascinating to realize that using a computer can improve your hand-eye coordination. You might be wandering about what's going on here and think I'm crazy, but for good reason. Since I play basketball, volleyball and softball, hand-eye coordination is very important. A cold winter @DATE1 @TIME1. I'm writing a long history paper and @CAPS1 paper, which means countless hours of typing on a computer. I go to my basketball game at 5pm, @CAPS2 The best game of my life is the players. Then, a week later, we played another game, but this time I went straight from church. So I didn't play that well. Missed a lot of passes and shots. This proves to me that using the computer, my hand-eye coordination has improved. Can you imagine being able to learn about people in far-flung places, their cultures, morals and religions? Well, now with the advancement of technology, this is entirely possible. Historically, we are studying the world hunger crisis in our allies. By learning about this hunger, I was able to start a fundraiser at my church. @PERSON1; @CAPS2 Teens like me don't eat for @NUM1 hours. Research proves that @NUM2 children in African countries die every day from malnutrition. Now that this has been brought to my attention, I will be working four hours a day and even giving these innocent children a portion of my consumption. So by using the computer, I was able to understand the pain that those kids were going through, and now it's mine. Do you have family members you rarely see across the country? My aunt and uncle live in @LOCATION3 and they are lucky to have a beautiful baby boy @LOCATION4. Since we are only happy for their presence every year, we start to miss them. But now via Skype, email and facebook we are able to keep abreast of the success and development of @LOCATION4 and their recent trip to @CAPS2. Also @PERCENT1 as a group of teens in @CAPS3.S, @CAPS4 spend at least four hours a day tweeting or using Facebook to keep in touch with their friends. I recently moved from @LOCATION2 to @LOCATION1 and staying connected with my friends there is very important to me. These are the people I grew up with and knew from birth. The use of a computer allows me to keep in touch with friends and relatives far away. All in all, the use of computers is beneficial to society due to improved hand-eye coordination, the ability to understand distant places and people, and the ability to communicate online. Through the internet, people can find out where @LOCATION2 is cycling and exercising while enjoying nature. Also, when family and friends want to spend time together, they need to plan logistics without email and online, which is nearly impossible. Thank you for taking the time to read this article and I hope you will take my opinion into account when discussing the subject of computing.
Dear local paper, I think you are wrong! ! I totally disagree with this letter. People need computers to do research. It also helps us stay in touch with others. Another thing is that @CAPS1 can get whatever is needed. First, @CAPS1 needs a computer. @CAPS1 needs computers to help us with our research. You can go online instead of picking up a book. It's faster and easier. Also, you can look up information about any place or any item and it will help you. That's the benefit of @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 having any information. Next, the @CAPS2 @CAPS3 network is also used to keep in touch. For example, instant messaging. You can also chat on @CAPS5 or @CAPS6. You can even enter chat rooms. But remember, know who you're talking to because it could be a stranger. In any case, you can easily talk to people or "stay in touch" using the internet @CAPS7. Finally, @CAPS7, you know the internet is for research and conversation, but also for getting whatever you want. You can surf the web and get pictures, games, videos, music and even directions to a place. The internet is also used to have fun. I mostly use it for ypoutube, @CAPS5 and google for images. You can basically look up anything online and it will most likely be available to you. In short, the web is for research. Also good for chatting. In the end, basically anything you want. That's why @CAPS1 should have internet, because you can still go online but have fun outside. But maybe one should cut back a bit on @CAPS8.V. Now you see why I chose this side? Maybe in the future there will be a way to do it on a computer, but do it aggressively.
Dear Editor, I believe that computers are an essential part of modern life and prove themselves to be available every day. Many times, we don't even think about using a computer, it just becomes a part of our daily life. We use computers in many ways every day, sometimes to keep in touch with friends from afar, to learn about and experience far-flung places, or @MONTH1 to practice hand-eye coordination. Computers are so beneficial to our lives that we may not be able to live without them. Most people have experienced the actions of a friend or relative, and when this happens, not all hope is lost for staying in touch with you. Many computers these days have built-in webcams that don't just allow you to receive emails. Using these systems, you can actually get images of your fry or relatives. Even Oprah Winfrey uses the webcam feature on her computer to let people watch her show "via Skype." Beyond that, there are many other ways to stay connected, even if you have an older computer and have one. These relatively new "social networking families" include facebook, twitter, and more. Every morning when I wake up at the sports center, I'm always talking about famous posts or Twitter pages. This is just another great use for computers. Not many people in this economy will spend thousands of dollars to go to beach paradise, but with a computer, you can go there virtually. Computers are great at this because they allow you to learn and experience a lot of expensive stuff. For example, if you want to know something about India, you don't have to go to your local library to borrow a book, you can just type a lot of this and you can access the information you might need. This also proves valuable if you study in a dissertation. A computer is just a great way to get information without leaving home. Hand-eye coordination is an important skill that many people lack. It lets you throw baseballs, play video games, and even drive. Many computer skeptics think you won't benefit from using a computer, but a recent study by @LOCATION1 News & Reports shows that people who use computers have better hand-eye coordination than computer users. While driving, you often need to operate the car, turn up the radio volume, and pass the goldfish on to your child, so this may be the place to improve hand-eye coordination. Hand-eye coordination is an important skill and is further developed through the use of computers. In conclusion, computers are good for hand-eye coordination and communication as well as for accessing information or topics. The computer is one of the most important computers of all time and has value in many ways.
I think using a computer is fine. You should follow my advice and people should use computers. Computers are a great way to communicate. People can connect with other people from all over the world. My dad moved to Brazil, so we've been communicating via @CAPS1-mail, @CAPS2 and even facebook. This is the easiest and cheapest way to communicate. If I call someone in another country, I'll pay more, but if I @CAPS1-mail them, it's cheaper. @LOCATION1 University research shows that @PERCENT1 people find it easier to communicate using a computer. What's more, you can do this instantly, so it can get information anywhere in milliseconds. Computers are really the best way to communicate. Another thing computers are used for learning. Many people from all over the world have learned different languages from wedding websites or courses with good instruction and lessons. I learned to play guitar through many programs and online courses. Many people rely on computers to obtain information and understand things. My mother is a secretary for an insurance brokerage firm. Without computers, customers cannot understand different policies and they mistakenly think they will spend more money than they need to. Without computers, scientists can't do much research or learn about plants or rocks. Computers make it easier for them to learn and understand @LOCATION2 and everything. Doctors wouldn't be willing to do half the work without a computer. They learn about different diseases and fractures by using computers. @PERSON2 said she couldn't help that many people without the use and help of a computer, she said she learned about @PERCENT2 from websites that have information about the human body. Even teachers say they set better teaching skills through the website. Architect and modern designer @PERSON1 says he has learned about different architectural designs that are stronger and stronger, which he uses in his buildings today. I hope you can see how great computers are and how helpful they are to our citizens today.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2, do you think this is the best technology to date? computer! They are the best technology because you can do anything on your computer. My friend said computers are one of the best technologies for @ORGANIZATION1 because the internet can help a lot of @ORGANIZATION1 things like if you have research papers. Research has proven that computers have a positive impact on people. My mom said the computer is one of the most powerful tools in the world @ORGANIZATION1. @PERCENT1 @ORGANIZATION1 My friend said the computer is one of the best @ORGANIZATION1 because you can get help with homework from the internet. They say it's for people to talk to other people online. They say they can interact with family members who live far away. They also say that more teens @ORGANIZATION1 are on the street and at home when using computers. Dr. @ORGANIZATION1 has done extensive research and proven that it is possible to teach you hand-eye coordination on a computer. Another thing he proved is that since the invention of the computer, the rate of violence has dropped because more people are spending their time on the computer at home rather than on the street. He also demonstrated that success rates in school grades have increased significantly since people started attending school. He thinks they've gone up because @ORGANIZATION1 students read long, boring articles about someone or something they can search on the internet. He said using the internet can also save more time. When my mother, syas, was young, computers allowed her to see faraway places. My mother said that the Internet can also let you know people's customs, not reading books, because some books have not been updated, and you also want to know their latest customs. My mom believes that using a computer has a positive impact on the world. @CAPS1, you did a great job writing at work. My friends say computers are helpful, studies have shown that computers have reduced the percentage of violence, and I also think computers have a positive effect on us. I know you'll agree with me that having a computer has a powerful impact on people, it makes people's lives easier.
Dear local paper, the folks at @CAPS1 @PERCENT2 will agree that computers are useful, and having them helps them understand the power of being far away. They also allow people to chat with other people online. Finally, computers are important to the @CAPS2 people they work with. I believe there are many reasons why computers are good for our society. Did you know that computers enable people to know where they are far away? Sometimes people, don't know when they want to leave the country. With a computer, you can organize everything. Some people like my family and like to visit family elsewhere, @CAPS2 example, once my mom told me we were going to @LOCATION1 to visit our family, she told me she had bought tickets on the computer. When we went I'm so happy to see how beautiful @LOCATION1 is. Some people like to see new and beautiful places. For example @LOCATION3, @LOCATION2 or even @LOCATION4. Let me tell you how computers let people talk to other people online. Most people have my space, which allows kids my age to stay connected. Also, you can use facebook with people you probably haven't seen in a long time. @CAPS2 Example, I was looking around on facebook once and found my old best friend @PERSON1. I'm so happy because when she moved, I thought I'd never talk to her again. I @PERCENT1 sure everyone in this world has a Yahoo and you can find people and talk to them very quickly. Do you believe there are so many jobs and responsibilities that require you to have a computer? Like scientists, they all have to have computers or they won't be able to invent all the great things they do. Also, secretaries have their boss assigning dates @CAPS2. @CAPS2 Example, Secretary @CAPS2 Doctor must be able to offer and change appointments. Finally, students who go to school, and most importantly collage without a computer, will not be able to complete their homework. Most people would agree that computers have a positive effect on people. The reason @CAPS2 was able to give them an idea of where to stay away, so that people could talk to other people online. Computers are very important to the people who use them.
Dear newspaper, @CAPS1 can find information on anything with just one hand. Computers benefit people because they can chat with others online. People also have the advantage of knowing far away places. Finally, you can find a lot of information quickly and easily. Computers do benefit society. Also, with computers, people can easily chat with others online. All @ORGANIZATION1 students use their computers to video chat with friends or IM parents every day! @ORGANIZATION2 finds that computers bring family members closer because they can see each other virtually when someone isn't around. @PERCENT1 in @CAPS2 uses their computer to chat with other people online. One can see why computers are bad, but @CAPS5 they benefit a lot of people every day. @CAPS1 Going into a room where everyone is learning about computers helps @CAPS6 individuals because they can learn about places. Computers say "computers are compact information" @CAPS4 in @CAPS3 People use computers to understand distant places. @LOCATION1 Life finds using a computer to know far more than using a computer, some people can use why books, @CAPS5 computers are. Finally, computers are great because they teach @CAPS6 to have better stuff, the guys at @PERCENT2 discovered them after an hour of using computers. @PERSON2, @PERSON1 said: "Computers can help develop greater responsiveness." @CAPS6 can see why computers are sluggish, but @CAPS5 they do better. Computers have greatly benefited society. Computers help people talk to others online. One can also learn about distant places. Finally, the computer strengthens hand-eye coordination
Dear @CAPS1, does @CAPS2 use computers a lot? No, they @CAPS2 don't use computers more. Computers have many benefits for society, but they also have many negative effects on the people who use them. People spend more time on the computer than exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. First, people spend less time exercising. Most athletes must be in good health to play sports there. I'm a wrestler and baseball player, but if I don't spend some time every day exercising or staying active. As soon as my game or the next game starts, I become abnormal and weaker. I'm sure Olympic athletes work out every day and stay active so they can get stronger and faster than anyone else, so I don't know why people sit in front of their computers at home all day. Second, people did not take the time to enjoy nature. Nature is one of the most beautiful things on this planet. Whether you're hiking a lake or mountain, nature is by your side. I personally enjoy hunting and fishing. Every summer, @DATE1, fall, and sometimes winter, I take the time to get out, enjoy nature, and have fun, as do many other people in the world. Everyone sitting in front of a computer at home can't enjoy the gift we get. Third, people don't spend time with family or friends. If you're on the computer all day, you can't go out and do activities with your friends or ride a bike with your brother. If you're using a computer, your family and friends time might be spent on a fishing trip or a walk in the woods. If you don't spend time with your family because of what you're doing on your computer, you're just alone. You don't value what you have in life, your family, you @CAPS2 always make time for them. Finally, @CAPS2 How many people use computers? No, they @CAPS2 don't use computers more. Computers take away time from exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. Computers have many benefits, but the less time you spend on your computer, the better it is for everyone.
@ORGANIZATION1, on @DATE1, more and more of the latest technologies are being made public. Computers, @CAPS1 bars, phones, etc. are equipping @CAPS8 with state-of-the-art software and machinery, and some of the most delicate things happen. There's a cell phone today that lets you turn off the lights in your home from thousands of miles away. This technology is probably the best thing that has ever happened to the world. Still, some might argue. But I'm arguing @CAPS2-sayers here. With new computers, people can talk to people all over the world. For those who never had the opportunity to follow @CAPS3, the dream may also be true. Additionally, questions that have been asked can now be answered. I have a lot of cousins in @LOCATION3 and I only talk to them when I go to @CAPS3, which is very rare. Thanks to some programs like @CAPS4 or @CAPS5 @CAPS6 I was able to talk to @CAPS7 cousins. Some say @ORGANIZATION2 can @CAPS8 Kids like me want to miss out on great time with the @CAPS7 family. Well, bro @CAPS7 is going to @CAPS10 in six months and I want to talk to him. With phone companies haunting their customers with horrible prices, @CAPS7 family didn't want to sit on the phone with him for @NUM1 hours and had to cut their savings. On @CAPS7 @ORGANIZATION2 there is an app called i-chat which allows me to talk to my @CAPS7 brother and see him as if he was at home with me. @CAPS7 Dad discovered @CAPS4 and decided to give it a try. So far, he has reconnected with the game with his massive high school friend @CAPS13. Maybe you can find a special friend you almost forgot. Or you can find out about your sister who lives in @LOCATION1. @ORGANIZATION2 also allows the unfortunate people who don't have the money to fly to find the places they've always wanted to go. The internet offers virtual tours of places like @LOCATION2 and even @LOCATION4-@CAPS14 to explore without stepping out of your house. And with @CAPS15, a site that offers millions of videos including tours of dance, movement, technique, and more @CAPS13, you don't have to break the bank for a fee-based class. Another benefit of @ORGANIZATION2 is that it provides mostly reliable information. Sorry for not finishing @NUM2 paragraph and conclusion.
Dear local paper, I heard that you are conducting a survey to see if people trust computers. Well, I'm the type of person because they can talk to family and friends on sites like facebook, myspace, and targeting. They can also exercise on the internet because if they go to youtube then they can find different types of posts that they can do. Today, more than @NUM1 people use computers, just like @PERCENT1 adults and @PERCENT2 children use computers, which means more kids are playing sports today. Adults use computers for work and in school. Where the newspapers are, they need a computer to type out the daily, and how badly the typewriters work there without a typesetter. As people go home from where they don't get daily newspapers, you can look online. Computers are very important to us as students because we can talk to our friends and when we need to find something we just go online. In some schools, they need to take home very large books for different classes. It's bad for your back, so the school came out with online books. For those who love sports, you can look up your favorite team and see if they won that week's game. You can also play some virtual sports games on your computer. When you first move somewhere out of town, you can google for a good town to live in and a good school system you want your kids to go to. But you can do a lot of things online and on your computer. So thank you for letting me help you decide.
Dear local paper, I just heard that people spend more time on their computers than they do with family and friends. No, @CAPS1 is not correct, just hear why the person you're looking for can be found in a computer. Also, @CAPS1 is always there to help you with what you need and you can do different types of activities. If you read on, you'll understand all the typical reasons why I think people spend less time on the computer than they do with their family. (@NUM1) @CAPS2 I think the reason people don't spend as much time on computers is that computers can help you find the family or friends you're looking for. The second reason I think it's me is because you've never met that family member and you want to get to know them. I think this is my last reason because @CAPS1 is really someone you really like and need. That's why I don't think they spend much time on the computer. (@NUM2) @CAPS3 I think the reason people don't spend as much time on the computer is because @CAPS1 can help you with many things you need help with. I think the second reason they don't spend much time on the computer is because you can do your homework on their computer, and @CAPS1 can help you with @CAPS1. @MONTH1 The last reason is because @CAPS1 helps if you find something really hard that you don't know about. (@NUM3) @CAPS4 I don't think people spend too much time on the computer because you can do different types of activities. I think this is my second reason because when you have a @CAPS5 party and you need an invite, the computer is there to help you. I think this is my last reason because if you want to move to a @CAPS3 state or country, you can see this place on the website and you're good to go. That's why I think computers are very useful. (@NUM4) I hope after reading all the typical reasons for computers, @CAPS1 can help you in many things, you can find people, you can do different activities, I really convinced you and hope you really liked and enjoyed reading my letters.
Debates have emerged about whether computers benefit society or destroy it. Computers are just helping society develop. Computers allow people to interact with other people, see and discover other places and people, and teach hand-eye coordination. Computers help people more than they hurt them. First, computers allow people to meet and interact with other people. There are many popular websites that allow people to chat and communicate anytime. Before computers were invented, in order to talk to someone, you had to meet them face-to-face, or send them a letter and wait a long time for a response. Now people can simply enter an email and hit send. Just like that, their information is sent to another computer for others to read and enjoy. Another advance in computer technology is picture sharing. All you have to do to show and showcase their photos to everyone is to simply connect a camera, upload the photos to your computer, and post them on a site like the @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 buckets. Anyone in @CAPS3 will @CAPS3 think computers are very useful. Second, computers are important because they enable people to understand and discover people and places they are unfamiliar with. In the past, if you didn't @CAPS3 talk about something or someone, like a movie, you @MONTH1 never found any information about them. Computers have internet sites and searches like @ORGANIZATION1 that allow you to type anything and instantly find all @CAPS4 information and pictures or that topic. These technological advancements have provided many with the general knowledge that @MONTH1 desperately needs in any given situation. If you missed the best part, you can easily use your computer to see it and the importance of computers in everyday society. Finally, computerized hand-eye coordination is essential to everyday life. Typing on a computer in your spare time is a skill that can be seen everywhere. In fact, many employers at @MONTH1 will hire you based on your keyboarding skills, and one of them, @MONTH1, is skilled enough to even teach themselves to type without looking at the keyboard. While computers are not meant to replace your friends, family and @CAPS5 air, they are invaluable tools that give you skills that you will use for the rest of your life. Anyone with a higher education will see the benefits of computer use. In conclusion, in order to function properly in many situations, computers are critical. They allow you to chat and send pictures with loved ones, introduce you to faraway people and places you @MONTH1 rather than @CAPS3, and help people improve hand-eye coordination. Computers are very useful devices.
Computers affect many people. I fully support the advancement of technology. I support this because computers allow you to talk to people who are far away from you. Computers also teach hand-eye coordination. Also, a computer can let you know about countries around the world. Cheer up, electronics should move on. Say your best friend moves to @LOCATION4. You won't see her, but you can talk to her on the computer. Now you can chat on many websites or you can also do webcam chat like ovoo. For example, in seventh grade, I moved from @LOCATION1 to @LOCATION2. I am sad to leave my old friend. It turned out I was fine. I made more friends when I first moved. I'll make plans with my friends via Facebook chat. So a computer can help you keep in touch with your friends all over the world. A computer can develop all your skills. Hand-eye coordination is the greatest skill a computer can teach anyone. When you watch adult types, most of them can type without looking at the keyboard. This is an example of hand-eye coordination. Hand-eye coordination is helpful during exercise. In basketball, you should dribble and look forward. Kind of like typing. As one can see, the computer helps with hand-eye coordination. Google gives you the answer to any question. If you're doing research, most people use Google, and Google is found on a computer. You can learn about @LOCATION3 or @LOCATION4, you can name it and you can type it in google and you can learn all about that country. For example, last year everyone had to pick a state and know something about it. Most people use computers. Computers are truly the best electronics in the world. There are many electronic products that affect people. However, computers have the greatest impact on people. Computers allow you to talk to family and friends around the world. Also, the computer teaches you hand-eye coordination skills. Finally, computers teach you about many countries. In short, computers should be advanced.
Dear @LOCATION1 Residents, @CAPS1 brought to my attention there is some debate about whether computers are a good thing and/or helpful to society. I firmly believe that computers are a very useful resource that can make everyday life easier. Computers can help us in many ways, including making learning easier and helping students do better in @CAPS4, nad is a great teaching tool. One of the reasons I support computers is because they make learning easier. You might ask that screen and keyboard make learning easier, @CAPS1 sounds crazy, but it's true! Let's say you're an intermediate @CAPS4 student assigned to write a paper on a given topic; @CAPS2 Instead of spending hours searching the library for the right information, you can just google your topic and @CAPS3! You have what you need to know in seconds, cool, right? Still not convinced computers are useful? What if I told you that @CAPS1 allows students to do better in @CAPS4? That's right, computers make students do better in @CAPS4. Sites such as edline allow teachers to publish student grades very quickly. How does this help? When you take the quiz, your betrayer must rate @NUM1 quizzes! Due to absences, weekends, holidays, etc., the date you receive your quiz will be further delayed. Sometimes kids don't get their quiz back within two weeks of taking it! When you brought @CAPS1 back to @CAPS1's time to use your grade's @PERCENT1 for chapter tests, you just found out that you didn't have @CAPS2 on one of the sections! This reduces your ability to perform @CAPS2 in your tests. But if your grades were posted online the other day, you'd have more time to study, know what to study, and you'd do @CAPS2 on the exam. As you can see, computers are great for students, but are they great for teachers too? The answer is yes, computers are a great teaching tool. Have any of these things happened to you? No matter how much your teacher explains to you, @CAPS1 seems to be speaking another language? @CAPS2 What if they showed you a cool video on youtube explaining @CAPS1? Do visuals in front of you make you learn better? I definitely will. Computers are also great for teachers, as @CAPS1 enables them to email other teachers when a problem arises, and get updates on @CAPS4 and what's going on. Do you now understand why computers are useful? I hope you realize the usefulness of computers because they make learning easier, students do better in @CAPS4, and are a great learning tool. These are just some of the many reasons why computers are useful, and I hope you continue to use them in our community.
@ORGANIZATION1, computers are of great benefit to our society. Whether it's because it helps people get their work done. Or it allows people to communicate without a phone number. Maybe because it helps students learn. For any of these reasons, computers do benefit our society. Have you ever had a paper assigned one day and due the next day? If you think back to what helped you complete your dissertation? Most likely a computer. In a recent @PERCENT1 survey of college students, they said they wouldn't get good grades without a computer. However, computers can not only help students, but also adults in the working community. I know I've made some friends over the years who have moved away, but I've lost touch. Using a computer makes it easier to find these people and start talking to them. With different types of programs, you are most likely to find anyone. Whether it's @CAPS1, @CAPS2, @CAPS3, or @CAPS4. Nine in 10 adults say they have found many high school friends thanks to computers. Also, computers are a way for students to learn. Students can find a search engine and re-search papers. Or they can play educational games. With computers, if a student forgets his or her homework, they are likely to use the computer to find out what the homework is. When I went to secondary school to investigate, @NUM1 of @NUM2 students said they would check to see if they were on a computer before asking a friend. So, as you can see, computers are good for our society today. Three happen to be that they help people get things done faster, they help you keep in touch with your friends, and they help students learn.
I think computers have a positive effect on people. People can find important news online, and you can connect with people you don't see often. Also, you can order anything in the world online. Here are three reasons why I think computers have a positive impact on people. Computers notify people of important news. If there is a blizzard, people can spot and stock up on food ahead of time. If there are thieves walking around, people can find and lock all doors and windows. By knowing all this information, it can help people plan events, such as birthday parties. Finding important news is very helpful and convenient. @PERCENT1 folks, if they knew the news, it wouldn't be so much trouble. Another way that computers can positively impact people is by allowing them to connect with people they don't see often. This provides an easy way to share what has happened and have some time to talk face to face. With video chat, you can show off your new or newborn baby. You can share what you want with people you can barely see. Friendships last longer if you talk to everyone regularly, experts say. Using a computer, this is possible. A third way computers can help is by allowing you to order anything in the world online. If you need to do Japanese for someone in Ohio, you can order it online. If you're too old to go to the grocery store, you can order online. I've seen people who can order everything online don't have to drive as much, which saves time, money and gas. It's also very convenient and less stressful than waiting in line to buy something. These are just three ways htat computers can positively impact people. It's that you can find important news, you can connect with people you don't see often, you can order anything in the world, and that's why I believe computers have a positive impact on people.
Dear local paper, computers have had a huge positive impact on people. I support technological progress. This is @DATE1; we shouldn't be looking for information in books or writing everything by hand anymore. Everyone's life has become easier. Everyone can use a computer to communicate with friends or family. By using computers, we are able to learn things faster. Working citizens use computers to help them do important work! Everything is done on the computer! Computers are an important source of communication. Having an @CAPS1, @CAPS2 or @CAPS3 account allows you to chat with people all over the world. It's much easier to talk to someone online for a long time because you don't have to pay for phane minutes! Even @CAPS4 chat is available to computer users. Having @ORGANIZATION1 or @CAPS5 allows you to video chat with someone. It makes you feel like they are really in the room with you. If you have a good friend who has moved from one place to another, then these communication methods can be very helpful for you! You can't have these accounts without a computer; therefore, we need a computer! Computers have made our generation very smart. We can easily look up facts about anything on a computer. Now, if there's something we're curious about, we can look it up on Google. In the past, we didn't want to read a book, so we would forget about it. If kids are too shy to ask, they can get help with homework online. At this point in time, we can even take online college courses! Being able to go to college from home is really convenient for some people. Computers help us educate. Adults who go to work every day really need a computer! People working in the medical field use computers to keep track of all their patients. Now @CAPS6 uses computers to organize lesson plans and print reminders for students. Scientists use computers to conduct research for their experiments. Engineers use programs on computers to help design what they will build. Computers allow you to advertise your small business or company to the world. Computers have had a very positive impact on work in our society, which is a good thing for our economy! Computers benefit us physically, mentally, and socially. Certain computer games can improve our hand-eye coordination. We can learn a lot from computers! They really make us smarter! Computers provide us with a way to communicate with distant friends and family. Sites like @CAPS7-@CAPS8 even give adults a chance to find their soulmate online! The positive effects of computers on people are limitless, but we need to learn not to take them for granted.
Dear newspaper, I often think about the impact of technology on humanity. Humanity has discovered a lot, but our greatest advancement is technology. New machines are being built all the time, and our knowledge of machines and artificial intelligence is growing rapidly. The most widely used machine is the computer. People use it for all kinds of things, communication, awareness, learning, and entertainment. Some experts worry that people are spending too much time on the computer, and they agree. Computers can be useful, but they are overused. People spend more time staring at screens than exercising and interacting with friends and family. Computers are also not always reliable or secure. First, the biggest computer users are teenagers. Young people spend hours connecting with their friends on sites like @CAPS1, @CAPS2 and @CAPS3. Exercise is very important when they are young. Childhood obesity due to physical inactivity has become very common as young people are glued to computer screens. The average child needs NUM1 minutes of exercise a day, and many children barely. I say the computer is fine, but only in small doses. A growing body and mind needs movement and exercise. If internet use among children and teens is not reduced, some fear more health problems in the future. While fast communication over the internet is very oriental, sometimes it does more harm than good. Kids who spend hours @CAPS4 or emailing their peers spend less time with their families. I've heard parents say they can barely see their kids because they always either do their homework. Also, the @CAPS5 to @CAPS5 conversation is disappearing. Because of the internet, people no longer need to get together to chat, @CAPS6 is a waste of energy to turn on the computer. Why not check out your friend @CAPS6 who types all day? In the end, computers have as many disadvantages as there are advantages. @LOCATION1 has many dangers. Online predators lurk as many people as possible, and your personal information and identity can easily be stolen. The risk of any of these things happening is very high. It's safer than sorry. So, if you think about it, we really don't need computers to survive. You need your workout, don't brag about it for the sake of chatting online. Also, interacting and being part of the family is very important and reducing internet usage will reduce the risk of identity theft or any other issues or viruses. Now is your time. Get outside for @CAPS5 to @CAPS5 conversations with friends and the internet with your family. You can be healthy, happy and safe without constantly typing anything on the keyboard.
Dear newspaper, I think computers are a good thing and people use computers to do business. Computers allow you to interact with people from afar. They also allow you to conduct research. That's why I think computers are good. Computers can be used for many different things. They can be used for business. Some people work at home with a computer. They can also be used to interact with people from afar. You can interact with people you don't see every day. Computers can also be used for research. You can do research on school projects or other businesses you interact with. Computers are fine. Some people use computers to do business. You can also interact with people from afar. You can even do research on a computer , which is why computers are good.
Dear local paper, I have been asked to write a letter stating what @CAPS5 thinks about the impact of computers on people. Some experts have been concerned that people are not spending enough time outdoors, but most people are not spending enough time outdoors, but most support technological progress. During this period, computers became more and more popular. They are very helpful in many ways. They allow you to learn new things, are great for study and work, and keep family and friends in touch. Computers have positive and beneficial effects on people. First, computers help you learn new things. If there is a question no one knows the answer to "@CAPS1 it!" @CAPS1 and many other search engines are an easy way to find what you're looking for. For example, a couple of @CAPS5 family and friends came over one day and we were having dinner. The discussion led to the question "Who is @CAPS6 playing @CAPS3 in @CAPS4?". Miss @CAPS5 hits @CAPS3's @CAPS6 @CAPS4 and @CAPS9 in the movie! This is @PERSON1. Just like that, computers help answer questions quickly. Computers can also help you learn new things, such as typing skills. Just learning how to use them is a new skill. A recent poll showed that @PERCENT2 people who learn how to use a computer in a nursing home have much better brain function. Although, there are stronger reasons why computers can have a positive impact on people. Also, computers help people work and go to school. Your computer can help you send work emails, make slideshow presentations, and keep your calendar so you can stay organized. The people @PERCENT1 somehow use computers to be more productive.
What @MONTH1 cares about, I believe computers are good for society. A computer is a great household item that makes life easier in many ways. Computers have allowed ordinary families to see new places through online photos and people through the Internet. Computers also provide social networking through communities, states and even countries! Finally, a computer is another option when trying to get something done, because there is always something on the internet that can help you. There is a famous saying: "The biggest room in the world is room for improvement." In my opinion, a computer can make that room a little smaller. While experts say computers allow people to spend too much time indoors and not too much time outside to see the wonders of nature, computers can prove them wrong. The Internet is a vast ocean of pictures, words and sounds. A computer is the item that organizes it for your entertainment. Pictures of just about anything imaginable on the internet; from the palm-shaped islands of @LOCATION1, to the frozen tundra of @CAPS1 in @LOCATION3. You can get a bird's-eye view of the penguins in the southern ice cap and the rice fields of @LOCATION2 at the touch of a finger. Not only places to see, but people from a distance! Today, people send pictures to each other via email. People are literally sharing their memories with each other, all thanks to computers. I hope what I just explained helps me achieve my goals. Computers are just for creating our lives. Imagine chatting with your friend instead of leaving your room with him. It won't even be 50 or 70 @DATE1, but that's half of the great progress people have in their social relationships, it only allows people to spend time with their family and friends. I will always be positive about things and use this the right way. It's such a hassle to have your house alone tell your friends when you're going to Disney World. If you just put the picture on a social networking system, such as facebook or twitter, the memory will be stored by literally aborton's clicks. Memories are shared thanks to the social networking capabilities of computers. Planning a vacation is hard work, but what if this work could all happen in our sport? With the help of a computer, an entire vacation can be planned, confirmed and paid for. Work that would normally require hours of research and recall can be done in @DATE1 Minuet, reducing computer time. This gives people more time to enjoy their lives without worrying about planning. Computers allow people to squeeze hours of work into minutes. Experts say computers are taking people's lives" I disagree because people are new places or new people, social networks are more advanced, and time that could have been spent planning is now life.
Dear local paper, This is a letter about my feelings about the impact of computers. I think computers are great, you can interact with your family and friends, see what's going on around the world, and it can help you with your studies. The first thing I want to say is that you can interact with your family and friends. You can chat, send pictures and comment on other people's things on facebook, @CAPS1 or myspace. You can also join many groups so you can chat with other people and meet new people. If your family has facebook or @CAPS1, you can also interact with them. The second reason computers are fine is because there are many websites where you can find different information, such as science, math, history, and more. You can learn many different topics. You can find information from the weather to sources of your family history. The last reason I think this is that many kids do their homework on the computer, and if people say the computer is bad, the parents won't allow them to use the computer for educational purposes like homework and projects. There are many more reasons why computers have a positive impact on people. But interacting with family and friends, learning about things around the world, and your education all depend on computers.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, The computer age is coming. Wherever you go, you'll see people using laptops or other portable computing devices. While some people don't like the heavy use of computers in the world, I happen to disagree and I think computers are a great @CAPS5 for posting and finding information. I also think @CAPS5 is great for people to connect with family and friends who live far away. In the end, I think computers provide us with fun activities, entertainment and @CAPS5 to relax. What do you do when you want to know what is the capital of @LOCATION3? You either flip through the old atlas, or just click a button on your computer and find @LOCATION4 in capital letters. My point is that with a computer, finding information is quick and easy. In addition, using a computer, you can share information as well as receive information. Let's say you're not a doctor but have discovered a cure for the common cold by using the itteams in each household. What do you do? Well, you can go to the media and interview interview after interview, or, you can simply post it on @CAPS1. Clearly, computers are not exchanging information in an important process. "I'm sorry @PERSON2, but we can't fly to @LOCATION1 to meet @CAPS2 @PERSON1. We don't have enough money." I think everyone has heard a variation of this phrase at least once. But the computer came to the rescue! Using computer @CAPS2 @PERSON1 at @LOCATION2 level is just a click (and or screen) away. By using your webcam, you can talk to people all over the world without having to worry about expensive flights! Don't have a webcam? no problem! You can send messages to people far away via email or instant messaging. Say "goodbye" to expensive phre rides, lengthy phone bills, or years of seeing loved ones. Computers are not just strictly used tools, computers can also be used for other purposes. In other words, computers can be used for entertainment! How exactly is building a computer creative for society? I'll show you how. A lot of @CAPS4 are workaholics, also known as rants about @CAPS5. Wouldn't it be nice to sit down and play some card games after a long day of signing papers and fiddling with budgets? You can do it with a computer, and you don't even need a deck of cards! Computers are full of fun games like solitaire and chess. These games are a great @CAPS5 to help people relax and believe me, everyone needs to relax. Having some downtime can really help a person become a healthier and happier person! Isn't the computer very good? They allow us to communicate with family and friends across the globe (without the need for big hole tags) and provide us with entertainment. So everyone out there doesn't like the impact of computers on the public, please reconsider. Computers are indeed useful, interesting and useful tools for society.
Dear local paper, I think the impact of computers on people is because, first of all, it enables people to learn from far away places. Second, it allows people to chat with friends online. Third, provide children with online games. Finally, you can watch videos that will teach you all kinds of exotics. I think the first reason computers have an impact on humans is that it enables people to learn from far away places. For example, if I want to go to @LOCATION4 for @DATE1, but I don't know anything about places I can look up online, I can look up their food, their culture, their village, and even the scenery. If your teacher told you to do a book report on @LOCATION5 instead of going into your textbook, computers are great for book reports, you can go and see how their culture, the food there, the location, the economy there Like, what kind of school the children go to, what kind of festivals they have, etc. My second reason is that computers have an impact on people because it allows people to chat with other people online anytime, anywhere. For example, there are @NUM1 things that can let you talk on the computer, that is @CAPS1, @CAPS2 these two can let you chat with friends far away from you, my friends live in @LOCATION1, I live in @LOCATION2, We don't have cell phones, so we're either @CA PS1 or @CA PS2 "not so good"! ! . Computers also allow you to talk from far away, for example if you live in @LOCATION3 you can talk to other people in @LOCATION6. I think the third reason computers have an impact on people is that it provides online games for small children. For example, when I say games, I mean educational games like reading games, math games, writing games, etc. Statistics show that kids from @PERCENT2 to @PERCENT1 learn more on computers than they do at school, a large percentage even for kids. Also, when kids play computer games, they learn more More fun than my kids sitting in class all day
Dear newspaper, @CAPS1 Don't you like getting into your computer? @CAPS1 Don't you do a lot with them? Well, I think they have a positive effect on people. I strongly agree that computers have a positive impact on our society. Here are my three reasons; you can chat online with friends and family, help people do research on projects, and help people with their day-to-day work. So, read on to your local paper and I'll change your mind about the impact of computers on people. Do you want to keep in touch with @CAPS1 family or friends who don't live here? This can be done using a computer to send an email or a chat site like facebook. I have cousins who live in @LOCATION2. The only way my family can keep in touch with them without spending money is email. My mom and her sister have been emailing each other. If you ask me, I think it's a positive effect of computers. Have you ever researched anything with a computer? I know I have! For a school project for @CAPS2, I had to work on @LOCATION1. I did all my research on the computer. I got an A+! If I didn't use the computer to do my research, I wouldn't get that score. Do you use a computer at work? Well, even if you @CAPS1't I know a lot of people do. For example, my father uses the computer almost all day. He is @CAPS3 @CAPS4 which means he manages the portfolio. He must use @ORGANIZATION1 to view stock charts. Another example is my mom, the teacher, who uses the computer to email the parents if the students need help or go up. So you can see that computers have a great impact on our society. Here's why: you can chat online with friends and family, help people research projects, help people research projects, and help people get things done in their daily lives. I hope you agree that computers have a positive impact on our society. Saying yes to the computer works great!
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, I know some people think that computers have a negative impact on others, but I think the opposite is true. Computers have revolutionized the world. People can save their work, intuitively experience things they've never seen before, and even catch up with old friends. In my opinion, computers have a positive effect on people. Using a computer, you can create documents, pictures, and even movies that will be permanently saved on your computer. Where's your newspaper? Does anyone handwrite every published paper? Without a computer, your newspaper wouldn't be able to make hundreds of copies a day. What's more, what happens in a fire if you're not using your computer? All your hard work goes to ashes, but if it's on your computer, you can get it back. You can save anything on your computer. Another reason why computers have a positive impact on people is that through the internet, you can intuitively experience places or things that you couldn't experience before. If I were to book a vacation, I wouldn't just trust a book, I wouldn't keep using my computer so I could see pictures, videos, or hundreds of other articles that I couldn't see anywhere else. This goes for anything else like furniture, musical instruments or even cloth. Computers provide alternative views that books do not. Not only does a computer hold data and give you visuals, it also gives you the opportunity to meet old friends, relatives, and even new ones! Instead of endlessly searching the phone book, you just type in their name and you're sure to find somewhere on the internet. Popular sites like @CAPS1 make this very easy. When my dad was looking for his childhood friend, he typed his name on @CAPS1 and called him in @NUM1 mins! This would not be possible without a computer. Computers have truly had a positive impact on people all over the world, and many things today would not be possible without them. Hopefully others will agree with me as well.
Dear local paper, In the comments of @CAPS1, I think those who make computers should add a time to computers. There should be a law that people must exercise before and after using a computer, and I think computer use by children should cost less than adults for health reasons. @CAPS1 First opinion is that I think those who build computers should add timers to computers to count how much time people should spend on different activities based on their behavior while playing games. Also like when a person is doing their homework, they start getting carried away by the slow time and end up doing it badly. @CAPS1 Second opinion, I think those who make computers should have a law that people have to go out and exercise before and after using a computer because a large percentage of people are obese because everyone sits on a computer , start eating for hours while playing games and watching videos, they don't take breaks to go outside and @CAPS1 3rd and last opinion, I think those who make computers should let kids use them less than adults health reasons are Because kids are always looking at the computer, their eyes are always getting red, and then they start not being able to see things the way they used to, and then they end up having to wear glasses or better. Also because kids usually go to chat sites, they start talking to people they don't know, so they end up being raped or kidnapped for hours by the person they're talking to. So local newspaper will you make a difference for society and for kids? Because I want to!
I think computers can help people in their daily lives. They just make things a lot easier. Computers help us find the information we need @CAPS2. Book hotels and flights, they even allow us to interact with friends. Yes, doing other things (like exercising) can take some time, but we can find doing both. Every day I turn on the computer a little and go out to play basketball for an hour. People just need to find a solution. Computers are very useful if you need to find information about anything. All you need to do is enter what you want and in seconds you have hundreds of different links for your needs. For example, if you're in a @CAPS1 school and you're deciding which college you should go to, try a good place to get information. People all over the world do this almost every day. It's also a great place if you're doing a project at school and need more information on your subject @CAPS2 I say it makes things a lot easier, there's no better example than booking a hotel or buying a plane ticket. Both of these things can be done on a computer, as that's what you're likely to be in then. If we don't have a computer, you need to go to the hotel to get a room, and if you don't have a room, you're out of luck. On the computer it will say if they have you need @CAPS3 tickets will have the exact same thing. The computer says @CAPS2 has available flights to your destination and how many. So @CAPS2 you're not surprised you go to the airport. Another good reason computers are good for people is that it helps you interact with your friends and family @CAPS2 you can't see them. There are many different ways to do this. At @CAPS4, @CAPS5, myspace. All similar sites can help you keep in touch with all your friends. Even now, they have something where you can see who you're talking to on your computer. So if you don't have a chance to meet anytime soon, you can talk to them. I even did it with my brother who was in college and I didn't see him much so I just started chatting with him on the computer. Here are some of the reasons why I feel computers are an important part of our lives. Things like finding information and booking hotels, planes, etc. All of these help make our lives easier at times. Talking to other people just makes us happy. Now I hope you understand why computers are such an important part of our lives.
Dear local paper, I believe people should stay with computers. I have three reasons for this problem, they are @CAPS1, @CAPS2 and @CAPS3. I think these reasons are good for this question because everyone can do all three on a computer. I think one of the reasons people should stay on the computer is because they can learn. People can learn by using computers, because if the child is in something like an animal. They can go online to find what they need to find, and kids can also learn on the computer by putting their jumping stats in the drive. Children can learn this way. My second reason why people should use computers left to us @CAPS2. I think @CAPS2 because you can talk to your friends. They can also talk about whether they want to have some fun. For example equally good workouts. Another reason I think @CAPS2 is that if your friend is explaining something to you, it's yours. I also think @CAPS2 can be used for a and . The last reason I think people should stick with computers is because people can find different things out there, things they can have, and some things can be good. For example, one good thing I can find is that if there is a problem with my computer, I will figure out a way to fix it, which would be a good thing. I would know what computers and people do. @CAPS3 One bad thing I can do with computers is bring out viruses. Knowing what I did I couldn't make it go away and the computer ended up breaking. In conclusion, the local paper is why I think we should keep our computers. Because many people can learn even young children, they will eventually remember what they have learned.
Dear Southnington Township, for example, computers in our town are very important. For all banks, we have computers for almost all work. We need computers all our lives, this doesn't '@CAPS1 make use lazy and forget to fill it up to keep us busy. The only case of online laziness is when teenagers play games. But the only reason some kids do it is because none of them want to exercise or run around with the family they see every day. But because they wanted to talk to their friends, they made plans to just talk while they were playing together. If someone ignores their family or becomes more lazy, it's because that's their choice to sit there and do nothing. I do agree that people are getting overweight, but I think it's because some people think exercise is about lifting weights and running for an hour once a week. That's '@CAPS1 right. I think this news paper should add more content about gyms, maybe that will lower the obesity rate in our town. Or have people work less if they think people are neglecting their families so they can go home to see their families. As for teens, I think your parents need to make some rules like play @NUM1 hours a day, @NUM2 hours on @DATE1, and if they don't listen to @CAPS1, take the game away for two days, but that probably won't cost them the Time with you because they @MONTH1 are pissed, but it will keep them outside or at least doing something more active than watching @CAPS1.V. Or play video games all day. I also know this from experience because I'm a teacher and I'm always running around outside when my parents take my games, this is @PERSON1's hometown. Take my advice, your happy family will always be united and active instead of always sitting at the computer working and playing video games.
Dear newspaper @CAPS1, I, a member of the public, are writing you a letter to tell you my thoughts on whether people are spending too much time on their computers. My first thought is that sometimes people do spend more time on the computer than usual. This is a problem because some people start to become obese and start to lose control of their eating habits. My second thought is that computers do a lot for us. But there are still many things computers can't teach us how to do. So computers are helpful, but they don't always find things to do outside, but sometimes different from computers. My last and last thought is that people become attached to their computers and ignore the really important things like exercise and fitness. Then people get mad when their computer crashes and forgets how to do things because they are always on the computer. These are my thoughts on the topic of whether people spend a lot of time on the computer but not as much time with friends and family.
Dear @LOCATION1, I want you to imagine this is a wonderful @DATE1 day. Birds are chirping and the air is full of beautiful flowers, but instead of playing with your neighbors outside, you're inside trying to master a gaming cube that's unrivaled on your computer. Computers have had a negative impact on today's society. When people are engrossed in whatever @MONTH1 is doing on the computer, they get really lazy, lose their motivation to go out and exercise, and people lose interest in helping the community. This is why computers have a negative impact on society today. Static data shows that @PERCENT1 people would rather stay on their computer than go out to help and work around their community. Computers have had such a negative effect that it makes people want to stay in their chairs and stare at monitors. Yes, computers have a lot to do with many technological advances, but at what cost? Many kids became obese and lacked the motivation for me to leave the computer and leave the room. Computers make society very lazy, that's why they affect us negatively. Computers also deprive society of movement and motivation. A very close family friend is very obese. She is lazy and never wants to exercise. Instead of going out to do something, she was in the room on Facebook for weeks at a time. While the computer wasn't the one that made her fat, it was used to hide the real problem. It's sad when teens at @PERCENT2 say they'd rather stay in my space than go out for a jog. Yes, it's a real computer that can help you learn things @MONTH1 didn't know before, as do books, newspapers and magazines. Computers have had a negative impact on society. Helping out in your community can provide many opportunities to meet new people and can bring a sense of accomplishment. But the urge to stay on the computer can affect your better judgment. I know I'd rather help the elementary school across the street build a new garden than stay on Twitter. How do you know if the old lady across the street needs help with groceries if you search online? Help your community let people know you care about what's going on. So don't let the computer take another second of your time. Computers have had a negative impact on society. Teens and adults alike have become very lazy. They lack motivation to exercise and help around the community. Now it's your turn, don't just stare at your computer screen. Go out and throw a ball with the neighbor's dog. You have heard the facts and now make the right decision.
Dear newspaper and readers of @LOCATION1, I'm @PERSON1, a student from @ORGANIZATION1, and I was recently told of a debate about computer use, which I thought was silly. We need computers in our lives to help us do our jobs, communicate with family or friends traveling the world, and research homework. First, many people struggle without a computer. My father uses a computer at work, and he can't do his job without a computer. Sure, many people spend a lot of time on the computer, but others use it to save information or find research. I know people argue that computers should be used less, but can you go without a computer for a week? Most people can't, especially if you own a business. Also, because of working with a computer, some people like to chat online with friends who are away. Imagine if your family or friends travel a lot and they go somewhere they can't connect via their phone, the only way to talk to them is via web chat. I'm sure everyone has used computers at one time or another to talk to friends or for business-related things, so they are more useful than one might think. Finally, as a child, we need to be able to use the computer, not just to chat with friends, but to do homework. Some assignments require us to do powerpoints, to write a paper on historical facts, and we need computers to do it. Without computers, children would not be able to gather facts or information to write essays. Reducing children's computer use may lower their grades. My teachers always said, "Grades are the most important thing." I'm sure all parents would agree on that. All in all, we cannot reduce the use of computers because it harms people's lives. Think about people who travel a lot, kids who need work done, and parents who need a computer to get work done, and don't upset all of those people by cutting down on computer time. thank you for your time,
Knoleg is one of humanity's greatest tasks, always trying to figure out how and why things happen. @CAPS1 For this quirk of nature, we've made an amazing leap forward in technology @NUM1 What seemed impossible before is now possible. One of many things considered impossible is finding anything you want in seconds. I think computers are great for society because you can learn about the world in the blink of an eye, let you talk to people all over the world, @CAPS5 gives you better hand-eye recognition. The first reason I think computers are great modern societies is that we can learn about other countries right away. @NUM1 Years ago, the only way you knew about far lands was to read in the newspapers, many of which didn't tell you about far lands. Now with the internet, we can find out what's going on all over the world you want to know. "@CAPS1 to our modern tech people who now know more about the rest of the world than ever." @PERSON3 is @CAPS2 Specialist at @ORGANIZATION2 University at @CAPS2. "Compared to @NUM1 years ago, the ability of @CAPS4 computers and @CAPS7 to gather information is pretty good." @CAPS5 @CAPS9 computers, we don't know anything about the recent earthquake in @CAPS6. @CAPS5 With computers, we can now talk to people instantly over the internet. A century ago, talking to someone right away seemed almost impossible. But @CAPS1 For technology, things are an important part of our lives. "@CAPS7 A lot of our progress and decisions were made while we were talking online, and even some of the world's greatest leaders make tough decisions because of those progress," said @PERSON1, of the new @CAPS8 era reporter. "@CAPS9 A lot of the decisions made by this technology in @LOCATION1 and @CAPS10 would not have been made, and a lot of solder would have died because of it." @CAPS11 The last reason I support this decision is that they help teach you hand-eye coordination. One of the ways computers can teach hand-eye coordination is through video games and simulations. In video games, people make @CAPS7 you react to action notes to accomplish your goals. In @ORGANIZATION1, computer simulations teach soldiers how to respond to many different situations. Through this situation, many sled people learned how to serve in battle and save many of their fellows. General @PERSON2 of @LOCATION2 @CAPS12 said: "We've invested in simulations that have improved combat effectiveness by more than @PERCENT1." "@CAPS9 These simulate more American lives lost in recent wars." @CAPS14 Since you Have heard @CAPS11 about all the reasons why I support computers. I hope you know more about the subject @CAPS9 Computers, we can't understand the ground, talk to people instantly, or have good hand-eye coordination. I hope others can see why @CAPS11 supports computers.
Dear @LOCATION1, @CAPS1, you @MONTH1 know there are a lot of people in our town who have been fighting over computers. Some people are professional computer users, while others are not. Computers are a great @CAPS2 technology in my opinion. One way that computers benefit our society is by having access to vast amounts of information, pictures, and news. You can also chat with @CAPS2 or old friends. Another benefit of a computer is that you can also have fun online, watch movies, and even go shopping. Have you ever reported on far lands? Maybe you've never heard of @LOCATION2 or @CAPS2 @CAPS3. What about you? Search the web! No need to go to the library, just search one of the many search engines like @CAPS1 @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS4, @ORGANIZATION2 or @CAPS5! @PERCENT1 People nowadays have at least one or two computers at home. People from @PERCENT2 can access the web from their phones! Can you believe it? Pictures are also accessible on the web. You can use @CAPS12 in image search engines. Have you ever wandered past events in our country or other countries? In some citations, you can live stream newsfeeds or articles about @CAPS2, such as @CAPS1, the recent @LOCATION4 earthquake. The Internet is benefiting our society today. Aim is just one of many private chat rooms available to people. In these open chat rooms, you can chat with people from thousands of miles away. "I was looking for my friend @CAPS7 on @CAPS6, I found her page before this year, we didn't have @CAPS8 to talk about @CAPS1, but now we can chat via Facebook, we're hanging out and chatting all the time!" comment @ LOCATION3 Avid @CAPS6 user. Dating references are now also available. There you can meet and build relationships with @CAPS2 people. Entertainment on the Internet is everywhere. You can play games, watch missed episodes of your favorite @CAPS8.V shows, stream live movies, watch videos on @CAPS9 and more! Many people think that commuting is just pointless games, but it's good to have educational fun games @CAPS1 like @CAPS1 @CAPS10, @CAPS11 and @CAPS12 to learn. Did you know that more than @PERCENT3 buy clothes auto parts and other stuff at auctions like @CAPS1 ebay and amazon? I remember one time my dad and I were going to a movie and we didn't know @CAPS8 for sure when the wat was playing or when they started. So we just looked on the cinema's website. So now you're on my position on the computer issue now. A computer is a good reference point for you to chat
@ORGANIZATION1, on the @DATE1 computer helper race. Computers are everywhere, at school, at home, and in business at @CAPS1. They help people in a variety of ways, depending on the job people want to get done. The way I use the computer is to keep in touch with my friends, family and it also helps me with my studies. I've lived for @NUM1 @DATE1 and have lived in @NUM2 different states: @LOCATION3, @LOCATION1, @LOCATION2, now @CAPS2 you'd think I'd have a lot of friends living in so many places. How can I keep in touch with them you @MONTH1 use? I use various and @CAPS3. If you get rid of the computer, I won't be able to keep in touch with tem anymore. Moving from one place to another is a very difficult and sad thing for me. Another hard thing for me to do is leave my family, but thanks to technology and computers, I keep in touch with them. Imagine you haven't seen your family on @NUM3 @DATE1, sorry for my birthday @CAPS4, all the family you can see are your parents. Schools are another great example where societies benefit from computers, which are used by students and teachers every day to learn. In my opinion, learning is the greatest thing. A friend of mine @PERSON1 talks about the Dell computer we use in the library @CAPS4, but you don't know anything about what you learned in class @CAPS5 that day. I use a computer to understand it better. Computers are a great way to study topics, which is why you shouldn't get rid of them. I use the computer every day for two reasons to go to school, to research or to write projects for any of my courses. Every day I spend at least @NUM4 writing something for school. Computers help reduce the time it takes to write it, because it's fast and easy, and it's easy to type, like @CAPS6's paper on ways to persuade readers. In the end, a computer is something we need in our lives because it makes life easier. If I were to send a message to some friends in @LOCATION2 via @CAPS7, it would take a few seconds. Conversely, if I were to use @ORGANIZATION2 it would take days. Life without a computer makes it harder to do things that we can't make easier with a computer"
In my opinion, I think computers have a good influence on people. I think it's because about millions of people use computers every day! The effect on them is that it is easier for people to learn things. There are millions of job sites related to learning. About @NUM1 college students challenged online. If you're a collage student and collage online, you'll: see your family more, collage is less of a hassle, and it's easier to focus on yourself and your studies. Also, they even make very popular stones for learning different languages that you can learn on a computer. My second reason is at .about @NUM2 times our daily activities! Call you online and you can also give them cooler conversations. I know there is a facebook give don't think it will be a good thing. Get up for free. So all in all, I think it has a good effect on people using cpu. Also, when everyone who uses their cpu still enjoys nature talking to their family. So if you don't have a cpu, you'll get one and do other fun things you like.
@ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 Computers were invented and they have grown a lot, which makes a lot of @ORGANIZATION1 people use them more. More and more people are using computers, but not everyone agrees that it is good for society. Those who support technological progress believe that computers have a positive impact on people, but also a negative impact. I believe that computers have a negative impact on people because people spend too much time on them; not exercising, more dangerous, less social with family and friends. First of all @ORGANIZATION1, the negative effect of computers on people is that they spend too much time on the computer, resulting in less exercise. Recently, @CAPS3 talked to the local @CAPS2 about this issue, she said, @CAPS3 has a home computer and my son is the one who is late from school. "It shows that a lot of kids are on the computer too much. I have to type that I personally sit at the computer sometimes without even realizing it for the past two hours. I tried to reduce my computer time, but it didn't really work. Sitting at the computer I also watch sports for hours a day. The time spent on the computer may be the time you are exercising. Now someone's health is very important. Spending too much time on the computer without exercising is the main negative effect of the computer Second, Parents are most concerned about @ORGANIZATION1 Computer is a lot of dangers and this is another negative effect it has on people. The new biggest website recently is facebook. A lot of people are addicted to it. Although, it's not always safe Another new thing is oovoo or skype , which allows you to talk to someone using a webcam. Sometimes a teen may "meet" someone online and agree to do something on the webcam for someone they don't really know. These sites are not safe and know that Young people they may be at risk. @CAPS3 talked to some researchers about this and they agree that these sites are @PERCENT1 dangerous for teens. All these dangerous risks are another negative impact of computers on people Finally, another negative effect of computers on people is less interaction with family and friends. Instead @ORGANIZATION1 get together with friends and people just chat on the computer. It's not the same as a real party. I actually like it Family get-together. It feels so much better and fun to see all my aunts, uncles and cousins. I email my family and friends when I don't see them, but when @CAPS3 gets together I'd be excited. Now, for a lot of @ORGANIZATION1 people, that's not the case. A lot of people work long hours and spend too much time on the computer, which takes time away from interacting with others, which should be more important. Computers also Will negatively affect people's interactions with family and friends. In conclusion, I think computers have negative effects on people. Computers put people at risk of spending a lot of @ORGANIZATION1 time at risk and take away interaction time. I highly recommend you check out me Terms."
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, I've been told that recently there have been questions about using computers. Some people say that computers negatively affect people when they are in use, but I personally disagree with that statement. I believe that computers in today's society have created an ideal atmosphere for learning, communicating and creating fun. Computers are changing the way people live their daily lives. This technology is the foundation of our future, and our future is built around our computers. People learn to make them better at things, to understand what's going on, and to gain knowledge that might help me succeed in life. Computers have access to information people want to know, whether it's using youtube.com to see how it dances, learning about vacation spots your family might go to, or researching the subject of a school paper: Computers have it all. It's right at home, so without driving to the library and waiting for books with the right research skills, just about anyone can find the exact information they're looking for. Computers contribute to those who want to learn. Being a popular used computer is important to keep them in top condition. Whether that means faster internet, better research books, or more websites, a single computer will suffice. Long before the invention of the telephone, people have struggled to find a reliable source of communication because communication is the primary source of communication. From a computer, @CAPS1, @CAPS2 and email are easy and guaranteed ways to talk to everyone. With just a click of a mouse, a person can talk to their best friend as if they were right next to them. Communication plays an important role in a civilization or society. It makes life so easy without creating a place where people become lazy. Conversing with people through the use of a computer has become easier and more reliable than ever. People can email teachers when they have homework questions, people can check grades online, and people can chat with their friends and family anytime, anywhere. So we people say computer. If a sibling is in college, their @CAPS3, when the family gets together, they can because new things are discovered through the computer every day. It can come to a person in many ways. Computers can emphasize that fun is never a bad thing. Computers provide video games, learning games, and creativity. This technology keeps people open to everything. It allows them to have fun, but at the same time learn about the world and even themselves. Sometimes computers can inspire people to do things like form a group to improve the environment or run around the block. Even with the actual computer inside, it can be fun and creative when anyone wants it. Computers expand a person's knowledge, allow people to communicate, and create a whole new and interesting word. Research topics can be easily accessed from a computer. Communicating with others makes life easier, has fun while inspiring people all over the world, and enables computers to have an overall positive impact on people. It creates a new atmosphere to enjoy different things. Computers affect people in the greatest way, and I don't know why some people are skeptical of the grandiose ways it engages people in the environment.
Dear local paper @CAPS1, I am against computers that benefit society anyway. Yes, computers are a great way to learn about things around the world, but people have to worry about what's in front of them. Constantly looking at the computer reduces the time spent exercising, seeing opportunities to enjoy nature, and interacting with family and friends. The computer doesn't benefit everyone because it reduces the time it takes to exercise. You always get tired when people aren't exercising because they're too busy doing something less important. You don't want to do anything, just sit there and do nothing, it takes laziness, and if you don't exercise, you become weak. You don't have the strength to eat or lift anything that requires your bones to weaken, and you won't get the calories, calcium, and vitamins your body needs to be strong. You will gain weight, which requires you to be out of shape. Since your body isn't exercising, weight and fat remain the same. Using a computer doesn't help you enjoy nature the way you should. You will never see the world as it is. You always miss out on fun activities and then when people start talking about how much fun they have, you wish you were there. And you'll be stuck in a boring house forever with nothing interesting to do. If you are always on the computer, you will never interact with family and friends. This is usually more important than computers because they will always be by your side. You'll miss out on fun important occasions with your family because you're so addicted to the computer. Your friends will no longer be with you because you didn't hang out with them. Computers really don't benefit the average person because you miss out on the finer things in life. You'll miss out on exercise, nature, and especially family and friends. Then you'll wish you spent time with them instead of the computer because you'll see them having fun and you want to have fun too!
Are computers really good for society? This has been a tricky problem for years. Some people say that computers have helped a lot, it has allowed us to see the world from a different perspective; we have learned more from the tremendous growth of computers and technology. While others say computers are addicting, using a @CAPS2 unsafe and insecure machine, especially when it leaves a lot of personal files when connected to the internet. Additionally, people are spending more time than ever on their computers, missing out on family and friends, and being unable to enjoy nature and other simple things in life. Also, if you want my honest opinion, a computer should only be used as a tool. "In fact, many people think of computers as personal diaries or things to keep files, or even to play games," @PERSON2 said. "They ignore the biggest fact that computers are just there to make life easier. That's really what computers do, help us." It can be as simple as @CAPS1 (@ORGANIZATION1) or as complex as a supercomputer, but it still only serves the primary purpose of making life easier. Even if you try to upgrade your computer, it still serves the same purpose, but people still think it's still the next big thing in entertainment. Many people may not know it yet, but computers can turn on you and really ruin your life. People have been using computers since @PERSON1 made @ORGANIZATION2 the @CAPS2 Pop Disk @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1. It's not because he created the fastest computer ever. That's because @ORGANIZATION2 is selling worldwide; for businesses, small businesses, schools, and even entertainment venues. A few years ago they made a product called the xbox @NUM1. It revolutionized gaming and the way people looked at it. But what is the problem here? The problem is because @ORGANIZATION2 people are more addicted to entertainment these days. When this happens, people will start to rely on computers. Not that @ORGANIZATION2 did something bad, but because @CAPS2 computers have internet, those who rely on computers will find it hard to avoid getting hacked, or worse, having all their information stolen. One thing remains constant about computers. When family and friends spend all their time on the computer, they can find it difficult to talk to their loved ones. This makes communication difficult, and like I said before, it's very addicting. "@CAPS2 People who don't have real friends chat online with people who don't know their real identity." @CAPS3 @PERSON3 said. Online dating is the unsafe thing @CAPS2 does on a computer. More than @PERCENT1 online people are not what they say they are, and people are often separated from their real friends in order to find this new "friend" they made. So keep in mind that even if the computer is
Dear @LOCATION2, @CAPS1 is @CAPS2 where people support computer technology and others don't. I am a firm believer that owning a computer generally has a positive effect. This is because many jobs use them every day, which is very productive for them. Also, there are computers that allow people to connect with other people, edit things that other technologies can't edit, play fun games, the @CAPS3 computer is for educational sites; games and articles. This can help many children find a good education and adults find comfortable and happy jobs. mainly. Computers have a positive effect on people because work often uses them. A job like @ORGANIZATION1 and any type of police job facilitates people in America and the rest of the world. My father always told me, "Computers save people every day". Even schools use computers! They provide educational information about school students and are used frequently by my school @LOCATION1 school. For example, I saw my teacher. Sir, @CAPS4 every time his computer moves around the classroom. Pretty much all @PERCENT1 at work involves computers storing information or any other purposeful function. Do you want all these people to lose their jobs because of their skills and know-how in computer technology? I know I won't, @CAPS5 Remember, computers provide many people with a safe and healthy life. Also, computers have a positive effect on people because they can do many things that other things cannot. It's like living in the city with someone from afar, or editing a photo. Even gaming on a computer can relax just about anyone. @CAPS6 is an example of being in town with other people. For me, @CAPS6 is a lifesaver. It allowed me to talk to my brother White in his messy college. In fact, almost everyone at @PERCENT2 has a @CAPS7, @CAPS6 or @CAPS9 live account on their computer on the public website. Computers save photos that you can edit, or even just save for viewing. I don't want my photos and my @CAPS6 to be deleted because nothing else can compete with a powerful computer for having a good time and entertaining me so well. Third, computers have a positive impact on people because they allow adults and children to have educational opportunities. I remember playing many fun math games in my old elementary school. These are @CAPS5, my education on this game has greatly improved. These games are used frequently all over the world. Also, the economy has lost jobs. However, we are finding more and more jobs every day from adults trying to find a decent job online. Computers save people from losing their houses because they make money with the help of computers, computers are a good idea to sum up. I implore you, computer technology has a strong positive impact on people. A computer is like a pencil to a student. Because they are very important. Work uses them every day, people connect, and education grows as a result. This is why technology or computers affect people in a good way.
@ORGANIZATION1, in my opinion, the impact of computers on people is good. I believe this is because people can learn hand-eye coordination, allowing people to understand distant places and people, and even allowing people to talk to people from all over the world. First, the impact of computers on people is good because people can learn hand-eye coordination. Hand-eye coordination is great on many occasions. Second, the impact of computers on people is good because computers enable people to understand distant places, and people are important because people can learn about important people in history and life. Finally, the influence of people on computers is good because computers allow people to talk to people from all over the world. This is useful because people can get to know each other, their customs and religion, as well as their culture and heritage. All in all, I believe that computers have a good effect on people because they can learn hand-eye coordination. Computers enable people to learn about distant places and people and computers, and even allow people to chat online with people from all over the world.
To this @MONTH1 follower, it seems to me that computers have greatly improved our lives. Therefore, I believe that owning and using a computer is for the greater good. The three reasons that supported my decision are that computers allow us to find information quickly and easily, they allow us to connect with people from afar, and they help us learn more about life and the planet we inhabit. Please consider my reasons when making your decision. My first reason is that computers allow us to find information quickly and easily. This in turn allows us to get more work done. For example, say you are reporting on @CAPS1 @CAPS2. You can run to the library and flip through hundreds of books and newspapers, or you can sit in front of your computer, open a web browser, and type "@CAPS1 @CAPS2" into the search box. In seconds, you'll be searching hundreds of library newspapers and even other computers for information on your subject. You can also find information about videos. Old news broadcasts, TV shows, documentaries, you name it. Everything is at your fingertips. My second reason is that it can connect people from far away. If I said that to my mom, she would probably tell me to use my phone, but a computer can do everything a phone can do and more. You can share photos, videos, games, and just about anything. Recently, I joined facebook and now I can talk to people I haven't seen in years and who have left the place where I was born. On @DATE1 I went to my @CAPS3. My dad introduced me to his uncle, who shares my name. Then about a month later, I got a friend request from @CAPS4 from @LOCATION1, @LOCATION4, which is far from where I live and now live. After chatting with him for a while, I learned that he is the father of my son. If it wasn't for my computer, I would never have met him. Also, I recently learned and got pretty good. So one day my friends will see me through a file with everything. We started videotaping the post. So computers also let us do things without their presence. My third and final reason is that computers allow us to learn how to improve our lives and the planet we live in. A lot of people say that if you're on the computer all the time, you'll get fat and lazy, but that's not always the case. In fact, I have been able to improve my exercise routine by using a computer. Whenever I go out for a run, I can come home and know exactly how far I ran, how many calories I burned, and anything else I wanted to know. I was also able to find new and more effective exercises that allow me to target different muscles. Now let's talk about what we can learn about our planet. We can use computers to find weather patterns, allowing us to plan our days accordingly. We can also use it to learn about news happening around the world. For example, on the day of the earthquake in @LOCATION2, I opened my homepage and it was there and I was able to understand what happened. Finally, a computer allows us to learn about different cultures around the world. We can learn how the ancient Egyptians lived, how people in @LOCATION3 or @CAPS5 made their money or how they built their houses. If we didn't have computers, we would never know everything. In conclusion, computers have greatly improved human life. They make us and how to improve our lives. I hope this letter helps you make decisions about the impact of computers on people's lives.
Dear @LOCATION1, I understand this focus situation where computers or people in our society are less responsive than their influence, who is my question? The computer has worked really well for our town designation. Computer-aided tracking of hand-eye coordination. They give people the opportunity to see and talk to things, and their wallets are emptying faster than it can. @CAPS2 also has the ability to help people do more important things than pigsties. Let me explain these reasons a little more. Computers are very beneficial to our society because they are the children who track the hand-eye coordination of children and adults. Just to help you understand why you are teaching hand-eye coordination, @CAPS2 has a lot to help you learn, but helping you learn will help you. In football, catching the ball helps impart skills but gets you on your feet after being drawn to your potential self. Swing on the baseball field to teach him skills, but if it's close to you, you might recover because someone might hurt them if you play. Computers are a great way to get this skill in a saw Even @CAPS1 @PERSON1 in town says he's seen a kid with better hand-eye coordination because we have a good one in town? Well, computers let people do that. You can talk to relatives far away, but keep it with you. I'm sure you want to know if I have any other reasons. Computers have to do the same thing electronically so fast, looking at the computer's hard drive, @CAPS2 has so much more running on it that it would leave the room empty. Before my family had a computer dedicated to your file files that were so important we couldn't lose. Woke up, took a picture, saved us was empty! I hope this letter demonstrates to you the impact of computers on our society. Computer aids and in the process of hand-eye coordination. Helping things happen, but if done in real life, they're also faster than electronically. So now, after you sent this letter, I am publishing this letter to tell you every good thing about computers. Thank you again for reading this letter.
Dear @CAPS1 Newspaper, @CAPS2 Do you know what computers do to the people of @LOCATION1? Well, I @CAPS2. People are at @NUM1. We need @CAPS2 to do some processing on these machines. They stop people from exercising, going out, and just keep them at home all day. One of the reasons I think we should get rid of computers is that people aren't going there to exercise. The computer next to @LOCATION2 is probably the first thing that makes you fat. Kids sometimes eat snacks and junk food on the computer all day, when they should be eating healthy fruits and vegetables. You can. @CAPS2 Pretty much anything you @CAPS2's computer in your everyday life, that's how good the technology is. A computer is something that makes people addicted to something. Computers have games, the Internet, and ways to talk to people. The second reason is that the computer is constantly taking money out of your pocket. When you buy a computer, most people only buy the most expensive one because the salesperson can talk. Most people don't know what kind of computer they should buy, so they buy the most expensive one because they think the more the better. Also, just buying a computer isn't everything. When you download software, games and mobile devices, these all cost money. It can cost a hundred dollars to download something. Plus, most people can't afford these downloads after buying themselves an expensive computer. My third point is that a computer is just a full time. People spend hours on their computers doing silly things like playing games and chatting while they should all be outside enjoying the fresh air. Going out is very important for your health. The next time you're doing something on your computer that you don't need to do, get outside. Come to think of it, how often do you go to @CAPS for 2 hours? My guess, not much. Now @CAPS2 do you know what the computer did to the people at @LOCATION1? They make people fat, don't go there to exercise, eat junk food, and play games on this stupid technology all day. Instead of staring at the computer all day, think about the air you need. Also, you don't want to spend all your hard work money on a dumb technology. Plus, you don't want to deal with software and viruses. My advice, computers suck.
I believe that computers are good for society and help people understand things more clearly. Computers help people learn, learn, and even talk to other people. Here are some good reasons why computers can help people solve problems. First, the computer will give you information that you won't find in books. People can look up vacation locations, what grade their children are at school, and find healthy food recipes. Without computers, people would get lost and not know what to do. Next, the computer lets you talk to your friends. You can discuss the weather, your thoughts, and even plan a workout day. What if something important happens? This person does not have his or her phone number. What can they do? They can tell their friends on the computer. It's much easier than driving to someone's house and driving all the way back. Finally, a computer can give you a good sense of hand-eye coordination. A computer can teach you how to type without even looking at the keyboard. This skill can be used to pursue a good career in woodworking. Computers can also help you learn new jobs and what the requirements are. All in all, I believe that computers make it easier for people to know important information at their fingertips. It can also help them do whatever they want. Enjoy talking to friends, finding information and teaching skills.
For the folks that @MONTH1 is following, @CAPS1 more people are getting involved with computers, and I think that's fine, others aren't. I believe using a computer is a good thing because technology will advance and computers will be the foundation and computers are now more secure because of or privacy options and virus blocking. Finally, computers can help you gather knowledge that no book can tell you. Although technology is advancing, computers are only the foundation. Sooner or later, everything will be computer-based, such as work, school, and medical fields. Jobs will have more computers and touchscreen devices because they are easier and more technologically advanced. As for the school @CAPS1, students must take computer classes to learn how to write brochures and make websites. The medical field is now using more advanced ultrasound to take images and give them mental states. So, if everything around you is changing, why are you holding on to the past? While some people are concerned about internet security and viruses, there are ways to limit these. As for social networking sites, don't set it up for the world to see. Set it to be viewable only by your friends. Also, make sure you know who your friends are. As for viruses, don't go to websites that cause viruses. Plus, you can get virus blockers that help eliminate them. Computers also help provide and acquire knowledge for you. You can learn about related civilizations. Or a modern day without ever stepping out of your house. The internet also has virtual simulations so you can experience what it's like in other cultures, pericals at other times. The knowledge that computers give you can help you through your life, especially if you don't have a library. Although some people disagree that computers are the foundation of technology, I think computers are safe and full of knowledge. Yes, they do have some flaws, but they are a great learning tool.
Dear @PERSON1, experts are concerned about the use of computers. They say they spend hours on the computer and little time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. I agree. When people use computers, they don't interact and meet new people in person. They stay inside, don't exercise, and kids may talk to strangers. When we use computers, we chat online with friends and don't really interact with others. We meet new people and chat online, but never meet them and socialize, so this is a disadvantage of computers. Another problem is lack of exercise. When we are on the computer, we spend a lot of time and sometimes even forget to exercise. Then we slowly start to become unhealthy. Another major problem with computers is talking or chatting with strangers. Some people may meet some random people online and give them personal information. Kids may even meet some strangers they've talked to online and get hurt! Well, thanks for reading my thoughts on computers. I hope you take them into consideration. Children and even adults do not interact with friends, lack exercise, and give personal information to strangers.
Dear newspaper, some people are asking about the impact of other people's computers on other people. Some experts worry that people spend too much time on the computer and too little time exercising, enjoying nature and interacting with family and friends. But I think it's great for commuters, it doesn't keep people away from other activities. First, computers don't keep people away from other activities, because there are @NUM1 hours a day, and if people don't leave their computers, they'll just walk away and do other activities. Although computers are a lot of things, and fun. people. There should still be common ground because it's getting out of the car and doing other things, so I think it's pretty fulfilling if they don't. There are also many reasons why people should stop computers because people are not doing other activities. Second, computers don't keep people away from other activities, because there's a lot of disruption that keeps people away from other activities, so why blame the computer. For example, TV stops people from doing other activities, but they don't talk about stopping. Computers also teach you a lot of things, can tell you a lot of things you don't know, and are trying to figure out. For example, your family history, you can go to the computer to check. In the end, computers don't keep people away from other activities because if people are really worried about other activities, then they're going to leave the computer to do what they have to do. For example, if they have to go to the gym, then they should get off the computer and go to the gym, because the computer won't make you fat, you will make yourself fat, so should be rational enough to go to the gym and not be in front of the computer all day. Also, if you're planning to spend time with your family, how does the computer stop you from doing that, you should already know what you need to do, I don't think the computer will let you forget about things like this. So if they don't forget the computer, it will be a person's happiness. Speaking of which, the computer doesn't keep people away from other activities because it's the responsibility of remembering what they need to do instead of the computer, and is more disruptive than the computer, but it's still not the computer's fault, it's yours.
@MONTH1 who cares, I was sitting at home when I realized this had to end! The computer craze kept my mother and stepfather away from me, I mean when they were on facebook they were in another galaxy. The family was never together as usual. Plus, they argue, don't sleep anymore, we don't spend any time together! Not spending time with family is not a good thing. Socializing is good for everyone. Socializing is a very important role-playing game even when time is not spent with family. Arguing, on the other hand, is not. Arguing only reduces social time. Arguing in my family creates friction to the point that we become unsocial and turn to computers. Now, if computers are being debated, then we have a huge problem. Arguments never end! Not sleeping is my biggest worry when they're awake all night for that stupid thing, oh my gosh don't get me started. I believe they don't have a good day during the day at school. Actually I know they don't know because they are daytime. Computers make my parents run out of family time, fighting, not sleeping, they spend more time on their PCs than I do! @CITY1 @PERSON1 I think we have a problem. a big one!
I believe people spend too much time on the computer. If people spend hours at the computer, it can lead to poor eyesight. They don't get enough exercise. Most teens don't get their homework done because @CAPS1 people's eyesight gets progressively worse as they sit at the computer for countless hours. The bright lights on the screen blur your eyes, and more people say they're blind looking at a computer than staring at a light. Sitting in front of a screen you are not sitting in front of a screen you are not getting any exercise. You mostly just move your hands and fingers. If people don't exercise at least @NUM1 minutes a day, we'll all turn into a week. In the end, your kids may be doing their homework. When they are in his or her room, they most likely have all the computers. If they spend too much time on the computer, they are more likely to fail. This means they are likely to stay. In other words, people spend too much time on the computer. If we keep doing this, most people will lose their sight. If citizens continue to sit there, then we will become unhealthy. Finally, more teens want to do their homework and won't be successful.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, I agree with some professionals who believe that computers make it impossible for people to exercise, enjoy nature, and spend quality time with friends and family. Some people think @NUM1 @NUM2 is cool on a computer. In fact, a computer with internet is like having @CAPS1 at your fingertips, distractions, etc. You can find anything on the internet these days. Some people use the internet to do their homework. Sometimes one can find a definitive answer to some kind of attribution. This means they are becoming more and more dependent on technology. If the world becomes more and more reliant on computers and such, that could mean things. The world is suffering because people neglect to pick up trash and try to stop @ORGANIZATION2. Most people don't take action, but use a computer. People are getting lazy these days. As I said, most people are getting lazy these days because all they have to do is sit down and do little things. That being said, exercise and proper diet are neglected. They also neglect to spend time with friends and family. Instead of texting or @CAPS2, try calling them. Or, even if you are free, you can go and plan a visit with your family. I just ask that you spend extra time with your family because you can always make more friends or a new computer. But you can't get a new family.
Dear Newspaper @CAPS1, @CAPS2 People think the negatives of computers outweigh the positives. I believe that the help of computers far outweighs the harm. There are small examples of computers hurting people, but @CAPS2 more examples of them helping @CAPS2 people. In some cases, victims of accidents recover with the help of computers. Likewise, at other times, close family or friends can talk to each other via @CAPS3. Also, one can learn about amazing places. Therefore, computers are very important to us. Computers are vital to us because they help our responses. Based on my experience as a computer engineer. I've learned that playing or using a computer to talk can help reflex injuries to victims of accidents. Computers help victims by giving them a better understanding of their environment. The victim could see exactly what he was doing, and so could he and the doctor. Like sensible physical therapy, the computer is a relief. As a result, the patient becomes stronger physically and mentally. Therefore, computers can help humans improve their reflexes. Also, to help with our responses, computers with @CAPS3 will help people who are far apart to connect. One of the ways people connect from far away is with soldiers and their families. Back in my military days, nothing was more helpful than talking. The easiest way is to discuss. It gave me a huge. Therefore, computers are essential to human beings. Likewise, computers help us see amazing places. For example, when a @NUM1-year-old boy visits a site that talks about the wonders of the @LOCATION1 rainforest. Then he told his science class, who spread the message about protecting the forest. Then the boy grows up to be an explorer for @LOCATION1, looking for new species. This all happens because he is on the computer. Computers help us see the invisible. Finally, it would be nice if computers were used in supervision. They help victims heal, soldiers connect and inspire young people, and computers are a vital source of human knowledge and progress.
Dear @CAPS1, I believe that computers have enormous benefits to society. I have a computer myself; this is very important and useful to me. Over @PERCENT1 households in our town own at least one computer. Computers are an important source of information. They also allow you to talk to people even if they are far away. From mu's point of view, they are also very convenient and easy to use. Based on these positives, @CAPS3 don't you agree with me? Computers are an important source of information. Unlike books that have to be found and bought, tons of information is just a click away! With a computer, you can learn about distant places and people without visiting or talking to them. Let me compare it to a book. Suppose you want to do research on @PERSON1. You have to go to the library and find a book about him. What would you do if you couldn't find information about him? Using a computer, you can type "@CAPS2 of @PERSON1" into a search engine and get the message in a minute! I like to save time, and a computer helps me do that. They also augment the information I use. Another amazing development in computer technology is that you can talk to people no matter where they are. Emailing is much faster than writing a letter. Have to pay to travel. Who @CAPS3 doesn't like this? Computers are very convenient. From the comfort of your bedroom you can surf the web, chat with people and more. You can get some work done from your computer at home. No need to go anywhere to work. My uncle was one of them. He is a stockbroker who does all his work on his home computer. It's a convenient and well-paying job. I asked him what he thought of his work. He said, "I love my job because I can work when I want to, and from the comfort of my home." @CAPS3 You don't want to have his job? I definitely will. In conclusion, computers are very useful to us. Did you know that computers were originally invented by @ORGANIZATION1 to perform very long calculations? Check out what they covered in @DATE1. They bring us information at an astonishing rate. They let us talk to people all over the world. They are very convenient. These are major benefits to society, and everyone should embrace computers.
Dear @CAPS1, I think computers have a positive impact on people because it helps you interact, learn and coordinate. By interacting with people like distant friends or unknown french fries. If they're far away, it's a great way to send photos back and forth to see how the person/people are doing. Family is a very important factor in computers because if you haven't seen the person, you can know how they are going in life. If not, you can meet new people. By meeting new people, you can make more connections and trust more people in your life. learn! Learning is good for both adults and children. Computers can teach children by showing them new words, colors, shapes and sizes. For adults, it can show them the meaning of words or new words. Words, colors and sizes can all be learned to circle on the computer. Computers can not only do mental things to affect you, but also physical coordination. You can improve your coordination by making you stronger as you type. Your hands are important and they help in many ways. Sitting in a computer chair all day can improve your posture. When you sit, your back becomes straighter. Your mind can focus on one thing that's good for you, like a computer screen. Now, one can assume that computers are good for you too. But for those who think otherwise, there may be negative thoughts.
Dear local paper, I think computers have both good and bad effects on people. Some people just sit and play games all day and are lazy. Others actually use their computers for what they need. Still others need their computers to do their work. I agree that some people spend less time working out in front of the computer all day! Would you rather play games all day than spend quality time with family and friends? Not me, I'd much rather be outside with friends or have a picnic with my family in the park or by the lake. For others, however, the story was quite different. Some people's daily lives require computers and other technological advancements. Many jobs today require you to use a computer, such as working in a bank where you use your computer all day! I also think that students also rely on computers for homework. Many students type reports and other stuff for school on their computers. Students also use computers to find information. The internet can be a great source for students. I know, for me, the internet has come in handy for school projects, or maybe something as simple as looking up a word. I can also understand why people don't really care about advances in technology or computers! Some people don't need them to do anything, and some people may think people are too much for them. For me, honestly, I find the computer useful because I can chat with my family online at @LOCATION1. I hope you like my take on computers, remember that they work for some but not all.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 and kids of any age in this society is the way to focus on the latest technology. One of the devices that affects people's lives is the computer. We need to break this habit and learn to do different activities! People are spending more and more time on computers, less time enjoying nature, and needing to interact more with friends and family, take the time to agree as I speak to you about how computers are taking over our lives my point of view! Is time flying by? Are you overwhelmed how life can go by so quickly? Well, if your answer is yes, stop the computer madness and head outside! You are not enjoying nature! Nature is as beautiful as @CAPS3 @CAPS4 love the gorgeous scenes of ocean and pink sand. Who would want to miss this? @PERCENT1 of @CAPS2 complains that they rarely enjoy life outside your house. Come to think of it, you won't be able to see the amazing change of seasons without going outdoors. "I want my @CAPS6, as she gets older, to experience all kinds of nature." Her daughter's @CAPS5. Well, @MONTH1 I added that little @CAPS6 won't get much natural from her if she doesn't take her eyes off the commute screen! Yes, commuters are super smart and have a lot to do, but if you want to miss out on the new trees you discover every day, be my guest! @PERCENT2 of all populations in @LOCATION2 are overweight due to technology entering our world. The biggest teaching is the computer! High-paid doctors have been trying since childhood to teach their parents to go out and play sports — while exercising and not staying home and playing video games. Now you're telling me, would you rather do a healthy workout and have all the energy you need, or do you want to slowly increase your energy and work things out while you're online? I remember @DATE1 grabbing my Nike high tops and my pink ipod and starting a jog while listening to my favorite song. Naturally, I am amazed when I finish each day as healthy as a banana, @NUM1 mac and cheese! "@CAPS7 My two daughters haven't visited their grandparents in over NUM1 years because technology has become a part of my life! This is a step!" @CAPS8 @PERSON1 to the media. Yes, commuters have "online calling" devices like the @CAPS9, but it's a bad habit if you're never going to spend quality time with your family. On @DATE3, @DATE2, my brother and I were so busy on the computer that we missed a birthday party for our family who were addicted to the device and needed to spend time with our loved ones. @PERCENT3 in all therapy computers have @CAPS2 in depression and have been flat because there is so much to do on this device and less time to connect with your members can chat with family about yours A day and game life? @CAPS10 Now never! What will you choose? Do you agree with computers taking over life? If you're trying to prove me wrong, keep in mind that nature is big, a lot of people are missing out on the advantages that technology is taking over people's over-habituation, and many households are less connected to @CAPS10, depending on the demographics you keep @LOCATION1 Good hands!
Dear newspaper, think computers are bad for society. I think there are three reasons for this, which are as follows: @CAPS1, people can't spend time with their families. Second, you can use instant messengers to get misspelled words. When you are doing your homework, you may be distracted by the computer. @CAPS1 The reason computers are bad for society is that people don't spend enough time with their families, I know I don't. When I can go out for a dog walk with my friends, I spend at least half a day staring at a screen. Also, instant messaging is the most addictive. When I type something, I use abbreviations for any word. The professor at @LOCATION1 said that at least @PERCENT1 students spelled acronyms on the test. For example, if you wanted to spell "what" instead of @PERCENT1 you would spell "@CAPS2". Finally, the last reason I think computers are bad for society is because you can be distracted by it. I know this because I was driven into the computer world. whenever I do my homework. I can't take my eyes off the screen. So explain that computers are bad for society. In short, computers keep you from spending time with your family, make students misspell words, and distract you from your homework. I hope you agree with me.
Dear @CAPS1, I firmly believe that computers have a positive impact on people and society. My reasoning is that you can learn and find new information about anything, you can talk to people from afar, and computers can teach skills for future use. I would now like to further elaborate on my reasons. First of all, surfing the Internet and searching websites can help you understand and find any information you want. You can even ask questions on the internet and you are likely to get an answer. You can even use the information on your computer for reporting statistics showing @PERCENT1 people making reports and finding their facts on the internet. Google, Yahoo and other search sites help children become more interested in learning. Also, using a computer allows you to converse with other people from far away places or with friends you haven't seen in a while. You can even webcam with people. I remember my best friend moved to Florida a few weeks ago and now we chat online every day! Chatting online will even lower your phone bill. Nothing is lost by chatting online, and there is a charge for calls abroad. Computers allow you to talk to your best buddies and save money. Last but not least, the skills taught by computers can be applied later in life. Today, many jobs should use computers, and technology is making moms advanced. It has to know how to use a computer before you know it. Also, you may need a computer in college. Professor @CAPS2 even said, "Every kid in my class has some kind of computer." In college, you take notes and do homework. Using a computer will help you do this and make your life easier. As you can see, I believe that computers can greatly help people and society. My reasoning is that you can study and find any information, you can talk to other people from afar, and computer skills will help you live. Technology is advancing and sooner or later computers will be used.
Dear local paper @CAPS1, are computers really as good as they seem? In my opinion, they are used way too much in people's lives, and computers are a distraction that doesn't allow people to differentiate things in their lives if they're not always on the computer. People's lives are starting to revolve around using a computer, checking your Facebook, and checking out new videos at @CAPS2.com. I know from experience that facebook or myspace can be addicting. I'll spend hours commenting on pictures or new wall posts, and then at @NUM1 pm I realize I haven't started any of my homework yet. This happens so often that I end up staying awake until around @NUM2. I woke up at @NUM3 the next morning, exhausted. I'm not exaggerating, this happens to a lot of my friends, if you have kids, ask them because I'm @PERCENT1, make sure they're on Facebook or @CAPS3 all night. It doesn't just happen to kids either, my mom just got a Facebook and she's obsessed with it even more than me. Sometimes there is a contest to see who has the most photos, or the most friends. Kids start adding people as friends, not even knowing that computers are not only distracting but dangerous. At my school we had assemblies and they showed us how easy it is to find out someone's personal information, and even if you don't list your address or phone number, there are many other ways to find you. Wear your jersey if you take a photo right after winning a championship football game. Only one photo shows your team name, last name and number. Anyone can easily search the internet for all these things and know exactly where your next game is. As the local newspaper @CAPS1, I believe you must be concerned about the safety of your town, and even your own children. Some people @MONTH1 say "this will never happen to me", but it can easily happen, especially if you're on your computer a lot. I've noticed that many teenagers my age become addicted to using computers. A lot of time in the family, not spending time together. The syblings are fighting over who has access to the computer. One sybling @MONTH1 needs it for homework and the other just wants to talk to her friends on @CAPS3 and everyone thinks they deserve this computer. Computers began to take a strong interest in people's lives in a negative way. Once again they are distracting, dangerous and hurting families. Computers do more harm to society than they help society. Maybe you should look at how much time your kids spend on the computer.
Dear @LOCATION1 newspaper, I think computers are a good and a bad thing, because computers keep some people at home more than usual, on the other hand, computers allow you to talk to family members you haven't seen in a long time, search for upcoming events events and see if they are canceled and search for other things like movie playtimes. Computers are also an important part of school, as it is difficult to study without a computer, and for some teachers, most of their assignments require you to use a computer. There are other bad things about computers, for example: My friend spends most of the day on his computer playing video games. Like when he's on that computer, he doesn't listen to anyone, not even his parents. He hardly ever goes to dinner, and when he does, his laptop is by his side. His parents were getting fed up, so they took his TV and laptop away so he could go out and play with his friends. After a while, he started going out a lot, most of the time every day when the weather was nice. They gave him his computer and TV back. The only time he goes now is on rainy days.
Dear newspapers @CAPS1, @CAPS2, more and more people are coming to our proud and brave @LOCATION1 country. Computers are modes of handling simple and difficult situations, such as typing, looking up, and keeping track of finances. Despite their primary use, many @CAPS3 citizens have been using computers because of necessity, leading to the loss of healthy, social lives. These are movement and consumption lines that represent family and friends. So read on so @CAPS4 we can understand why the computer has gotten out of hand and forward my message to your readers. A lot of life is exercise, and thanks to the advent of modern computers, exercise is the key to healthy living. Personally, I at least know that poor young children in my school are victims of this cruel disease called obesity. The reason for these kids is simple - they overuse and forget the natural boundaries of using something. Almost every day, every mentally handicapped child uses their computer from the second time they go home until the moment they fall asleep. This staggering number of hours is essential for exercise so that their bodies can get used to the kids sleeping, eating, and computer habits. This mark-up estate for little kids, so others can pick on them for being fat, but they can't fight back, what have they been, so overuse of the computer can lead to an overweight kid with no movement, and no strength/muscles to rely on. Another reason why computers think so of @LOCATION1's young people is because of underuse of drugs. Every day I choose to walk from school because I want you @CAPS5 and want you to hear that breath and spend time with your friends and family, but again those abusive people see the importance of this. About two years ago, I've been on the computer, @CAPS6, playing video games, and various computer launch events. Every day, continuously, for about a year, I get home, on the computer, and start mine, just like I @LOCATION2. This caused me to lose time using the mouse. Also, if I need to reach out to @MONTH1's friends, I just @CAPS7 them, not speak in person. My family and friends love this electronic device, thankfully it's called a computer, @ORGANIZATION1 there is no such thing right now, but I want you to see the computer side and how to lose your family and friends. In conclusion, @ORGANIZATION1 guarantees all about how to publish. Hope you'll see an article in our newspaper @CAPS1 and request a column on computers, spend your precious time with exercise, nature, family and friends. Thank you for your letter, I will write an article on this topic.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I am a child of the technology generation, or the generation where technology has a new meaning. That meaning is life. In general, our lives revolve around technology the way @LOCATION3 revolves around the sun. The primary technological preference, computers, is very beneficial, not as bad as many have speculated, and helps us live and thrive in this struggling world. Look, if you want to bake a computer, then by all means bake it off. But if you do this without first considering all their angles, then you, my friend, have absolutely no position. You could say they are a neucence, but never use aho. You could argue that they can be used to detonate a bomb, but, let's be practical, how many normal people actually wake up and point out the dullness of life and then enter the command to detonate a bomb? An important benefit that you can obviously choose to ignore is the valuable information it puts in front of you on a @NUM1 inch screen aptly. You can read book reviews, read books, pack your stuff, and get the cutting edge news you want, just to name a few possible advantages. Also, not everything you think is bad is necessarily bad just because you say it. When you think of @CAPS3. Are you constantly thinking about vulgar, inappropriate and illegal images? It's fun because @CAPS3 keeps families connected, people occupied, and friends in different states on the same server. YouTube isn't all swear words and bad videos. My family picks actors for the show, and one way they get to know what the actors are capable of is by visiting their channel and checking out the videos they make. My mom would actually contact the actors in the video to see if they wanted to be professionals. That's business, finding talent where it's rarely found. Finally, have you ever wondered about the fact that computers are used to start companies and save lives? You might not even know it, astrologers use computers to monitor images of the universe captured by the Hubble space transport, and meteorologists use computers to track cloud formation from satellites. Maybe you didn't choose to say that surgeons can operate on @LOCATION2's patients in @LOCATION1's office? You didn't even say seismologists use computers to track the movement of tectonic plates to see where the epicenters of major earthquakes are? You just don't know. So, let's face it, computers are important. You may have done those little studies that you did. In fact, please forgive me. You probably didn't start by doing research and instead blame innocent people. Smooth action, man.
I think it's good to have a computer because you can research stuff, you can meet people and chat with them. Computers are important to society because they help keep track of things like doctor appointments and criminal records for police to follow up. Having a computer is great, but if you spend too much time on it, you can hurt your eyes. Having a computer will help you talk to your moving friends and have a website where they can talk to you on myspce or facebook or even yahoo chat. When you have a computer, it is very helpful in life and can help you in many areas. Computers can also cause problems like spending a lot of time and not getting enough sleep to go to school. Owning a computer can also be bad because sitting off or spending a lot of time can hurt your eyes and cause you to wear glasses. The way I look at it, too much is bad, so I think it's good to spend some time on it, do you agree?
Dear local paper, I disagree because it makes kids, kids do negative things like being rude, not listening, loud, not doing homework just because you are on the computer. Please hear why I disagree here are some reasons. I know my mom has what you have every @NUM1 minutes when I'm on the computer because those kids are watching you have nasty stuff on your computer and now they'll never learn how to kill man working on computer. I know I was being rude and disrespectful when I turned on that computer because you can't tell me anything when I'm on the computer because I'm in the computer and my attention is diverted to the computer. That's why they should have the @CAPS1 computer, because it will get noticed. I don't listen to my mom telling me to get in the car when I'm on the computer "I'll say "@CAPS1" I'm doing something she'll tell me to get off me @CAPS1 leave me alone cause I'm on the computer because I focus on the computer. And my computer is loud so @CAPS1 can get my attention, so my computer is always loud because my main focus is the computer, not anything I'll be doing later. Oh I don't even remember what happened when I turned on the computer. Don't do your school. I know I told my mom to let me use the computer so I could do my schoolwork and I was doing different things while Not doing my homework Mom says like you're doing homework, "I do get my homework done when I know I'm not done, but I say that because my focus is on the computer. This is why society should take back computers. I hope you can understand the reason I gave you, because society really should stop handing out computers in the first place. If you have a daughter or a son and know they have said some of these things, you now know that your child has been and always has been lying to you. Know that I can run @NUM2 minutes a day on my computer. So yes, take them away.
@ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 The benefit of computers to our society has been a hotly debated topic in our town. Many believe that computers provide quick and easy communication, help children and adults learn, and even teach balance habits to our generation. I firmly believe that computers are essential in our society. @CAPS2, @CAPS3! I miss you! "This sentence is @ORGANIZATION1 @NUM1 years old @PERSON1. @PERSON1 has been working overseas for two years at @LOCATION2, @LOCATION3. One of the only ways for @ORGANIZATION1 to reach her dad is through @ORGANIZATION3. Communicate in our society Very important, it brings family and friends closer. Computers provide multiple @ORGANIZATION1 forms of @ORGANIZATION1 communication such as @ORGANIZATION3, @CAPS5 and instant messaging. "@ORGANIZATION3" allows people to have everything called" Videophone chat". A tearful @PERSON2 said, "@CAPS4 @CAPS7's daughter has been @CAPS7's only companion since @CAPS7's wife passed away. With @ORGANIZATION3, I can not only hear her voice every day, but also see her face. It always makes me smile. "@CAPS5 and instant messaging also allow society to communicate with others quickly and easily. Invitations, announcements, just a quick "hello" can all be done by @CAPS5. So computers are very important to communicate in our society. You @CAPS4 See the look on a child's face @CAPS10 Has he/she learned something new? Computers provide great diversity in our society @ORGANIZATION1 education. For example, toddlers and children can use programs like @ORGANIZATION2 (@ CAPS6). @CAPS6 lessons teach kids to read, write and speak. “@CAPS7 kid uses @CAPS6 @CAPS10 He was a toddler,” @LOCATION1 resident @PERSON3 said, “now his teachers are his He was impressed by his reading and writing skills. I am incredibly proud. "Computers don't just teach kids, they teach adults too! Did you know that adults learn through computers @PERCENT1 @ORGANIZATION1 their knowledge about the environment, politics and other basic information? Computers Our society needs to help people learn. Finally, computers teach Balance. One @LOCATION1 mom said: "@CAPS7 teen @PERSON4 has learned how to balance computer and life and I can definitely see how it ties into other areas @ORGANIZATION1 Balance too. "@CAPS10 Teens learn to balance their computer time, they also learn how to balance, extracurricular activities at school. This shows that students actually learn responsibility from computers. I hope our society will take into account the fact that computers are necessary .@CAPS10 They provide versatility, teach education and help kids learn how to balance, what do we have to lose? Computers can definitely improve our society.”
Dear local press board... I am writing to you about how there is a substantial dilemma in the use of computers. From what I've collected, computers are good and bad. But I believe there is a more reasonable "@CAPS1" for computer use. In my opinion, I think computers are highly addictive because of computer addiction, reduced exercise time, and how the computer @MONTH1 "helps" them lose their social environment. Computers @MONTH1 seem to be helpful, but for @ORGANIZATION1, they are a great way to research @ORGANIZATION1's cause. But there are also options for research books. Computer use has risen to a serious crisis level because they are addictive. An example is the famous link called "@CAPS2," where you can socialize. However, when your child has a @CAPS2 and they do "homework" on the computer, there will be a @PERCENT1 and they will end up with @CAPS2 instead of homework where important information is found on @ORGANIZATION1 @DATE1 . Computer addiction is also due to online computer games. Online computer games can be fun, but a complete waste of time on your electricity bill, @ORGANIZATION1 is just for your kids. Computers are very addicting to @CAPS2 and online games. Computers are somewhat good, but important for your health. Did you know that @PERCENT2 of @LOCATION1 gained weight due to video games and computers? Computers are scary when it comes to this topic. When you work overtime, you start to gain weight by spending more time on the computer and less time exercising and staying healthy. This also revolves around addiction, through the use of computers for extended periods of time. Finally, computers are a dangerous topic when it comes to exercising and staying in shape. Computers are scary and scary when it comes to friends. A friend is someone you spend time with and interact with. But computers see it differently. Using a computer for a long time, you start to think that a computer is all you need. Soon your friends will leave you because you don't care about them and forget about them. This is also associated with addiction. Addicted, you will lose your friends, you will destroy your social environment. Computer @MONTH1 looks "fun" but gets frustrating when it comes to friends. In the end, I believe computers are a waste because they addicted you, become very unhealthy, and they work hard to destroy your social environment. With the facts I presented, they supported my reasoning. Computers are not the way to go. So, try books.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, Computers are a great source of any home. Many people's lives are hectic, and having a computer at home will make it easier. You can use it for research, organization and business affairs. I don't know what I would do without one. Education is very important, especially in our economy today. Computers make work and study fast and easy. When you need to research a topic for school, there is always an endless repository of information @CAPS6 you turn on your computer. @CAPS7 You get information from books and encyclopedias, but rarely always have time to go to your local library. Also, @CAPS6 you have a project at school to type in, it helps to have a computer at home so you don't have to use it for short periods of time. That way, you'll have more time to earn extra money from your school band's instrumental @CAPS3 teacher. I can imagine my grade is @CAPS6 I do have internet access @CAPS4 @CAPS5 at home. Did you over-cut or document and have a she happen @CAPS6 you own a computer you can back up @CAPS7 you imagine being on five pages of a paper and organizing is boring but you don't think so @CAPS6 it saves you a couple of bucks hours of writing! For some people, owning a computer @CAPS7 can make you money, who doesn't want more money? You can start your business online and avoid the hassle of running your business in your own space or building @CAPS8, which can be very expensive and time consuming. Also, you can avoid traveling from the store by buying items online. The item will then be delivered to your door. Doing so saves time and money. Anything to save money is a good way these days! By owning a computer, you can improve your education. Get yourself organized and save money. Although it also has many recreational purposes, it can also be very helpful in your life. Also, it's nice to go online and chat with friends occasionally, isn't it?
Dear @CAPS1, I think more and more people are using computers because it helps you get a job if you lose your job. Because some jobs are getting rude right now. Parents are also powerless because they do not have jobs to support their loved ones there. Another thing is that the price of cars is going up, so if you don't have a lot of money, you can go online and buy cars and trucks at great prices. It can help you save a lot of money in your pocket. For some reason, @NUM1 of @NUM2 like to travel far away, like @CAPS2, put or @LOCATION1, @CAPS3. If you go to these places then you need a place to stay and have a nice meal with your family or friends. So you need a nice delightful holetitle that will have great food, beds, pools and more things people love to do on vacation. For example if your mother or father what are you going to do in public school but you also don't do it because you heard something or said about the school because you couldn't find a good school online like @CAPS4, cap Pre, classile, brizzal, and some other schools are the best and most fun to go to and succeed in your life. Now that you know why more and more people use computers, and you should always use technology, it will help you in your hand to help people learn to use computers.
Dear newspaper, in my opinion, I think computers have really had a positive impact on people. They can learn about distant places. They let people talk online. It can even help you find a job. That's why I think computers are very positive. Of course, one can learn about distant places on a computer. For example, if someone wants to travel to @LOCATION1, they can look it up and learn about the laundry room. They can show tickets. They can also find interesting things in that country. These reasons are why I think computers are a positive technology. I think the next reason computers are positive for people is that people can communicate online. This can help families stay connected. It helps you find and talk to old friends (facebook). You can even make new friends to chat. These are other examples where I think computers are positive. The last reason I think computers have a positive impact on people is that it helps you get work done. It can help you find a job. It can also help you get the job done. Finally, it can get you a higher position at work. That's why I think computers are important and positive for people. For all the reasons above, I think computers are a great =) and positive technology, I mean look at all the reasons. They let people talk online. They can also teach you about faraway places. It can even help you get the job done. That's why I think computers have a positive effect on people.
Spend @NUM1 hours or more per day on the computer, according to @ORGANIZATION1 government @PERCENT1 of @CAPS1. A study shows that @CAPS1 is not getting enough exercise, not spending enough time with family, not enjoying life. Now people would rather do other things on the computer. As more and more people use computers, these people are not getting enough exercise. Now @PERCENT2 of @CAPS1 have gotten fat as they have been or computers all the time, @CAPS4 years @CAPS6 are healthy, but when a friend told him a site in @CAPS5 @NUM2 mins. Healthy @CAPS6 is obese after @NUM1 months. @CAPS6 always has junk food when @CAPS7 is on the computer. When @DATE1 arrives, @CAPS7 tries out for his school baseball team. @CAPS7 didn't work because @CAPS7 was deformed. After that, @CAPS7 went his old ways by eating healthy and exercising. Now @CAPS6 fits any @CAPS7 sport. Second, people are not spending enough time with their families. A lot of jobs require people to be on the computer. When this happens, a person forgets what is really important to them. A few years ago, @CAPS6 would have the biggest game of his life. That's the championship game. @CAPS7 is reminding his dad of all this. When the disappearance was about to begin, @CAPS6 searched the crowd for his father. @CAPS7 didn't see him at all. @CAPS6 just thinks his father is. After @CAPS5, @CAPS7 watched it again, but now @CAPS7 is sad. His own father did not play. His team @CAPS4 races. Now his dad doesn't miss anything because @CAPS7 doesn't get on the computer very often. In the end, people don't enjoy their lives, they'd rather be on the computer than doing the things they love. When @CAPS7 started getting on the computer, a @CAPS6 used to always play basketball with his friends, everything changed and people would ask him to play but @CAPS7 would refuse. The computer is the only thing that matters. When @CAPS6 tried for his @CAPS8 school, @CAPS7 didn't work out because @CAPS7 forgot how to play. When this happens, @CAPS7 stops using the computer and starts playing basketball again. Now when @CAPS7 tries, @CAPS7 succeeds. Don't decide now or never whether to waste your life or live your life on the computer. I'd rather live than be on a computer.
Dear newspaper, @ORGANIZATION1 has a paper on plant science tomorrow. She was absent @DATE1 and didn't know about it. If she had a computer, she could go to the website and check it out, but she doesn't. The town took them away. Another student @LOCATION1 is writing the same paper. Her handwriting is terrible, so her teachers won't be able to grade. What are they going to do? Although many say that computers are bad for society, most people know that life without computers would be a disaster. The new @CAPS1 is currently considering taking our town computer. This is a big problem for everyone involved. One of the reasons is that people need it to get information from search engines like "google" and "yahoo". They also use the Internet to communicate, such as "facebook" and "aim". Taking away the computer will greatly affect daily life. Social computer access to information. I know, whenever I don't know something, I look it up online. If I don't have this resource, my homework won't be as detailed as a computer. Another example is the public looking for information about the world on my computer. When many people hear about an earthquake in @LOCATION2, they can extract information in seconds. This has resulted in many bake sales and fundraisers. Finally, when kids miss their favorite @CAPS2 show one day, they can check it out the next day to catch up. This is an important part of teenage life. Society needs computers to find important information. Many people also use the Internet to communicate. I know that in my family, "email" is the reason everything works. My mom emails all her plans and sometimes even emails herself after get off work to remember things. Without it, our family would not function properly. Another way of communication is "facebook". Whenever my friends and I have questions about anything that happened that day. We will ask each other on this site. It's safe and saves you all the hassle of making phone calls. The last example is "target". It's a messaging tool that lets you chat instantly with friends and even see them via "video chat." Without the "target", my friends and I would not be able to show each other clothing and other items. Teens and adults alike need to communicate via computers. In short, society needs computers to find information and to converse with friends and colleagues. don't even think about it
I'm so glad I just finished my school report on @PERSON1 and I don't even have to leave my home. I was able to talk to my classmate and ask her questions online. I also managed to get all the info just from my computer. I also learned how to row a boat and showed my class how @LOCATION1 crossed the @CAPS1 river, which I learned by taking an online class. This is a case of why computers have a wonderful impact on people in our daily lives. Local research shows that @PERCENT1 in @CAPS2 use the internet when planning their careers. The reason these citizens use the internet is to get information about hotels and holidays. This is one way to make the computer a useful and active device as it makes it easier for the busy @CAPS2 to prepare for a trip by looking at hotel pictures online and getting all the information they need. Dr. @PERSON2 of @CAPS4 University said: "Computers now provide programs for busy @CAPS2 to learn new skills, and @PERCENT2 of @CAPS2 is currently using this software." group or class. That's why computers are so useful and people just love them. They can cook, do yoga or speak a new language at home on a computer without leaving the house. This is another reason why computers are useful in a very positive way. Imagine forgetting your homework at school and not getting an A in that class. Well, because computer forgetful students can chat with their classmates and do their homework online. Or they could even use the internet to visit the school's website and find the assignment and print it out. Many students across the country occasionally forget their homework because they can easily solve problems with a useful computer. Let's recap, students or adults can get information about programs and even vacations from the Internet. Busy @CAPS2 doesn't have time to leave home to take a class or learn a new skill right from the computer. Anyone can use internet chat or chat online to finish school or chat with distant friends. This is why the impact of computers on people is only positive. What can you do now? Computers are important to stay in our lives, they're helpful, we've learned to live with them, that's why they have to stay. This will benefit you because newspapers are organized by computers and it keeps your business running.
Many people in society think computers are terrible, and I think computers are great. Computers allow you to communicate with friends, family and relatives. With a computer, you can complete your homework faster without having to go to the library to find materials. Computers also allow you to dispel your anger at 1s and 0s. Experts like @ORGANIZATION1 think people talk to strangers on sites like facebook and myspace. If a parent puts his son on the site and makes it a friend-only profile, you'll be more secure. Communications engineer @PERSON1 says it's better for people to talk online than not know I know he's right because I'm relevant in @LOCATION1 I love to talk to, but they're @NUM1 miles away so communication is Or I'm going to get and then I have a facebook like they're next door. @CAPS1. @ORGANIZATION2 @PERSON1 says @PERCENT1's strangers are profiteers/thugs, after that, those who don't protect their profile will go and secure your profile and keep it safe. A computer is better than going to Libra! This is because going to the library means you have to round up the kids and go. With a computer, you can go to the office and do research, which saves money and fuel. If you have your project you can send it directly to their teacher. Among many experts today, like @CAPS1. @ORGANIZATION2 A rigged experiment. They say violence is cursed by games, but they use test subjects like bad guys you don't want to meet. I've found video games to be a great way to relieve stress during the day. Many of my friends have also discovered this. Video games make you think that's what makes them great. In short, computers are excellent. They do, so have the ability to communicate with your friends to get rid of the anger. What is not to love? Buy a computer now! !
The world is becoming more technologically advanced every year. Technology helps and benefits all of us in good, positive ways. Computers are part of this positive technology and definitely benefit society. Computers help us find places and things we've never seen before and teach us about them. In addition, computers have a positive impact on families, benefiting them immensely. Plus, they help adults from college to high school teens communicate with their friends. So computers help us all in some way, making life easier and more fun. Starting with computers helps us expand our knowledge. It helps us find facts or the latest news quickly. For example, just recently @DATE1 @CAPS1 came out and they usually stay late into the night so I didn't see the whole game. I can easily look it up on my computer to see who has won which medals. The computer helps me find medals quickly, so I don't have to wonder who didn't get one. Computers are helping us expand our knowledge all the time. They help us find facts to report, places we want to go, the benefits of a certain pet, and the possibilities are endless. Going on, computers help families by bringing them closer together in a way. A family member might be watching a funny show on youtube or @ORGANIZATION1 and might think it's so funny that they want their whole family to see you. Plus, stores now sell clothes online, so mothers and daughters can sit and shop together without leaving home. The computer brings my family together by renting movies from @LOCATION1 on our computer. It brings us together when it comes to choosing and picking out movies to rent. Plus, it brought us together for a family movie night. As a result, these things given by the computer have sparked discussions in the family and given a good topic that everyone can connect and talk about. Another way computers are beneficial is by bringing everyone together. There are many ways to communicate on a computer these days. There's Facebook, Twitter, email, goals, and more. They are all different, but they have one thing in common, which is bringing together old and new friends. For example, my mom just logged into Facebook so she could talk to all her old high school friends, and she found a good friend she hadn't seen in a long time, which made her very happy. Thus, it shows that computers can not only bring new people together, but also old people.
Dear local paper, I agree with the experts who say that people spend too much time on the computer. One reason is that people don't get enough exercise. Second, the new site has been built and people want to see how @CAPS1 works. 3. More and more teens have new technology. They've been on @CAPS1 and didn't realize they weren't spending time with their family. Now that you know, let's move on to my first reason. First, people spend a lot of time on the computer and don't have time to go out to exercise, and more people may think they don't need to go out. They really do, @CAPS1 what matters is that they get their body moving and blood flowing through their body. Another thing is that we don't always need answers from the computer. Find friends east of @CAPS1 and play games with them. Find something to do other than play games on your computer. Now that you know, let's move on to the second reason. Secondly, the computer network has put forward new ideas for the computer. They have Facebook now. More and more people are using Facebook now. This shows us here that they don't hang out, which also means most kids don't do their homework. Another thing is that parents either set the time on the computer or take the @CAPS1 way. They are just so much time that you can be on the computer and not get bored. Now that you know, let's move on to the last reason. Third, I would say that people spend more time on their computers than they do with their families. I say this because @CAPS1 it's important to spend as much time as possible with family and friends, not on the computer @NUM1. We also need to know what is going on in our daily lives. Another thing is that our family is much better than some games on the computer, go out and play waffle with your family. Now that you know, let's move on to conclusions. Anyway, you read an article about how people are spending more time on the computer than going out to work out, new sites keep them going longer, and not spending enough time with family and friends. @CAPS1 It's important to have a time limit on the computer and get up and move. Don't be a lazy couch potato and sit in front of the computer all day and go out and spend time with your family and friends, I hope you agree with me.
Dear local paper, I agree with the experts concerned and I am sure many others do. I bet if you keep reading it will be understandable why I agree. First, too many people spend too much time talking to friends online. I think once you start talking to them online, it can be done in person or over the phone. Chatting online is a great way to connect with friends and people you haven't seen in a while, but too much can cause problems. such as rumors. It seems to me that when friends get excited online, they decide to start spreading rumors about other people and it ends up being sent to pretty much everyone. Another example is fighting online, which can lead to a lot of problems, like fighting when you go back to school. How would you feel if you turned on your computer and found someone was talking about you or trying to argue with you? I'm pretty sure you won't like it and your feelings may be hurt. The next reason is that too much computer use affects most people's grades. Many people go home and turn on their computers instead of doing homework or studying. There are a lot of people who go to my school and their grades drop because of the internet. Soon, many people will drop out of school for failing the school year. For example, imagine yourself as a parent and get your child's transcript and find out that they have all @CAPS1 or most of @CAPS2. You won't like it either. Finally, computers lead to another problem called bullying. Too many kids are bullied online and they get hurt. The bullied kids are enjoying it and the bullied kids are having a hard time. Think no one cares about them. Bullying leads to death or many other problems. Imagine being a human being, being bullied, your feelings are really hurting, you don't talk to adults or your parents, and all you end up doing is suicide. Imagine how many parents are upset and your parents are upset to find out that their child is being bullied, it really hurts them. And I'm sure you won't be too happy if you're one of those parents. In conclusion, excessive surfing affects everyone, and
Dear @CAPS1 of @LOCATION1, the @CAPS2 world has a network where people can connect, learn and work productively. This wonderful network is in our computers. Computers are good for society as they help @CAPS3 connect with distant places, develop hand-eye coordination and get work done faster. In the days before computers, we were quarantined in areas near us. Stuck in our town, @CAPS2 knows nothing about the rest of the world, can't enjoy the beauty of @LOCATION3, and can't help the starving people in @LOCATION2. Funding from @PERCENT1 to @ORGANIZATION1, an organization helping with global disasters, comes online. Without computers, how would our willing people help the rest of the world, or even understand the rest of the world? To give our community access to the furthest reaches of the globe, give them computers. Computer-generated games and activities are more intense than you'll find anywhere else. Playing baseball simply doesn't require enough concentration. The sophisticated experience of computers can help future engineers and even pilots develop concentration and hand-eye coordination that can save lives. @PERSON1 in training @CAPS3 Air Force values the impact of computers. "They had a big positive impact," he said. "@CAPS4 Soldiers have great control and amazing reflexes that make them natural pilots." @CAPS5 Don't our community have a chance to excel as well? The computers we have to train @CAPS3 because we use them have the same reflexes and hand-eye coordination as the best in the military. Computers make our work faster and make our lives fun and meaningful. Before computers @CAPS7 and @PERCENT2 needed more time, but now they do our job quickly and without errors. @NUM1 year old author @PERSON2 says "The @CAPS4 computer helps me type @CAPS4 faster and more importantly it does it right." @CAPS7 Typing is more efficient when you use a computer accountants, students and even The reporters at your own newspaper all need computers to work faster and more efficiently. Don't hold back the workers in our community and give them the computers they need! Computers are too important and too useful to lose. Our community benefits from computers that help @CAPS3 connect to distant locations, provide @CAPS3 with hand-eye coordination and help @CAPS3 work quickly and correctly. So explain in your next article that we need our computers. Computers are essential in our community and without them we would be the last!
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, the computer is broken! The effects of excessive computer use can seriously change a person's life! People who spend too much time on the computer are likely to spend less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. I think the act of a computer overpowering a person's life should be taken seriously. Exercise is an essential part of anyone's life and the average @CAPS1 or average person has gained fifteen percent since the advent of the internet forty years ago! It's not reliable, and computers are making more and more people challenge themselves to run an extra mile, or swim an extra lap, and instead go home and play on the computer. Not only is this hurting people's weight, but gym equipment store owners are also having to close their stores as fewer and fewer people start exercising, or exercising like they should every day! Our children are also affected by this addictive feeling, and childhood obesity is one of the main effects on children because when they are heard playing these games, they also stop exercising and play video games. The average number of people going to @LOCATION2 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 is around @NUM1 people each year, but since the invention of the computer, attendance has dropped to more @NUM2 people each year. Fewer and fewer people will enjoy the fresh @DATE1 and spend it indoors in their country instead. This hurts both people and the wildlife around them. The ratio of squirrels in @LOCATION2 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 is @NUM3 in @DATE2, the year computers were invented. But just ten years later, that has changed, and now they are squirrels! This is because now they have fewer and fewer people living in @CAPS3 @CAPS3, feel less and less squirrels, they go to live in search of food. Tour guides working at @LOCATION2 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, we were fired because there were fewer people wanting to visit, so fewer tour guides needed. Families have found that the more a person plays on the computer, the less time they spend talking to @LOCATION1 or @CAPS4 @CAPS5. The scientists insisted that three different people spend an hour reading a book, another an hour on a computer, and then three hours on a computer to see who could talk to their mother the longest. The first person had a twenty-minute phone call with Mom, the second only ten minutes, and the last five minutes. This shows that the less time spent simply on the computer, the less interaction between son and mother, an important relationship in anyone's life. Mom worries that next time they have a BBQ, @PERSON1 won't be playing with the computer in his room like he did last time. Choose @PERSON2 to experiment with @PERSON2 with three friends @CAPS6, @PERSON3 and
I went outside to get my mail and newspaper. I saw the front page talking about computers. One article said that too much computer use. I'm not going to sell more computers, but, it says people are using computers and not exercising much. I don't think it's going to be hard for people to give up using their computers. I have a friend who doesn't understand computers. He played outside for an hour. On @DATE1 he tries @CAPS1 baseball. He is a very good athlete. He was also annoying at school. Others without gobs are not looking for "things to do" but are in front of the computer every day. When they are supposed to work around and inside the house. A person with a computer shouldn't be using his computer all day like these friends of mine use his computer every time after school. He didn't do his homework on time. Every time he doesn't want to go out to exercise his brain or get some sun, he sometimes doesn't eat, so he should give his brain a break and do something physical that will help them. Others, such as computer workers, should write a note to the person who uses the computer explaining how addicting it is, and probably realize how often they should use the computer and use it for information and collage. She started using the computer to chat with people, but ended up using the computer a lot and stopped collage. I believe that computers have a great influence on people. People should enjoy the sun, not stay in front of the computer all the time. Many adults do not use computers, most of them teenagers and children. People should go to the gym to build strong muscles. They should stay away from the computer for a while. Using the computer again would be the right thing to do.
Dear newspaper @CAPS1, @CAPS2's take on computers is that they have a positive impact on people. I think it's because I know some people who primarily exercise and use computers, and I don't think computers are a bad thing. Some people study on the computer. They learn how to exercise. Of course, some people just chat and learn about the far-flung places where they can go and explore the earth and nature. I think computers have a big impact on people, they help a lot. I know uncle @CAPS2 from @LOCATION1 he learned how to speak computer English. He has learned a lot and we are all proud. Some of the effects of computers on people are numerous. People take classes online, they go to @CAPS3 single mothers with kids, for example, they get diplomas and degrees in computing online. And their other @CAPS3 @CAPS2 aunts and uncles who go online for English classes and work. Many people take classes online. @CAPS3 I'm always on @PERSON1. @CAPS4 taught me how to type. @CAPS4 is fun, but also educational. I think all computers have a positive effect on people. None of them should be a computer that negatively affects people. But that's just @CAPS2's opinion. Computers are @CAPS3 robots and they do a lot for us. We type, study, and read online. And then there are the games we play online and educated. I'm sure they have a lot of resources. You can search for many things. For example, you can search for: Mystery, Animals , Nature and Places. You won't believe how many results a computer has. So who will negatively affect the computer. Everything @CAPS4 does is help us, and @CAPS4 sometimes helps me learn @CAPS2 Spanish. So why do people think computers are a bad idea? Computers are fine with everything. I can go ahead and see what the weather will be like tomorrow. I can also see what the news is and I can contact @CAPS2 teacher via computer. I think computers will always have a positive impact on people.
Dear local @CAPS1, I am delighted to write you this letter. I have noticed that people who support technological progress believe that computers have a positive impact on humanity. I agree with those people. I agree with them because one: you can communicate with your family and friends via email, @CAPS2, @CAPS3 ets. Second: you can use a computer to do research, and third: it can give you directions or give you information. at the restaurant or place you want to go. I will now discuss these three topics in more detail. You can communicate with family or friends through your computer. Like my friend amor, he had to move to @LOCATION1 when we were best friends and we were in third grade. The first day he moved, I cried. Then over the next week or so, I got an email from him, so now we can keep in touch. He comes to @LOCATION2 every @DATE2 and we hang out together. Maybe one day I want to visit @LOCATION3 now because he's moved again, but I'll have to do some research on @LOCATION3 first. There are many things you can study with a computer, like this year our language @CAPS4 class read a book called "My brother @CAPS5 died", which is a true story. We had to do some research on the book and I found out how without a computer how could I research anything, descriptions of things and how to get there (directions) on the website it shares. Orientation is very important. Show you how to get to a certain destination. You can get directions from your computer. I remember one year I had to go to my friend's birthday party and we didn't know how to get there. So I went online on @DATE1 and we got directions from there, we printed it out, and we found the place in @NUM1 minutes. If there is no computer, we can easily find the house. You @MONTH1 disagree with me because computers can have bad websites and can be addicting to some people, but I think I'm right. Thank you for reading this letter, once again computers are good for learning!
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 Did you know that a computer can stop you from doing a lot of things? Instead of using a computer, you can exercise more, play outdoors, and spend more time with family and friends. That's why you need to spend less time on your computer. Exercising is important to your body, not your computer. You can do some weight lifting and exercise in your room. Running out of the beach sounds good too. Just by doing this, you can lose a lot of weight without gaining weight on the computer. So get to exercise and lose weight because it's good for you! Computers also prevent you from getting fresh air and playing outside. When you're outside, you'll find that playing games is a lot better than pressing buttons and clicking around. on the computer. You don't even have to play outside, you can go for a walk with someone or sit on the grass and talk. Computers prevent you from doing all these fun activities outdoors. Spending time with your family is a huge activity your computer keeps you from doing. You've been on the computer for an hour and your family is having a barbecue. You finally get off that computer and you realize that spending time with them is more fun than sitting down and looking at the screen. That's why computers distract everyone because you don't want to exercise, play outdoors, or spend time with your family. You can use the computer, but don't stay too long because you miss out on the fun.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1's opinion on the impact of computers is that while there are good benefits or them, I am more convinced that computers create negative problems and situations and that they can be more harmful to people in not so good situations The impact is huge. @CAPS1 The three main reasons why I think computers have more negative effects than positive and constructive effects are @CAPS2 - bullying is a very big problem. There are also a lot of "scams" and "cons" on @CAPS9. Finally, there is a lot of misleading or incorrect information online. Back to @CAPS1 #1 reason, "@CAPS2 - Bullying". @CAPS2-bullying can be defined as rude or obnoxious teasing of @CAPS9. On social networking sites like @CAPS4 @CAPS5, @CAPS6 and more. '@CAPS2-bullying' can include teasing, hurtful comments, horrible abuse and poultry language. It's far more effective than normal bullying like "give me your lunch money" because once you say things on @CAPS9, no matter how hard you try, you can't take them back. '@CAPS2-bullying' means new generation. Second, scams and malpractices from @CAPS9/computers. When buying something online, you never know what you're going to get. @CAPS1 father cheated, or connect on @CAPS9. He was looking for a site that seemed very official to buy a big boat. He drove all the way to @LOCATION1 to get it. He took it out on the water at our @DATE1 home @LOCATION2 with a broken engine and motor. This is what can happen when buying something from @CAPS9. Finally, error messages can be another negative side effect of your computer. When researching a topic you should stick to the library, it @MONTH1 sounds outdated and slow, but when you research @CAPS9 you need to remember that anyone can post or post anything, even misleading or untrue statements and 'Information' online. Research topics are not the only way to get false information. People can pretend they are not real people, which is why anonymous chat rooms and instant messaging are dangerous and unreliable. All in all, the negatives and consequences of @CAPS9 are basically greater than the positives. Because @CAPS2 bullying, scams or scams and misinformation are all negatives and outweigh positives for @CAPS9.
Dear newspaper, computers are not a benefit to us because we spend a lot of time on them, not everyone has a computer, and they cost a computer. Everyone doesn't know how to use it. If we spend a lot of time on the computer, people will be amazed at their voices. When people might be out biking or walking, they spend their time looking for random things. And you can't do that with a computer. Not everyone owns a computer because it costs a lot @MONEY1, a bacik computer can cost more than @NUM1 or more and that's the @MONEY1 sur r computer. Then you have to pay Internet Witch sur @NUM2 dollars per month. And you have to pay for surton aps like (windos, microsoft, etc). After a while, people don't realize that when they pay for internet, they don't get what your cable sars are allotted to you. Not everyone knows how to use a computer, just like seniors don't know how to really know how Using the full functionality of the computer is the same. Because they have never learned how to use a computer. In this regard, computers are helpful to our society. Save time, cost and computer literacy.
Dear @LOCATION1, do you ever find yourself thinking about your computer, or wishing you were there? I heard you want to see if computers have a negative or positive impact on society. I feel like this is a negative because there is very little time to exercise with family or friends and it is very addictive. Exercise, is a very important thing for a healthy mind and body @CAPS1 It's hard to find the time to do it. Therefore, they may be exercising on Facebook rather than in their free time. Also, computer maintenance will take up exercise time. Just on @DATE1, my computer got a virus and I had to fix it, it took forever. That's when I fixed it could be precious workout time. Another key point to focus on is obesity. We should get up and move, not just set up and stare at the computer for @NUM1 hours at a time. I love spending time with my friends and family. I mean who is wrong? A good meal with the family on Facebook is only possible away from that kid's computer. My @CAPS2 always tells me about the (and stupid) things he @CAPS2 and his friends do. Now wkids just need @CAPS3. If spending time with family was important, we would never have our parents social because you would never find out when you would lose them. Addiction is a serious thing. Addicted to the computer too. Our generation is very dependent on computers. For example, in a car with @CAPS4. You just plug it in and it will tell you where to go. What happens when you brake? You will know where to go because you never learned how to read a map. Or what if your computer brakes? You're going to have to mail better kids typing than writing. The skill will be lost and you will have to relearn it. As you can see, addition is not a funny thing. I have to stress again the negative effects of computers.
For those @MONTH1 who care, I think computers are a good thing. It's good because you can learn about foreign places. It's a great way to keep in touch with family and friends. First, computers are great for learning about foreign countries. On a computer, you can research a place and view pictures before heading out. If I want to go to faraway places like @LOCATION3. I would find the best places on my computer, then I would check out different hotels to see the reviews it got. Also, if someone is going to do a dissertation in another country, or even state that they've never been, they'll do it on a computer. Sure, you can get the same information from books, but you can filter out unwanted information on your computer. In my history class, I have to report on the status of @LOCATION2. I've never been there, so I'd like to be on the computer. Books could have given me the same information, but computers are always up to date and accurate. Second, computers can help you stay in touch with family and friends. There are many websites that allow you to share photos and chat with friends or family. I recently signed up for facebook and I can talk to my friends instead of using mytexts and running out of phone bills every month. My dad also has a Facebook and he chats with people he hasn't seen since he moved from @LOCATION1 White Mountain. Some other sites are target, aol and myspace. Finally, computers are great entertainment. A computer lets you watch concerts you haven't been to or movies you've never seen on TV. I had so much fun when I went to Skate Den for a skate demo. However, the other day, I started thinking about it. I typed "nike sb Skate Lair demo" on youtube and clicked it. I looked at it and about halfway through I saw my face! I am excited. The computer also lets you check news and weather. That's great because if you're on the road and want to see what's going on, you can pull out your laptop and check the weather or the news. That's why I think computers are necessary. Yes, people do stay for four hours at a time, but most stay only a fraction.
Dear newspaper, I firmly believe that people do spend a lot of time on the computer, a lot of teenagers spend a lot of time on the computer, I also think this is my own experience, I surveyed the @NUM1 class @CAPS4 class of @PERSON1. I would first like to expand on my idea that teens spend a lot of time on the computer, some teens go online and do their homework, or maybe check their email, others are on @CAPS1 for hours and addicted, so they're not out there or exercise. In my own experience, I used to have a @CAPS1 and I would be on it all day and I would miss playing with my family and friends. So I deleted the account. However, I am still addicted to the computer I always listen to music or chat with friends or check my email things like most people * Finally there is @NUM1 class @CAPS4 class by @PERSON1, @PERCENT1 everyday people are on it, @PERCENT2 said they cost @PERCENT3 people. They go to the computer now. These are only one @NUM1 grade class and most students are addicted to it. *Any age. That's why I believe people do spend a lot of time or time. Many students use @CAPS1 for hours at a time, and in my own experience, I've become addicted to competition. And the @NUM1 class @CAPS4 class of @PERSON1, when I surveyed them there, a high percentage said they were computer addicted. So parents please tell your kids if they need to spend less time on the computer.
Dear @CAPS1 Have you ever wondered how much the World Wide Web has to offer? I absolutely agree that computers have beneficial effects on people. They teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to see faraway places, and they give people the opportunity to reconnect or make new friends. The Internet has a lot to offer, and it's definitely beneficial. Research done by @PERSON1, a doctor at @ORGANIZATION1, shows that among people who type on a computer, @PERCENT1 has better hand-eye coordination than people who don't. You might be improving your coordination without even knowing it! Smart people will agree that being on a computer helps you a lot. There are many computer games out there where you have to react quickly and require quick reflexes and hand-eye coordination. I personally know it helps us. Since @CAPS2 using the computer more, I've noticed that my reaction time on this block has improved amazingly! Yes, I know some people should get outside to work out, but you can exercise and improve your hand-eye coordination, and you can go wrong either way. As the giant sits in space, it is as fascinating as a computer. Learn about computer technology in far-flung places. Kevin, Scientist, @PERCENT2 Our knowledge of space comes from computers! Think, for example, of Google Earth; it allows the eye to see clear pictures of any part of the world! I think you'll agree that without computers, we would know a lot about the wonderful world around us. Would you rather we didn't have computers and didn't know half of our lives? Through these high-tech computers, we can learn about outer life such as space and other galaxies. Did you know that @NUM1 people use computers to talk and reconnect with friends and family. I know I know! I know people shouldn't be at the computer, talking to people. But it's a great way to keep in touch with people. They have great sites like skype and oovo that allow you to chat with other people. Friendly, well-educated people agree that this is a great way to meet old friends from high school and even back to elementary school. Another important aspect of online communication is that long-term friendships can be formed. New explanation, now they are not online and so close to them! Personally, I know I go to @DATE1 camp every year and make new friends. Internet sites like Facebook help me keep in touch with her. Obviously, this is a great source! It's time to decide that using a computer is definitely a smart choice. It will definitely help you, no doubt; hand-eye coordination, allowing you to talk or communicate with people. Most importantly, it enables people to learn about the wonders from afar. So don't make the wrong choice and appreciate and use all that these computers have to offer.
Dear Newspaper, @CAPS1 Do you want to learn good hand-eye coordination? @CAPS1 Do you want to learn about distant places? @CAPS1 Do you want to chat with other people online? If you say @CAPS3 to all these questions, using a computer is the way to go! You can @CAPS1 do a lot of things while using your computer. You can find a healthy recipe for your family or find a nice place to relax @CAPS1 your daily yoga. While some say that using a computer reduces the time spent exercising and enjoying nature, this is not the case. A recent poll was discussing Planet Fitness at @CAPS2 in Newington, and it showed that @PERCENT1 exercisers discovered Planet Fitness via the internet. @PERSON1 The nature of the health department says: "@PERCENT2 Some of my clients are exercising online at home so they don't have to be in public." @CAPS3 I know it seems lazy not to go to the gym, however, some people are scared What other people think of them, so I mean who doesn't want to work out in the warning comforts of their own home without having to go to a sweaty old gym? All right-thinking people would stay at home and work out from their computer instead of going to a sweaty, smelly gym. So it never will. @CAPS1 do you go to a sweaty old gym, or @CAPS1 you stay on your nice clean internet? Imagine that once you get up with a good rest, you can stay at home and enjoy a relaxing walk in the comfort of your own home instead of going to the gym. Of course, you care about your nose and want to be able to smell a good warning apple. But that's okay if you don't. So don't go to the gym, stay at home and enjoy your day with your internet! ! ! I say keep the name and love your internet! ! !
Dear daily staff, I see that some of you do not agree to use computers. Personally I don't think using a commenter is really that bad. For example, computers are actually good for education. Many people use them to create images of @NUM1 things for school projects or science fair projects. I use these machines to play video games to cure my boredom, like most teens and kids do. Unlike most people, I'm not going to stick with it forever. I usually play for a few hours. Having a computer at home has some disadvantages. On the one hand, machines consume a lot of energy in the house, leading to higher electricity bills and @DATE1. There are some sites where some people try to be stalkers, like the sites my space and twitter, but on the bright side, those trying to be stalkers are usually caught immediately and jailed. Computers actually have a positive effect on thought and movement. For example, children with computers learn how to fly a kite or fly a kite themselves while their parents watch, they learn hand and eye. Many kids who play sports with a computer actually manage to catch the ball faster than usual. So you can see that the computer is not that bad. So think about what would happen to kids if computers were banned.
I believe that computers have a positive impact on people. Computers are a relatively new invention and they have become very popular. Computers allow people to talk to each other online. They also allow students to complete homework and important projects. Computers also allow people to store important documents and pictures in a place where they cannot be lost. Computers are helpful in many ways, but these are just a few of them. Computers allow people to go online. Whether @CAPS3 is via email, instant messaging, or video chat, computers use the old and @ORGANIZATION1 way of communicating. For example, write someone @ORGANIZATION1 instead, mail them @CAPS3, and have to wait two days for them to receive @CAPS3, email them! Get an email address, type a message, and click Send. They get instant messages, and even respond soon to @PERSON1, @ORGANIZATION1 President @ORGANIZATION1 said, "Computers are a big part of technology. People use them every day." @CAPS1 They don't mean every day just for fun. @CAPS3 also helps to work. Four adults who use computers in @ORGANIZATION1 say they help them improve their jobs and social status. Computers are a part of @ORGANIZATION1's everyday life and they can help with just about anything. Computers allow students to quickly complete assignments and projects. Instead, @ORGANIZATION1 handwritten that four-page article in the @PERSON2 @CAPS1 textbook and used the internet to find information. The computer also allows students to email teachers if @ORGANIZATION1 misses lessons and assignments. @CAPS4 @PERSON3 is a student of @ORGANIZATION2 who misses many days @ORGANIZATION1 school saying: "@CAPS2 I had to email my teacher and they sent me @CAPS2 homework. I missed @CAPS3 it's that easy." @CAPS4 isn't the only one who agrees that computers help a lot. Millions of @ORGANIZATION1 children and adults agree. Computers don't just let students write reports; they also allow them to save them for future use. They also save important documents and precious pictures. Everyone hates @CAPS3 when their camera or camcorder breaks, will their precious and good memories be gone? Well, just save them to your computer and they'll be there forever! @NUM1 out of @ORGANIZATION1 @NUM2 @CAPS2 the people who store their photos on their computer agree that this is the best way for @CAPS3. In conclusion, computers do have a positive effect on people. They allow people to chat online. Do homework and projects, and store important documents. I can assume that everyone agrees with me that computers are an essential part of @ORGANIZATION1's everyday life. We just wouldn't be a world without them.
Dear @LOCATION1, I think a computer is a great tool for everyone if used properly. Here is my reason. First of all, I think computers are good because news travels fast. Using the internet, world-changing news can spread like wildfire and notify everyone in seconds. It's great for staying in the loop and reading what you need to know. This reminds me of when a massive earthquake hit @LOCATION2 and traumatized its citizens. At the instant of the accident, it was already circling the Internet. This got a lot of attention from @LOCATION2, resulting in many people donating and needing items. Second, computers are also useful for studying schools and topics of common interest. If you need facts about school projects, you can easily search for what you need through various search engines on the Internet, you will be able to pinpoint exactly what you are looking for and also find what interests you. If you have a favorite sports team, band, or are interested in famous people, there's plenty of information at your disposal about them. You can do all of this in the privacy of your home so you can be as private as @ORGANIZATION1 Proxy. It reminds me of when my idol died. Within seconds of hearing the tragic news, I was able to search the subject and get endless information about his death. Finally, if you want, you can chat with people from all over the world! Using social networking sites like facebook and myspace, you can connect with friends and chat with them for hours. You can also enter chat rooms with people who share your interests. Like how I talk to people about bands we all love. I believe getting news, research, and keeping in touch with friends are undoubtedly the best reasons to use a computer. what are you waiting for? get one!
Dear @CAPS1, I am writing this letter to tell you my thoughts on the impact of computers on people. I disagree that I think the experts are right that people spend too much time on their computers. My reasons below will explain why I disagree. I think there is a problem with the computer too. Read on to find out my why. First of all, the reason I disagree with those who support technology is because they are insecure! I think online chat is great but dangerous. For example, most kids are followed and are usually online. This is because the information is all given to unknown people. In addition, children can be in danger, such as being kidnapped for this informal activity and the people they talk to. Secondly, I don't agree because it also leads to computer dependence. Most people are addicted to something they do online. These lives can also become dangerous. For example, people play some video games of murder and crime. We can't do it in the "real" world. Such games can also lead people to dangerous situations. Another example is that we have students brought in because violence is the answer! The addiction to computers is so severe that people do have to see things and interact with them. In the end, I disagree because it is too. Most people do it again and again. These come into life because you fully enjoy them. For example, people die. This letter affects others, so thank you for reading. Hope people can understand why I disagree.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, the society of @DATE1 is very different from what it was twenty years ago. Our mobile phones allow us to browse the web as easily as a computer. Our access to such a large network brings us together, broadens our mental horizons, and keeps the many @CAPS5 hardworking people at key points so that when work time comes, they are ready. Not everyone agrees that technology is good for our growth, but I believe it keeps us moving forward, away from all forms of ignorance. Our construction workers work hard during the busy season. They went to great lengths to build Slay scrapers, educational facilities, expand our health center, and even the place we call home. However, they still have to be prepared on duty when the weather is not favorable for them and building anything can be dangerous in the long run. Recently, technological advancements have been made to help chane operators maintain their skills visually. @MONTH1 Seems easy to untrained viewers. For one @MONTH1, all they seem to do is sit themselves on a few levers and press a few buttons. In fact, however, there is an insistence on such a task. Pull the lever quickly, and the crane can travel sharply in the wrong direction, causing it to capsize. A live respondent tried the @CAPS1 virtual trainer and found that @CAPS1 appreciates the work of our builders. It just goes to show that @CAPS5 doesn't have control over such skills, they can actually cause serious failures on construction sites. I personally find learning a language different from my own very interesting and educational at the same time. In fact, I taught myself @CAPS4 at home. However, @CAPS5 I don't have a computer at home and my studies are almost impossible. With the economy of @DATE1 going off-campus and even hiring a private tutor is enough to affect anyone's budget. The internet offers an effective low-key, even free, way to help any language learner. Learning tips for native speakers can even be found from those who have already learned a lot of the language. In the society of @DATE1, not everyone has time to go to the library to pick up a book about a country they are interested in. Some @MONTH1 say that asking neighbors about their home can be just as emotional, but it's not particularly well done for those who do it in an in-person setting. However, having the complete set on hand can make learning an enjoyable experience. Once you can find blog posts about someone's visit to a country of interest, or even a video of their time there. Websites made entirely for those interested in a particular culture can also prove helpful. On the other hand, someone at @CAPS5 who is looking for and receiving resort recommendations from locals can also find that information. Some people don't like a place where they can connect with their family through a simple phone call or drive. A @MONTH1 must fly or pay to fly with relatives. Social networking on the web makes connecting with lvoe easier and more affordable. The speed of instant communication can make it appear that they are in the same room rather than across the ocean. I want all my fare travel to serve those who cannot benefit from technological advancements. Remember, technology can serve as a skill maintenance tool, educational tool, and connection to our foreign-born citizens. thank you
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 is the big debate about good and bad computers. I think computers are good for our society. Why, because it makes it easier to socialize, you can get a lot of education and help with your business. Wow, I can't believe how easy it is for other people to use the computer. Computers are helping family chat with family and friends with friends. It helps people socialize by making information on paper passed and retrieved forever, and if family members go on vacation, you can still contact them. Or just if a friend can't get a ride to another friend's house, they're still chatting on the computer. A computer also gives you the opportunity to socialize with people all over the world. It's amazing how easy it is to use a computer to talk to other people. I'm really surprised how much education we get from using computers. Computers give us many opportunities to learn. Before computers, you learned from books, and many of them couldn't teach you the way a computer can. Using a computer, you can learn about space, stars and planets. You can also learn about other countries through a computer. What does the culture and landscape of @CAPS1 look like without @CAPS1. Computers do play a vital role in our education. Computers have done a lot, but not so much for business. Computers are a business in and of themselves, and people simulate a lot of money. It helps businesses organize @CAPS1 jobs and money, and also provides many jobs for people to work on computers. Additionally, @CAPS1 provides businesses with faster and more efficient ways to serve people. Computers have played a vital role in creating our economy. Computers have made socializing easier. Our ability to get more education. It also helps our business which is why I think computers are good for our society.
Dear @CAPS1 newspaper, I am writing you a letter about my feelings about the impact of computers on people. One of my reasons is that people who spend a lot of time on the computers that light up their lives pass them by. But someone who works on a computer all day is another story. My second reason is that people can still interact with their families on the computer because they live with each other. My last reason is why people want to be on the computer all day. I'm not talking about people who work on computers. My last reason is that people who spend all their time on the computer let their lives pass from there. I say this because if you're @NUM1 on your computer, your life will pass you by. Because you're not doing nothing, just sitting in a computer chair and getting fat. Plus, if you're going to use a computer, at least they'll get a job on it. But I'm not talking about people who work at a computer all day because they have to. This is their job. This is one of my reasons. My second reason is that these people are still interacting with their families in the computer. The reason I say this is because you can be on the computer and will interact with my family because you live in a huge space like them, both when you're not on the computer, you can be with your family and Spend time with them. That's why I say you can still interact with your family even if you see it on your computer. The last and last reason is whether people spend most of their time on the computer. I like people like this because they spend most of their lives on the computer instead of looking for jobs to enjoy their lives. Also, if you have kids, you play with your kids and convince them that they are their parents, that they have fun with them, and that they have someone to look up to. So don't spend your whole life getting fat on the computer, don't spend time with their kids and do something yourself. But I'm not talking about people who work on computers. I'm talking about people who don't work on computers. That's why I say don't let your life slip away from you. I hope you enjoy this tip and that you don't spend a lot of time on the computer doing nothing but fatten you up and let your life pass. I'll report myself again that I'm not talking about someone who has to work on a computer. I'm talking about people who don't work in a computer.
I wrote this article to show you how most people spend their time on the computer. In this article, I'll introduce you to computers and what people do with them these days. Some people use their computers for work-related businesses. But then again, these people use them for entertainment and other social activities. These people sit in front of computers all day. All they can do is enjoy life. Get outside and get some fresh air. But no, they want to sit at the computer all day. This is why people want to stay on the computer all day, some are constantly on their social networking sites. For example @CAPS1 or @CAPS2. They are obsessed, so these sites are teo sites that are very addicting to some people. And then these are the people who like to look up information. Then finally get out of the car and spend time with the family, the computer will always be there. And only use your computer when you need to. Yes, it's fun to go and find something to entertain. But everything is good in moderation. So I want you to listen and agree with me, I guess my point is about how much computer you should be using. So thank you for listening.
What the computer prevents you from doing is your schoolwork. But when you're doing something on your computer that you shouldn't be doing, you're stuck on a website where you can't leave your screen. So what I'm trying to say is don't just stay on the computer for @NUM1 minutes.
Today, computers are a common household item. Because of how much computers can do, most people spend far more time on computers than they should, and this is affecting our society. Computers can be very useful when trying to find information on a topic, but some people go too far. Some people, their work is on the computer. Others, like teenagers, play games or have instant messengers, which are sometimes kept away from outside activities. Another situation with computers is that adults can really get into online gambling, which is bad for a person even in a casino, but now they can do it from the couch in the living room. A computer also keeps you away from the outside world for fresh air and sunlight. Computers are terrible in some ways, but good in others. Sometimes a computer is a perfect resource. When your history teacher assigned you an @NUM1 page essay on the Civil War, you had no idea what happened in the Civil War. In this case, the computer is fine. Or your boss could tell you to find out the number of teen deaths in car crashes caused by cellphones. Computers seem to be the perfect resource. By now you've learned that computers have their highs and lows, but if computer time is limited, people will be able to do more outside, or read a book. Some people may abuse computers, others may not, but if computer time were only limited, I believe a lot of things in our society today would be different.
Dear editor, I see a debate between good and bad computers. I think my opinion can help you decide. I think the computer is fine. I think they're great because they help kids with social skills, they help people with bad handwriting, they help people understand things around the world. First, computers help children around the world acquire social skills. They help them because these are the many ways in which computers communicate with people. There are instant messenger and webcam sites. Another waiter said that @PERCENT1's parents said the computer developed a lot of social skills in the kids there. Another thing the computer helps is people with bad handwriting. It's helpful because you can keep using microsoft word and instead of writing a nice report that no one can read, you can type me in and I always write my report when I have a school paper . This helps a lot of people who can't write like everyone else, because on a computer you can change fonts and everything to make it look as pretty as you want. The last reason I think computers are a good idea is because a lot of people don't like to read newspapers and read the news, so they like to study certain topics they like to see what's going on around the world. I know my mom doesn't have time for the latest paper, but when she checks her email, the first thing that pops up is the biggest news of the day. People who work around go to such computers to find the latest news. I want you to take my opinion into consideration when making your decision, where do you go and think about all the types of people it can help. People with social problems, people with poor handwriting, and busy people who can't sit and watch the hourly news. thank you for your time.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1's opinion is that people are on computers a lot. I have @NUM1 good reasons I think people use computers a lot. @CAPS1 The first reason is that people are wasting their time. Secondly not so much engry. Third, you've just spent your life on a computer, read on for why I don't agree it's a society for people. People waste time having fun. They do have time for friends, family, pets and more. Going to sites like facebook, myspace, @CAPS2 is mostly inappropriate so that more people just need to get off the computer and have fun outside. Most people don't really get that much engry. Some people are always in there, they just need Engry. Fresh We might help you hit the gym or go jogging outside for a while. It's really bad for you to stay inside. Just being in it will just give you a little gang weight. Then you won't have any time with your friends, only more when your heart is as usual. It's great that you spend all your time at home making computers. And you don't have any time, engry, etc. You spend all your time on computer cool tech, but you don't need to be on it @NUM2. You only have time for friends and family. Now you know @CAPS1's opinion on why computers are good for society. People are losing time and everything. People no longer have engry. You spend all your time on the computer. bye for now.
Dear readers, @CAPS1 you imagine not talking to faraway friends, just knowing your town, or even failing @CAPS5 You don't have a @CAPS3? I know I can't do it. Some of the great benefits of having @CAPS3 are chatting with friends online, learning about new places and things, and being able to learn and test over the internet. First off, @CAPS3 can now talk to friends and relatives from afar. It turns out that the @PERCENT1 family in @LOCATION1 has distant friends with @CAPS2, and now they can all talk to each other! I'll never forget when my close friends moved house, but I'm still able to talk to @CAPS5 of @CAPS3. Second, @CAPS3 lets you learn about new places and things around the world. If it was for computers, I would never know some of the places I've been, @ORGANIZATION1 said @CAPS3 expert @PERSON1 said "@CAPS3 is the reason we have so much without @CAPS3 would not know about these places. " @CAPS4, it's now possible to study without @CAPS5 from @CAPS3, @CAPS6 can be done online on the internet. I'll never forget I forgot my books, but I @CAPS1 still learning @CAPS5's online books. All in all, @CAPS3 is good for you, like interacting with friends online, seeing new places, and being able to learn. Computers are just the full range of benefits.
For followers of @MONTH1, computers can be a great asset to our society, but they are an even bigger obstacle. People waste time on computers. Few people go out to exercise or enjoy nature. Perhaps the Hercynian effect is that almost no one interacts with their friends and family anymore. @CAPS2 You are no longer with their friends and family. @CAPS2 You don't want to get bored with the computer. Put down the mouse and go out! @LOCATION1's obesity rate is at an all-time high. Experts agree that computers and other types of technology are to blame. People who spend a lot of time on the computer almost never exercise, which affects them negatively. These people have shorter lifespans! They probably won't see their grandchildren grow up in two decades. In addition, they have many medical problems. "I see a positive correlation between obesity rates and @CAPS1 obesity rates," says obesity expert @PERSON1. @CAPS1 can kill you! Obesity can also lead to heart attacks and infertility! @CAPS2 You can avoid these diseases and health risks by leaving your computer, why don't you? Using a computer is not a good price to pay for your health! Do you have any fond childhood memories related to nature? I know I know. Most people who spend too much time on the computer don't have the chance to make memories like that. They are too engrossed in the computer to take care of it. Many will never see any of our national parks! Park Ranger Drew @PERSON2 said. "We've had fewer tourists than ever in the past few years." @CAPS2 There's clearly something wrong with people not being able to leave their computers for a minute to see the brilliance of our country. Put down your computer and go outside! I share everything with my friends and family and spend as much time with them as possible. Pretty much everyone who uses a computer regularly says @PERCENT1 of the time and they use it as an excuse not to see friends and family. In fact, they don't want to leave it. As a society, we are becoming too dependent on what tech executives say. "I've seen a clear drop in home school enrolment. We almost never see kids hanging out with friends and family". She is right. It's time to stop using your computer! Computer @MONTH1 cannot be entirely blamed for the above problem. While computers do contribute to the problem, maybe it's people. @CAPS2 We don't have computers, more people will go out to exercise and enjoy nature. When we hang out with friends and family, there are memories. Now is the time to turn off the computer and go for a walk. Call a friend and hang out, @CAPS3 You know, you can have fun with our computers.
Dear local paper, people spend a lot of time on the computer. Instead of exercising, enjoying nature and interacting with real people, they sit and play games and watch music or movies on the computer. Therefore, I disagree with those who say that computers are good for society. @Location1, @Location1, @Location1. Many people's skin has become unstable and fat because of the computer. @CAPS5 you @MONTH1 ask? People sit in front of computers all day, they can spend time working out, and when we got a new computer, my dad was overweight. All he does is sit and play games like @CAPS1 wars or @CAPS2. I can't believe @CAPS5 He got fat so my mom told him that now he's not playing on the computer but going to the gym. You won't believe how much weight @CAPS5 has lost. You also know that the US is one of the fat countries because people don't exercise, just play on laptops and computers. So, it will help America a lot to stop playing soft clothes and start exercising. Many people miss the wonderful work of nature. The cool, relaxing air on the beach is much better than a dark, stuffy room with only the light of a computer. There is so much to discover and so much to explore. So yes, you can find gisers in yellow stones online, but it's nothing like what you see in real life. If there were computers back in the early days of @DATE1, people would never have had the courage to find new lands, haven't you heard of many great explorers by now? I bet if everyone took a break from the computer they would find new spices and maybe even a cure for canning. If you think outside the box and into the richness of nature, who knows what you'll do. "@CAPS3 Come down and talk to your grandparents." "@CAPS4 Mom I'm playing with the computer!" @CAPS5 Has this happened to you many times? Is it over for your son or daughter to use the awesome @PERSON1 on the computer? They @MONTH1 wanted to play with the computer at the time, but they didn't know if that would work with him or her on the last day. Computers will always or almost always be here, and people's time is limited. Therefore, hanging out with relatives is much more important than playing on the computer. I know a kid named @PERSON2 who was playing on the computer when his friend called to invite him over. @PERSON2 said @CAPS4. His friend was very upset and angry. I will too. Do you want a friend to pick a computer for you? I hope not. So computers get hurt and aren't as good as real people. In conclusion, spending quality time with people, nature and exercise is more important than a glowing box. I hope you agree that computers are not always helpful to society.
Dear newspaper, I don't think computers are good for our society. I don't believe computers are dangerous, they make people lazy and you can easily get scammed on a computer. One reason I don't think computers are good for society is because it's very dangerous. Computers are dangerous because people can be kidnapped or harassed. Police @CAPS1 in the town of @LOCATION1 said more than @PERCENT1 kidnappings were from people they met on social networks like myspace and facebook. The police chief also said they have a lot of curses on people being harassed by stalkers or those trying to harm them. Another reason I don't think computers are good for us is that you can easily get scammed on a computer. The folks at @PERCENT2 say they lost a lot of money due to credit card scams on their computers. On a computer, their website would act like they were selling you something and get your credit card number and all the other information you gave them, they would take your card and use it to buy something, and you would Have to Pay for This Credit card companies say that most credit card fraud and fraud occurs through computers. The last reason I don't believe computers are good for us is because they make people lazy. Computers make people lazy because there are a lot of interesting things in the computer, like video games, you can watch videos, you can shop, you can see anything on the computer. I did some research and found out that @PERCENT3 overweight people have accounts on multiple sites on their computer. That's why I don't think computers are good for us. I hope you follow my advice too.
In my opinion, I do believe that computers are good for you. I agree because it helps you communicate with other family members around the world. Two, it can teach you new languages that you really want to learn, and three, it can keep you informed about what's going on around the world. First of all, I believe that the computer is good for you because it allows you to communicate with long-lost relatives that you will never see again. For example, if you miss any of your family members, you can simply go to your computer and search for them so you can type or talk to them via chat mode, then you won't have that feeling of missing anymore because you There is a computer. Plus, computers can teach you how to learn a new language you've always wanted to know, like @CAPS1 or @CAPS2, or even @CAPS3 if you want! You can just go to your computer and type "@CAPS2's language" and hear what it tells you about @CAPS2! Plus, computers keep you informed about what's going on around the world! It's much better to watch on a computer than on a TV, because the computer can give you more information about what's going on! Likewise, you can click "Locate Area" on your computer to see which area the event occurred in. You can also view videos, view images, and find its location on your computer. Sadly, my talk has arrived. Here are my three main reasons why computers are good for humanity: you can communicate with long-lost relatives, you can learn a new language, so you can keep up to date with what's happening around the world. Don't you want to support those amazing events too?
A computer is a great way to connect with family and friends. People send messages or just messages all over the world. People love to play video games or visit their favorite websites. People all over the world travel from place to place via laptops. Everyone won't be on the computer because they think it won't have, but some people do like to have one to send messages to hang out with each other or talk about how your day is going. Many people want computers because they do have enough money to @CAPS2 one. Some computers cost a lot of @MONEY1, like @MONEY3 or @MONEY2, or even more than @MONEY3 or @MONEY2, depending on the wizard they get. All over the world, many people sell their computers to make money @CAPS2 different things like shoes, clothes or games. They always sell things on ebay for less or more money than they can't get the computer back to get your money back or buy a new computer. People want classic computers, but now they're coming out with new ones, like touchscreen computers. Many people buy them at @CAPS1 @CAPS2 or @ORGANIZATION1. People buy a lot every time they see a new computer coming out and this company makes a lot of money by making touchscreen computers @MONEY1. Every new year, companies make new computers so they can get thousands of dollars or @MONEY1. Companies around the world make different computers to come out with new styles so people love them and @CAPS2. They make more money with new styles. Some people create their own companies to make money like other companies, but some people @MONEY1 the money you make goes to the government. The money given to the government is to take care of the homeless @MONEY1. Computers are used for learning or entertainment. People share computers with other people and they can't not share it because it's not fair. Some people take turns using it. Some people don't like to take turns with each other. Everyone shares or owns something, whether they use it or not, and if someone wants to get online, they can't force their server to use it. Some people lie and say they are taking it. People like to joke with others. Parents always say that computers are not playing computer labels it costs a lot of money to fix and fix a computer, all people throw water on them, the computer is broken, people are angry, maybe he/she just bought a new computer. When computers first came out, people bought them to see what they would look like. Many people love them, it spreads all over the world, people talk about them, and companies make more and more until it hits stores all over the world. Computers rose to prominence, and companies made newer styles for others. People buy a lot of @MONEY1 computers every time a new model comes out. Many people have @NUM1 or @NUM2 at home, just like @CAPS2. Companies drive other companies crazy because other companies are making better styles. People order new computers online. How companies make them a lot of money @MONEY1. The company stopped making them until they came up with a new computer, the @CAPS1. When they came up with one, the company was pissed because they went crazy for a better one. A few companies have teamed up to make one.
Dear local paper, I agree that computers are totally good for us. This allows people to explore the world and do anything. Also, computers are used for many things. Last but not least, @NUM1 in every @NUM2 household has at least one computer. So computers allow us to do anything. It helps most people with work, college/school, and you can even buy a house or car online. It doesn't cost much and is very useful. You can find the facts you need when you're bored, or even play games. It keeps us connected to the world. Also, many things require a computer. For example, in order to play Xbox Live, you need a computer with @CAPS1. Xbox live lets you play video games with other people and even your friends. Some assignments require a computer, and some universities are only on computers, so you can stay at home. Anything you need can be found on your computer. @NUM1 in @NUM2 has a computer, or @PERCENT1 in @LOCATION1 has a computer. I agree that some people waste their time, but without a computer everything would be much more difficult. For example, let's say you need to wait @NUM5 days for mail. Just mail it to @CAPS2. Most people wouldn't get a job without a computer. It saves people time and lets them do other things besides having to drive somewhere to write to them. So I think computers are a huge benefit. Like I said, you can do anything. Just like @CAPS3. It allows you to keep in touch with friends if you're off school. They are also used for a variety of different things like downloading music on @CAPS4. Also, @CAPS5 everyone has a computer. If scientists are going to complain about computers, why are they using them? I think computers are great! But what do you think?
Dear @CAPS1, "Computers are great! They do so much for me and my family, I can't live without a computer." @CAPS2 Many of my locals in @LOCATION1 town. For me, the computer is a place where I can play all kinds of different applications. But they can also be used to study just about anything you can imagine. I also think computers are important because it's where businessmen work. My favorite part about computers are apps like @CAPS3, @CAPS4, @CAPS5, etc. these applications. Great because on @CAPS5 you can chat with your friends if you don't have a cell phone, or with friends who live in another state, @CAPS3. Easily my favorite app because I can chat with my friends, see their pictures, see who they are dating, and many other infinite possibilities, you can also play games and download them to on your computer. It's always fun to do what you love on your computer without having to research all the time. The second thing on the computer, is research. Research can be fun and boring, but what do you think, but research is educational, I asked a mother who is @NUM1, @NUM2, and @NUM3, and she said "the best thing about me on the computer is The most important thing in terms of research is research. It’s fun, entertaining, and most importantly, educational!” The best thing about research is that there are countless websites with information for us to check out and enjoy. People who work and have jobs, mostly computer people, many of them doing research while working. People who work, basically @NUM4 people on the computer. Businessmen, designers, etc... These computers are mainly used by workers to send and receive emails. My dad was always on the computer, checking email, typing for this boss; even talking on video conferences. Workers have infinite possibilities, and for some of them, computers are their jobs. In my opinion, a computer is one of the best things. They are the best because they have amazing apps. let me have fun. But they also provide educational opportunities through research. They are great for people with jobs. I don't think anyone can live without any of these tech beauties.
Dear local paper, @NUM1 of @NUM2 students in @ORGANIZATION1 say they spend most of their time on the computer. I think computers have a bad effect on people because they cause safety problems, health problems, and of course education problems. With all these new technologies, teens have no idea what's going on around them. Most importantly, they don't know what's happening to them. Adults also use computers, but not as often as we teenagers. It's time to realize what computers are doing to us and the world today. Computers can cause security problems. Now more than ever, people use places to talk with friends. However, what they didn't know was that the person on the opposite side might not be what they thought. Recently, in the news, we hear about teens being raped or kidnapped because the person they are talking about on the Internet is not who they say they are. Bad guys are always lurking on the internet, and we need to keep them out of contact with our kids. However, computers can protect your privacy, even in addition to having bad guys online. Computers have the potential to leak your information to other people, so we really need to be careful. Computers can cause not only security problems, but health problems as well. Computers play an important role in destroying our health. @PERCENT1 in @CAPS1 is about overweight or obese. TV used to be a problem for people who didn't exercise, but now computers are doing the same thing. There are so many things to do on the computer that won't let you get bored. That means there is no way to get rid of it. However, you need to get up and exercise, and computers are preventing people from doing that. It's like it's hypnotizing us because we don't want to get up at all. Computers can also affect your vision. I know that after playing for a long time on the computer, I have a terrible headache because my eyes hurt so much. Also, computers can make people stop talking verbally. Talking and interacting allows us to have a secure relationship with each other, but again computers prevent that. Aside from interfering with our computers, so does education. Computers are really bad for our education. It's easy for students to forget to do homework these days. There are so many distractions today that people than those who take so long, we forget to do other things we should be doing simply because we are distracted. But even if we forget our homework, we @MONTH1 forget our pre-exam study. This will result in a high score. Computers shouldn't distract people, they should help them. I don't think people get distracted by the computer because it has a lot of interesting features. For example, the Internet and sites like @CAPS2, @CAPS3, @CAPS4, etc. We have too many distractions, we don't need more! Computers really don't have much impact on people. More and more people use computers every day. Should they know what it's doing to them and what's going on in the world around them, are they going outside to enjoy nature? Maybe, go to the mall with friends. There is a lot to do without staring at the computer all day. People need to stop being there and open their eyes to see the impact of computers on people.
Dear @CAPS1, I am writing to you to give you my thoughts on computer usage. In my opinion, I think some people overuse and rely on computers. Whether it's a research project, a conversation with a friend, or even an answer to a homework assignment. Millions of people use computers for hours on end every day. Moving your finger isn't exercise, it wastes energy. A lot of people I know would die without a computer because they had friends or because they needed to do homework. These types of people need to be taught how to get the job done without technology because it can fail. Some students rely on the technology there to work or they would fail. These children need to be taught that there are other ways to do things. Likes to hang out with friends, read books, and even do homework. Since students are so dependent on their computers, always rely on them. People I know go home every day and hop on @CAPS2 for the rest of the day. They can never do anything like going out and exercising. Many children do not play any type of physical activity. Obesity is a big problem in @LOCATION1 as the number has been increasing dramatically. Everyone thinks it's caused by bad eating habits, and that's only half of it. People's overuse of computers is also a big problem. Kids around @LOCATION1 spend their days checking messages and setting pictures on their computers. When these kids are on the computer, they don't even think they're just eating "@CAPS3". This computer use problem is becoming a big problem for obesity and has many people relying on it for basically everything. So we need to be the first to stop this before it gets bad. This could be a big problem in the future. So let's start reducing our usage time now.
Dear @CAPS1, I don't think computers are for people because they can spend time exercising, hanging out with friends and family, and reading. The first reason I don't think computers are good for people is because they can spend time exercising instead of @CAPS2'ing you can ride a bike or even walk the dog, exercising @MONTH1 is hard work, but, it's more than staring Good thing on your computer screen. Just because you're eating well doesn't mean you're healthy. You also need exercise to stay healthy. So, run, run, walk the dog, go to the gym instead of sitting in front of the computer. Another reason I don't think a computer is for you is that during the time you're using it, you're probably hanging out with your friends and family. Say your family is going to the beach and you stay home and play Facebook games. Your family comes back to talk about all their fun, even when you're not there. You could have stayed away from those memories. Now is the time to compare with your friends. It's movie night where all your friends go. But, you stay home with your aunt watching the webcam. You stay home twice just to be on the computer. You are missing a lot. The last reason I think computers are bad is that it should be reading time, not computer time. There is a big difference between looking at a computer screen and reading a book. Reading books will increase your vocabulary and you will learn about different types of literature. All in all, reading makes you smarter. When you read online, you're just reading what people are saying, basically rumors. read! In conclusion, I think people should spend more time exercising, hanging out with family and friends, and reading than on the computer.
@ORGANIZATION1, in this day and age where computers are everywhere, they are very useful. They act as information superhighways, connecting people together. New advances in technology have had a positive impact on humanity. First, computers are an easy way to put a world of information at your fingertips. @PERCENT1 of @ORGANIZATION2's students said that the first resource they used when assigning or dissertation or project came from the internet. Internet is fast, easy and reliable when you know how to use it. ” said student @PERSON1. Kids ages @NUM1 and up are learning how to use the internet to access multiple online encyclopedias, magazines, news sites or other resources. Information. I remember being in computer class in kindergarten and we would be in kid friendly Research dinosaurs and weather patterns on our website. Now in middle school, we use sites like @CAPS1 Online to get the latest reliable information. Also, I've seen my mom, a nurse and a hospital manager, use the internet to get tips on how to perform Videos and articles on specific procedures and how to create an efficient hospital. The internet is a great way to get information superhighway at the push of a button. Plus, computers are used as a way for people to stay connected. Teens from @PERCENT2 say they use @CAPS2, @CAPS3 , @CAPS4 or @CAPS5 to talk to other peers. It's a great way for us to communicate in the midst of busy schedules that don't always get to get together. Plus, with parents losing their jobs in the recession, kids are always in Moving. Last time @DATE1 one of my best friends in the world kept moving to @LOCATION1. I'm sad to say goodbye though we'll never talk again, but because of @CAPS6 and @CAPS5, we don't Stop talking and never actually get close. And it's not just a place where young people play with friends, adults use social networks too. They use the internet to connect for business, talk about future deals or issues, and even use it to connect them from Old friends who haven’t been in touch since college or childhood. As you can see, the internet has had many positive effects, from faster research to connecting with old friends, computers are helping everyone.”
Dear local paper, I believe that the computer does have positive benefits, but it also has negative benefits. One of the reasons is that you lose your interaction with people. Reason two, then you forget to practice. For three reasons, your health is at risk. First, you lose interaction with family and friends. Because you will spend a lot of time on the computer. If you get married, it will ruin your marriage. If you have kids, you risk building a relationship with them. I'm not saying to stop using computers. Because I use them myself. I mean don't make your life a computer. bad for you! Second, you need excersize. Statistics show that @PERCENT1 people who live on a computer gain weight faster because at the age of @NUM1 I gained a little weight because of the computer. Most people tend to eat more when they use a computer @CAPS1 It's a well-known fact. This has been proven. Because, you can't walk with a computer, so you stop moving. Means you stop exercising. You have to limit your time, then I believe they (computers) work in your favor. Finally, your health is very dangerous. Your website will pay if you work @NUM2 hours on your computer at a time. My eyes stink when I'm on the computer for half an hour. Do you have a headache after playing computer for so long? Yes, computers are fun, they give you something to do, I'm the first to admit that, but, it also hurts your health. You are at risk for carpal tunnel syndrome due to prolonged computer use. This is very painful. Computers are fun and make life easier. However, they also have drawbacks. One of the reasons is that you lose your interaction with people. Reason two, you stop exercising. For three reasons, your health is at risk. If you limit the time, everything will be fine!
@ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 My name is @PERSON1 and I am writing to you because, I want to tell you about the benefits of owning a computer. I think having a computer is a great way for a kid like me to learn about things in the world. Having a computer can also help those in need and make people aware of far-flung parts of the world. I believe we wouldn't really understand our world without computers. Computers also help us send urgent messages around the world in @NUM1. Some people don't think computers have an impact on our society, but I personally think computers have a very positive impact on people. People also think that computers make people spend less time exercising, but I believe it actually helps people exercise because you can go and provide different exercise techniques. In conclusion, I think computers have a positive impact on society.
A computer works well because it tells you everything. Like if you need the phone number of a restaurant, you can get it from the computer, and sometimes when you want to go on vacation, if you want to know how much it will cost you go to the computer. Computers are great because if you want to travel to different places, you can find a map on the computer and print it out. But sometimes computers suck because when people chat on a website, people may be adults but talking to kids.
Have you ever wondered what life would be like without a computer? Some experts worry that people are spending too much time on the computer. I believe we should still use computers. There is no doubt that using computers can help us learn. Computers help us understand the rest of the world. The folks at @PERCENT1 say they'd love to see beautiful places in the world. Computers can also teach you how to speak a language. @PERSON1 of @ORGANIZATION1 said: "Learning Spanish online has been very helpful in my classroom. Computers now offer online study groups that can help us get into college. A lot of people would agree that using a computer can help us learn new things. It's a fact , you are on the computer and not other people. When you are on the computer, you meet new people. Most people meet other people online. You also learn to socialize on the computer. Learning to be social on the computer. People can also learn to have a personality because they are using it. @PERSON2 said: "Because I got on the computer, I don't have a personality, but I feel like a whole person. When you interact with people on your computer. You know what, a computer teacher in your life said if you need to use a computer in your will. @PERSON3 said using a computer can help you type. Using a computer helps with hand-eye coordination. You have also typed a lot of articles in college that can help you too. So now you know that computers can help you in the future. There is no doubt that people should still use computers to help in many ways. So, what are you waiting for, get out and walk around your computer today!
Dear local paper, are you using your computer too long to take time to exercise or spend time with your family? Well, that's a big question for @LOCATION1. In my opinion, to fix this, people should only be allowed a certain amount of @ORGANIZATION1 time on their computer, and after they've enjoyed a good workout, outdoor time, and most importantly, spending time with their family. I think it makes the question better because you can have more fun than come home from school and shoot straight to wherever your computer is, then take a night off at @ORGANIZATION1. I also think this will help with the problem as it will also allow you to get better grades. If you're on the computer all the time and don't have time to exercise, go out, and connect with your family, it likely means you don't have time for homework. If you don't do your homework, your grades will likely drop, and you will most likely not understand what you learned in that class. This issue of operation affects you in many other ways as well. The problem with computers and why people (mostly kids) are so attached to computers is because of @ORGANIZATION1 sites like twitter, facebook, youtube, etc. and kids are @CAPS1 to them. This is part of @ORGANIZATION1's question because kids can't get away from @ORGANIZATION1 them, they love it so much. This question causes major problems, because if the parent says "it's time to get out of the car...to get some fresh air". Children always walk "a minute" and parents let them get away with it, but that "minute" turns into an hour at most. This sucks because by the time the kids are away from the computer, it's already dark and they can't run around outside. I think this is important because think facebook and twitter should be limited @ORGANIZATION1 time and should log you out in @NUM1 minutes. In conclusion, this issue is a national issue and in my opinion should be a new law that children must play outdoors and spend time with their families before using any computer. As you can see, having all these great sites can cause problems for kids. Thanks for taking the time to read why I think computers are a big problem in @ORGANIZATION1.
I think computers are great because some people don't have cell phones, so @CAPS1 is a great way to connect with people you know and also meet new people. Second, some people make collages after high school, so you can look it up on your computer and find what you like and prices, and you can find ways there as well. The third reason is that if the holidays are approaching, you can look online and find cheap and useful stuff. If you don't have enough time to go shopping, you can also order it online to your home. @CAPS1 Some of the reasons I think online is good, you can chat, find locations and prices, collages, and shop online @CAPS1 Why online is good.
Dear @CAPS1, I hear that many people spend a lot of time on the computer and less time for exercise, enjoying nature and interacting with family and friends. In my opinion, I think you should know about computers because it helps with school assignments or projects, talking with family members from afar and finding new friends. The first reason I should keep the computer is because it @MONTH1 helps with school assignments or projects. This is my number one reason because it's really useful and it's useful when you need it, if your computer isn't working, you can go to a friend's house and use the computer, and when you're done you can save your hard drive and have a computer at school print on. The second reason why I keep my computer is to talk to my family. Without a computer, you cannot communicate with your family. In my opinion, computers are very helpful for communicating with family members. You can also use your computer to communicate with your family if your phone isn't working. My third reason is to communicate and make new friends, you can communicate with your family from the computer, or even if you are late, you can send them a message from the computer. In my opinion, I think computers are a very good way to communicate with family members. I know people say they spend a lot of time on the computer and get addicted, but it's good for school work (like projects and assignments), people also say it's just for what, but I think we should keep the computer because it's not visible how others . It's doing schoolwork and talking with family. I know people spend a lot of time on the computer, but not others. In my opinion, we should not get rid of the computer because it is good for doing homework and talking with family. I think what you should do is not get rid of the computer.
Computers are used in many homes around the world, from @LOCATION1 all the way to the deserts of @LOCATION2. However, from @CAPS21's point of view, believing that computer use can have negative effects on you, such as lack of exercise. I can agree, but I truly believe that computers can have a positive impact on society if used properly. @CAPS21 There are computers here, and I believe there are many positive effects on computers, such as: there are a lot of things to do, you can surf the Internet, it's fun. If you have a computer, I am sure you will agree with me that you can do a lot of good things. For example, I know of many online colleges. Heard the commercial "@CAPS1 in your @CAPS2's?" where students can get @CAPS3.ED and have successful careers. Not only that, but you can get discounts on many items just by shopping online. There are many shopping sites online like @ORGANIZATION1. Also, many stores like @CAPS4 @CAPS5 have online catalogs where you can find them efficiently. Finally, if you have close relatives or friends who live far away, there are plenty of options today, like @CAPS6, (@CAPS7 @CAPS8 @CAPS9). You can use the webcam and @CAPS10 see and talk to each other webcam program where you can find your friends and see how they are doing every day. These are all good reasons for computers to succeed in the economy. Some computers are used for entertainment. There are a lot of @CAPS16 available online, like @CAPS11's (@CAPS12 @CAPS13 Online @CAPS14-@CAPS15 @CAPS16) I've played a lot, including @CAPS16 like @CAPS17. I love these @CAPS16 because they are very interesting worlds. You watch funny fat by watching many of your favorite movies on the internet via @CAPS18. @CAPS18 is a globally available resource where you can watch or upload videos for the world to see. The @CAPS18 video is "@CAPS19 @CAPS20 @CAPS21 @CAPS22" of a little boy bitten by his brother. This entertainment system is also a great way to kill time if you get bored. I can see what people are saying about it, but you just have to use it wisely and make a plan to use your computer for an hour a day. A computer also has many great resources for you to learn from, such as @CAPS16, an interesting online site called @CAPS23. With this, you can have a lot of fun @CAPS16 while learning interesting facts about science. In @CAPS21 science class we use this site many times to give us an idea of motion/gravity. You can also do research online and you have a lot of projects. I know that I use the web in almost every project.
Imagine life without a computer @ORGANIZATION2. Do you think this will make life harder? Computers are positively impacting people for educational reasons and new ways to develop @CAPS3 skills. @ORGANIZATION2 is very important to our social. Computers can help us meet our educational needs. When school projects exceed @PERCENT1 @ORGANIZATION2, students use computers to access the information they need. I agree that students rely too much on computers rather than books, but computers provide more information than regular books. Computing @CAPS1 allows us as students to broaden our horizons. @ORGANIZATION2 means "students close to @PERCENT2 @ORGANIZATION2 learned something new from a computer they didn't know." @CAPS1, in @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 @CAPS4, students can find more country-specific information than books. I predict that as a result of the information access that @ORGANIZATION2 computers give us, grades will soon increase by at least @NUM1 to @PERCENT3. In a service done by @ORGANIZATION1, it was discovered that @PERCENT4 @ORGANIZATION2 students found more relevant information on a chosen topic than in the entire school library. Next, computers can help young children with hand-eye coordination. Observe students at school to see how or if coordination is developing. Computer game lowered @PERCENT3 to @PERCENT5 due to low coordination of @PERCENT3 @ORGANIZATION2 students. Computers really help meet the educational needs of @ORGANIZATION2 students in @LOCATION1. Computers are a great way to socialize with friends. This is a new and creative way of communication. I know some @MONTH1 say less time is spent on human interaction, but on the computer it's still interactive. Using cell phones can only chat with each other, but computers have webcams. The device allows you to talk to people with some human interaction. About @NUM2 to @NUM3 million @CAPS5 have this device available. It @CAPS1 comes pre-installed on many @ORGANIZATION3 and @ORGANIZATION4 laptops, giving us a portable call channel. The CEO of @ORGANIZATION3 said: "The @CAPS6 laptop has c built-in webcam and one out of every two @ORGANIZATION2 that have it uses it for social and business chat." Computers help us meet @CAPS3 or business communication on demand. Computers are a great way to start and develop with @CAPS3 skills. Kids over @PERCENT6 @ORGANIZATION2 use computers to start with @ORGANIZATION2 their @CAPS3 skills. Computers allow many people to be each other @CAPS3 in new and effective ways. In conclusion, ordinary computers can benefit our lives in positive ways. From our educational needs to our @CAPS3 needs, computers are affecting us in these two very important ways.
Dear newspaper, @CAPS1 Your life is without computers. Writing articles on a typewriter or by hand can certainly be a hassle. The question of whether computers are good for society has risen in the media, arguing that people spend less time interacting with nature and less time with their families. However, computers are a huge step forward for modern science and are good for the community. Computers have greatly aided education in schools, not to mention an easier way to connect with friends and family. Computers also have many different forms of entertainment. Computers have taken a huge step forward and are completely beneficial to our society. First, computers help academically in our schools and homes. I can't even @CAPS1 take your homework home or the hassle of writing two papers, just handwriting! Trying to get it done just makes me anxious and leads to bad grades. Also, think about the handwriting factor. Most of the kids at my school are bad at handwriting, and I'm assuming teachers have a hard time grading things they don't understand. With programs like @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS2, you can choose from different fonts, colors, bold, pictures, symbols, and more. Another way that computers can help academically is at school. More and more teachers are using computers to help us learn. Test it on a computer, visit websites that help us with our research, and can use other @ORGANIZATION1 programs like powerpoint for the project. Computers have helped a lot in school and at the same time helped us learn a lot. Computers also help keep in touch with friends and family. The days of texting are replaced by long emails with pictures, sent over the internet to your friend's screen in seconds. People can save money by not developing photos but storing them on a computer, ready to be printed on adhesive paper. Communication through computers has advanced. Something like cideo chat (vchat) where you can literally see and talk to someone else, or just audio chat where you can talk to that person. This simple way of communication inspires people to talk and stay connected with family and friends. Computers make a positive impact on the community by making it easy to talk to your loved ones. Computers can also provide an interesting source of entertainment on the web. Sites have been created where you can play games, find people from your past, or just watch funny videos. Anything you type in the toolbar is instantly converted into a linked website page where you can find detailed information about your topic, or an interesting website is "youtube" related content. The site allows people to upload videos. The possibilities on the web are endless. Another interesting site is "@CAPS3". The site is where you can "make friends" with people you've met in the past and interact with them. You can post videos, write messages, and more. As you can see, entertainment on the web is everywhere. Now is the time to learn about the full benefits of computers. Computers are good for modern society because they help academically, encourage you to stay in touch with family and friends, and provide entertainment. We should all understand that computers are huge advances in science, they are very helpful and fun!
So far, the impact of computers on humans has been positive, and the excellent intelligence provided by computers must be accepted, not feared and avoided. Whether we like it or not, computers will be necessary to solve future problems. Also, for personal use, computers are very beneficial. The main reason people are afraid of computers is because the danger is radiation, which is really unreasonable if you analyze it carefully. It is totally unreasonable not to use such a complex and developed system as a computer, which is the future of simplicity and clarity. Computers and the technologies associated with them inevitably picture the future of our world. Whether people like the concept or not, computers will be a necessity for solving problems and disasters that wreak havoc on the world in time. Computers can predict natural disasters so people can be evacuated from disaster destination areas. Can save lives. Computers can calculate pollution margins and provide solutions for the massive amount of pollution humans release in the air and @CAPS1. @ORGANIZATION1 is naturally spared. Get more out of your computer. People have to adapt to @LOCATION1 technology or we will fall behind and watch our @CAPS1 slip away. This proves that the impact of computers on people is not only positive, but necessary to progress in an evolving world. Downgrading to a global level and a more personal level has also been shown to be beneficial to humans. In most cases, computers do better and make fewer mistakes than humans themselves. Instead of humans working in dangerous places like deep water, computers can be sent below to visualize previously inaccessible areas. In addition, faster communication can be very helpful in certain situations, such as when a situation occurs in the workplace that results in the area being closed. As a member of the workplace, one can simply email his employer to inform them of the accuracy and prevent them from putting themselves at risk, or simply prevent the hassle of a male commuting to work. Even from @LOCATION1 to @LOCATION2, a single click of "@CAPS2" can have accidents all over the world. External communication, especially through instant messaging, can strengthen our business and government ties with other countries. Finally, finding information using @CAPS3 is very simple. Where can I find information quickly without a computer? We still go to the library and check books, reading page by page to find information that takes less than a minute on the computer. Even one who agrees with the computer has to admit that it is very beneficial. As you can see, computers have proven to have a positive impact on their users even though they are used less globally. One thing, especially parents, that fuels negative perceptions of computers is security and reliability. When these two topics are analyzed, it is so simple to remove the unreliability and danger of computers. Install a program with unlimited options that allows viewing of "good" sites, and binds "bad" sites on potentially dangerous @CAPS4. This removes all the news about online interactions and events going bad. Computers are generally safe even without software to block dangerous websites. Only @NUM1 of @NUM2 sites contain content deemed "harmful" to humans. Also, of these @NUM2, @NUM4 provides reliable, correct information. These two stats eliminate the security and reliability issues that some users start to think about. This shows that the negative effects of the computer can be eliminated, leaving only the positives. In conclusion, the positive effects of computers on users far outweigh the negative effects. Computers are the future and have even been shown to save lives. Why would someone not want to save another person's life? Also, the benefits of @CAPS3 or PCs are too great to ignore. Finally, on closer inspection, computers are very reliable and can be done very securely, removing the main fear of computers. So far we have created such a safe, beneficial and necessary device that we must use and by doing so improve our own lives, and the lives of @ORGANIZATION1.
Dear newspaper, I think people should use computers for specific reasons. One reason is that many people have lost family members or, more specifically, people. Then when you have a computer for others to use, you will be able to see them. For other purposes, such as wanting to play online with classmates or friends, then you must use a computer. Plus, your fingers get exercise while typing. Many of us kids say myspace and facebook are a bad place. Actually, it's not because most of your family is on it. Doctors have been using computers to notify other doctors that a patient has a problem or to give a vision of breathing. Workers can even use it to see how work is progressing, and if there are any vacancies they can take. Students use it to demonstrate the work they have to do when the teacher is away. If I were a real estate agent, I would carry a computer with me. The reason is that my team will know which houses are available or sold. Or I'll give them different houses to choose from and give them a good deal. I also bring a computer for GPS positioning so I can know where I am. Many people use computers for different reasons. Like pogs, cheatcodes, @CAPS1 cards and other stuff. The reason I use it is because my work is important to me. If I miss it, I will do it on the computer. That's why you should always have a computer. You update know what to expect. In conclusion, this is why owning a computer is so important. The reason is if something happens. For you, you don't have a phone to use a computer. Everyone has something to do, but computers are the best thing that can be beneficial.
Dear local paper, I think computers are a great resource. They help us right away when we have to find something. Computers are very useful and easy to use. Once you get the hang of this computer, you'll feel like you can do almost anything on it. Computers are great, but they can also affect us negatively. I love computers, but I'll say I'm against them. When people turn on their computers, it's like they're in another world. When you're on the computer, you're much less social than when you're not on the computer. Don't know about you, but a lot of people are addicted to their computers. They keep going, they keep going forever. This behavior is like being on the computer every day. I don't have to be on a computer site like @CAPS1, that's why. Computers are really annoying sometimes. They distract a lot of people. Like the other day my sister and I were going to @NUM1 for a walk but we didn't because she wouldn't help us work out so we shouldn't be using it. In this economy, having social skills is important. Immediately messing with people doesn't mean you have social skills. You actually have to go out and talk to people face to face. I know it when I'm on the computer for a long time. I know this because my eyes are starting to hurt. It's not good for your eyesight. People are sitting in their houses, just staring at bright screens. They @MONTH1 don't know, but it's dizzying so they can't stay on the computer for long. These are some reasons why you shouldn't use your computer. I'm not saying it's an evil contraption, I'm just saying, use the computer for information, not work for games and other things. You can play outside instead of sitting at home, so get out! Go make some real breathing friends in person.
Dear newspaper, people should play with family and friends instead of staying in front of the computer all the time. People are healthier, have stronger bonds with their families, and do better in school. If people exercise instead of staying at the computer, they will always recover faster. When the computer is unplugged, anyone has a chance to hang out. When people go out and hang out with their friends, they work out, which makes you lose weight. @NUM1 scientists believe it's better to go out and socialize than to sit on a computer and watch a monotonous video. If people stay in front of the computer and go out, they are more active because it makes you feel good about your body and healthy so you don't die from a terrible disease. If people don't use computers, they will have a stronger bond with their families. Families will be more connected, not separated by computers. Your family will always comfort you when you have a bad day. Your family will help you overcome any issues so you can move on. If you do it with a computer, all you see is the face of someone who can't comfort you with a hug. Without computers, you get a closer family that loves and supports each other, but with computers, people just drive families away. Closer families also help school children achieve better grades. Families who stay in front of the computer and have dinner with their families often have children with better grades. @NUM2 scientists agree that kids who dine and play with their families get better grades in school. If children do better in school by using computers and spending quality time with their families, we have great inventions that can help humanity in every way. All of this can happen away from the computer. Getting away from the computer is a great way to help yourself and others. It will make people healthier, create stronger connections, and create more graduates to go on and achieve the greatest of all inventions. Imagine what would happen if you didn't use a computer.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 People have computers at home, but they don't agree that computers can help you. Using a computer has some advantages, such as being able to search for information, learning hand-eye coordination, being organized, but it also has its disadvantages, such as children spending more time on the computer than going out to play with friends, exercising, maintaining healthy. I agree that computers do have a positive impact on children. Computers not only allow children to stay in touch with family members who live far away, but also help them complete projects more efficiently and quickly. Where @MONTH1 seems to do one thing, but in reality we can upload pictures and movies, download music and play games at the same time. Now that I've told you @DATE1 I hope we share the same views on computers like how they are owned and how positive they are in a way.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, experts say computers are "taking over" and I strongly disagree. People spend the time they need and want, then become active or spend time with family and friends. Computers allow people to learn, and they also allow people to communicate with family and friends. Also, @CAPS5 people use computers to work and work. I believe that computers can allow people like me to learn. You can also learn @CAPS5 stuff on your computer. You can learn about other countries and also read news articles. You can learn different languages and worlds. Online people can communicate with others. There is Skype, which allows you to communicate with others on the Internet, you use a webcam. And instant messenger, or @CAPS3. @CAPS3 It's like talking to the person next to you! Then there are emails that can send letters, photos, and comments. @CAPS5 People use computers for work. Microsoft @CAPS4 allows you to type stories and type letters. @CAPS5 People do work reports at @CAPS4. Also, the internet is very helpful for work. Websites and search engines can help you a lot. Websites can contain information that staff need. To close this letter, I want to say @NUM1) Computers make people learn. @NUM2) They allow people to communicate with friends and family. Finally, @NUM3) @CAPS5 staff use computers for work and reporting. I hope I influenced you to see why computers are fine.
I walked into the bedroom and noticed the computer sitting on a magic desk. I think computers are very useful. There is a lot of debate about whether computing is good for society. My take on this topic is that computers are useful and I support the technology. Computers are great tools to help students work in school. For example, this year I have a science project on how my hobbies relate to science. One of my interests in reading, @CAPS1 I have to study how reading simple backs is relevant to science. I went online, typed in my question about reading, and two seconds later thousands of results appeared. I even got some pictures. A few days later, after I handed over my project, I received it. I got @NUM1 on this project! @CAPS1 Being able to use a computer has really improved my science grades. Without the internet, I probably wouldn't be able to get an A in this. As you can see, computers help students with projects in school and more. Using this technology can help you reconnect with friends and family. In elementary school, my friend @PERSON1 moved to @LOCATION1 @CAPS2. I couldn't communicate with her until I found a program on the internet that lets you chat with people. We've both been using it and we've been able to speak our minds. I don't see @PERSON1 as often as I used to, but my computer is open in my bedroom and I can chat with her online almost every day. Computers can help rebuild old relationships with friends and family. @CAPS1 Communicating on these is another benefit. Using computers can help enrich people's minds. For example, at school we use a program called "@CAPS3 @CAPS4". @CAPS3 @CAPS4 lets you play games @CAPS3 that help you, and test them when you're ready to take them. @CAPS3 @CAPS4 has been helping us practice @ORGANIZATION1. After taking multiple exams in subjects such as Science, Math and Language Arts, I am now confident taking @ORGANIZATION1 that I will do well on these exams. As you know, the @CAPS3 @CAPS4 tools on your computer can benefit your school grades. The impact of computers on people is that they help and benefit society. I think more citizens should have computers because they expand your knowledge. I am clearly in favor of owning and using a computer.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, These days, computers have made a positive difference to the daily lives of all of us. People have better connections with family and friends, and even have the ability to make new friends. While social networking is great, computers can also make work incredibly easy and professional. They can also perfect hand-eye coordination skills. But with that in mind, is a computer really a harmful or useful device? Sometimes we wonder where our long-lost friends and relatives have gone and how they are now. Well, with computer and internet access, you can easily reach them through great social networks like @CAPS1. I keep hearing from everyone about reunions, friends have been reunited. Reunite with friends and you can also make new friends with a simple click of a button. Isn't it easy to make more friends and reconnect now? Today's computers offer great software from @ORGANIZATION2 that makes it easier to create slideshows, projects and reports. I remember we made @CAPS2 with my best friend in @NUM1 grade. All we do is take pictures, upload them to his laptop, and we caption all the pictures. We did an excellent professional job on the project and received an A-. While I know that while using a computer, people have little time to be outdoors, advances in technology will enhance hand-eye coordination. Picture this: You're in the lead in a baseball game. @NUM2 bats and @NUM3 balls are your counts. Everyone is cheering for you. Pitcher pitches and slams! You swing that bat and hit a home run! Do you know what technique the ball was hit with? That's right - hand-eye coordination. So now when everyone wonders what kind of effects computers have, just remember how easy this job is for me. Think back to that baseball player too. You know, the one that hits the home run using hand-eye coordination. But most importantly, remember how easy it is to connect with the people you love the most and stay closest to you. Computers are a positive advancement for society, and everyone should rest assured!
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 editors, @CAPS3 is true, more and more people use computers, you know that, but @CAPS3 is really a necessity. I use my computer, I used to use @CAPS3 all the time, but then I started to like sports like skateboarding and snowboarding, so now I'm leaving @CAPS3. However @CAPS4 there are still a lot of people using them and I believe people should really try to stop using them because you might start getting fat @PERSON1, @CAPS4 is the better thing to do and then sit at the computer all day , @CAPS3 great for fresh air outside. The first is that @CAPS3 has the potential to make you fat @PERSON1, being fat is not a good thing @CAPS3 can actually be heartbreaking because they can't help @CAPS3 and I feel so bad for them. I have a few friends who are overweight like @PERSON1, @PERSON1 is a very overweight kid, he was about @NUM1 pounds when he was @NUM2, I haven't seen him in a year, we have some good @ CAPS2, but I do feel bad because he's overweight, @CAPS3 sucks, @PERSON1 can't even ride a bike, no one will teach him anyway because he doesn't have a father and his mother is overweight as fat as his sister. see her again. So being overweight is bad, and sitting on a computer will make it worse @CAPS3. Next up is @CAPS4 so much better than sitting at the computer all day messing around with it like saying I'm going to lose my life. Instead of being on a computer, you can be with your friends, whether @CAPS3 is shopping or not, you're still on the move, it's better than being on a computer, trust me. Going for a walk @PERSON1 something just trying to be silly but still fun, computer. I take the fun of @CAPS3 @CAPS4 and do many, many things on the computer. Best of all @CAPS3 is great for fresh air outside, definitely a great thing to do outside, you can walk, on a trampoline, @PERSON1 skate anything is better than on a computer, even if it's just sitting @ CAPS4 is good for your body on the rocks outside because you need fresh air in your system. It's fun to just do something that involves something other than @CAPS3. So all you computer lovers get out of the car and have fun outside with friends @PERSON1 your family. I hope you all listen to me and take my advice, so remember @CAPS3 is likely to get fat, @CAPS4 is the best thing to do, then sit at the computer all day, @CAPS3 better get some freshness outside Air.
Have your daughters or sons ever asked you if they wanted a computer at school? Are you confused when they say they talk about @CAPS2 at school, they can teach hand-eye coordination, enable them to learn from far away, and even allow them to talk to people all over the world? what do you think? Did you agree? If you do, then your thoughts are positive, not negative. There are many reasons to disagree. Safety, money, health. Lots of people say interacting with other people is great, but if your son or daughter interacts with people they @CAPS1 know, are you worried? They can be asked who they are and if they are alive. Sometimes they even ask if they can meet face to face. My friend @PERSON2 said her school has these computers, her friend @PERSON3 was asked to meet someone she didn't know or meet her, she finally said yes, @PERSON2 said she never showed up. Would you want something like this to happen to your child? Well, this is just the beginning. Once your kid's school has a computer, they'll be addicted to @CAPS2, @PERSON1 said: "If a kid doesn't go out and enjoy their childhood there, but they want to concentrate on their homework, they end up just eating and playing with the computer. Get fat." @CAPS2 is very important, your kids make sure to go out and have fun and exercise because then they'll just be @NUM1 on the computer. Have you ever thought about it? Another thing is that the school is going to have to pay a lot of money and if your kid breaks the computer then you're going to have to pay a lot of money too. Not only will you benefit from @CAPS2 if your child's school has a computer. I very sincerely don't believe that students should get computers. And your student computer @MONTH1 got a virus from an inappropriate website. Then you have to pay for it. In the end the school did not have enough money to buy materials. what would you do? ! ? Your kid won't be addicted to your kid's computer for education! Do you still support these computers! ? I hope it's not because of the chance @PERCENT1 that they will or won't get @CAPS2. Hope I gave you enough information about safety, money and health. This is a very urgent situation so please pay attention.
Dear: Local News @CAPS1 was recently brought to my attendees that people should use computers. My three arguments are that they enable hand-eye coordination, enable people to understand distant places and people, and even allow people to talk to other people online. @CAPS1 trains people's hand-eye coordination because when people type on kyebord, they type more and more and faster on kyebord. Mach people first have more coordination, then they get used to typing, and when they type fast, they finally start typing fast @CAPS1 giving them more hand-eye coordination. Using computers enables people to learn about distant places and people because they can google people and places, then @CAPS1 shows a lot of weddings, then when they enter a wedding, they enter a person's name and declare and then @CAPS1 shows their person's place. Computers enable people to talk to people from other places like target, myspace or facebook, people can play games and talk at the same time, so this time computers are very popular because of what people do on websites and that's why I think people Computers should be used like my three @CAPS2, so @CAPS1 went to my attenchon, people should use computers for three reson i is tach hand - coordination enables people to learn from far away places and people, and even allows people in Talk to other people online, so that's why I suggest people should use a computer.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 Do you have a computer at home? Currently, more than @PERCENT1 people have at least one or more computers at home. Computers are ubiquitous now, but people think our society really needs them. Computers can have negative effects on people, such as blindness, interacting with strangers online, and a lack of outdoor exercise. Today, one in five people wear glasses or contact lenses. The number of people wearing glasses is also increasing rapidly. Children and adults spend too much time on the computer, causing vision loss. When people use too much computer, their eyes start to hurt and cause headaches. These are signs that too much time is spent, but people tend to ignore it because they want to get work done, or are just addicted to online video games. This shows the dire effects computers have had on society. When a person goes online, there are no restrictions on him or her. Once one is online, there are countless websites to visit, but these are not always trusted. Online, anyone can go on, there are millions of people who are not connected or relevant. In other words, strangers, interacting with people they don't know is very dangerous. They can have devastating effects and have no supremacy unless they are the same type of teacher. Unfortunately, people can't trust anyone online because they don't know who it is. For example Facebook. People think they are private, but everything uploaded or posted is public. Others can view your profile even if they are not friends of that person. It's not safe by any means. The rate of people becoming addicted to the Internet is also increasing. Often these people do not go out at all and stay at home. These people are not getting enough exercise, which is very unhealthy, and they tend to eat fast food, which is also unhealthy. Because of this, people on the computer get fat from unbalanced meals and never interact with people and nature outside. In conclusion, computers have a negative impact on society because they increase the number of people who wear glasses and become blind. Second, they are creating an unsafe environment. Finally, it makes people's meals unbalanced and loses their eating habits.
Dear local newspaper writer, I am writing to talk to you about computer use. I think computers benefit our community a lot. I feel this way because it can warn us of natural disasters. It taught us everything about everything. Finally, we start talking to people online. In the next paragraphs, I'll share my thoughts on this topic with you. My first reason was natural disasters. Computers always warn us about them. For example, when Hurricane Katrina hit, the computer was able to see this on it. Before that, many were able to flee the city. The status shows that @PERCENT1's natural disaster computer has classified them. Computers have each saved people's lives. Another example is the recent earthquake in @LOCATION1. Computers provide information about them to many people. That's why my computer warns us of natural disasters. The second reason I say computers benefit us is because it teaches us everything about far-flung places, new words, and what's going on in our own country. For example, I have to research a person in my project, and I just have to enter his name and the information page that pops up. You'd be surprised how much information a computer has. Comuter has everything you need as a human being and more. This is my second reason why computers are useful. My last reason we can talk online. Now it has its pros and cons. Chatting online is fun. I mean you are on many sites, myspace, facebook, twitter. It never ends. People can really talk to old friends, family. But many have to be careful because of their creepiness. Say you can't meet your friends, you can @ORGANIZATION1 or ooVoo (webcam) them. The computer is your friend. So you might as well take advantage of it. This is the last reason my computer can benefit you now. In conclusion, I think computers make the world a lot easier. I ask your reason. It warns us of natural disasters. It taught us everything. Finally you can chat online.
