I don't think people should be spending so much time on the computer. Here are three reasons why one thinks. My number one reason is that if people stay on the computer for a long time, it can ruin the way you look. My second reason is that you can spend time with family and friends. My last reason is that people who sit in front of a computer all day gain weight. First of all, I don't think people should be at the computer all day. Because it messes up the way you see it, because you stare at a computer screen all day, or your eyes get messed up. I don't think you should ever be on your computer for more than an hour. Sometimes when your eye starts hurting, you've been on it for a long time. The second reason I shouldn't be on the computer for a long time is because when you're there for class. Do what you are doing. You might mess up fun things you can do with family or friends. But some people just like to look at the computer screen all day, some people start to dislike going out and we even ask for help socially. My last reason is that people shouldn't use their computers for long periods of time because some people will sit there and eat all day. This will allow them to gain more weight. This can make life a lot harder because now that they're on track, they're just sitting around all day anyway. They should be running around outside. Here are three reasons why I think people shouldn't be on their computer all day. One is what you see they screw up, two is you screw up the fun things you can do with our family and end up with people gaining weight while sitting at the computer all day.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, have you ever wondered what people think about certain technologies? While some people say that other people spend too much time on their computers and are wasting their time, I think computers can help us do a lot of different things. They can help with homework, interact with people, and even help us exercise. You will find that computers will eventually be everyone's benefit. For many students, they need computers to help them understand their subjects. Some websites offer online courses. On top of that, they have books online, so if they forget the real books, they can still do their homework. My math teacher @PERSON2 always said, "@CAPS1 goes online." I find it really helps me when I'm struggling at work. If we still @CAPS4 don't understand, we can also ask our friends for help. We can do more than that. There are attractions like @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 where we can interact with other people. You can talk to them when they're out of town and don't have a cell phone. You can also record when you're on the phone and you have something important to tell them, like helping them with their homework. They can still talk to over a million people who use these attractions at @LOCATION1 when there is no phone reception between each other. When people say exercise takes up their time, they are wrong. Many websites offer good advice on how to lose weight. Showcasing many diet plans like @PERSON3 or @PERSON1. Not only that, but they also have exercise programs. It's not the computer's fault, it's the @CAPS4 people who don't "stick" to their workouts. Plus, the computer recommends many great gyms you can join, like @LOCATION2 Fitness. @CAPS4 Don't you think this is a good "deal"? @CAPS4 Don't listen to other people sticking to my point that computers are good for everyone. They can help us do so much more than anything. I can't imagine life without them. Most people use computers! Thanks for reading.
Dear @CAPS1, I disagree with those who support technological progress, those who believe that computers have a positive impact on people. Would you rather spend your time on your computer rotting like a vegetable, or would you rather hang out with your kids, travel to other places you never thought possible, or even hit the gym and maybe lose some weight? I vote to hang out with my friends! You know people who like to travel far and have fun rather waste time on the computer. Although people love to check out all the cool places they look on the internet; what's the point of just sitting on their screen and looking at the screen when you can get a plane ticket and fly to the amazing places you see on your computer Woolen cloth? Row. I know traveling to faraway places can be scary because you've never been to the area in your life, but @CAPS3 it's worth a shot. Well, if flying isn't your thing, then why don't you exercise. @MONTH1 You've been trying to lose some extra pounds. You can always try. Think @CAPS3, my mom used her to make her a @NUM1 size, now it looks like her size is @NUM1. Why bore yourself to death with a computer that might give you the wrong advice when you can always ask your friends for advice. Yes, a friend is a living person, and losing weight will help you gain confidence if you try it. @CAPS3 Like @PERSON1, from @CAPS2 below said, if you want to achieve your goals, you have to want @CAPS3. Everyone can move towards this goal! Maybe you don't want to exercise, maybe you want to hang out with your friends and family. How would you chat with eight people in front of you if you waste your time chatting online. If you could talk online, maybe you could talk to people in real life? right? Incorrect! Some can, some can't. I am a very talkative person, but I know how to chat online. I think then why can't you? That's @CAPS3, it's time to decide. Do you want to spend your time on the computer or do you want to spend your time in the real world. Get out of your chair, turn off the computer and get up. Put on your wat, go outside and do something yourself. Use your mouth not your hands. It's not hard to talk to the people they communicate with @CAPS3. Believe me. If I can do @CAPS3 you can do @CAPS3 too! @CAPS3 Now or never I choose now, and so should you. Don't waste any more time, go travel. Just do @CAPS3. Don't run back to that computer. Throw away @CAPS3, you can do without @CAPS3.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, More and more people are using computers, but not everyone agrees that it is good for society, I am one of those people who disagree. I disagree, because you're on the computer all day and you forget things. For example, you will forget about exercising, you will forget about nature, and you will forget about interacting with your friends and family. I assure you that if you read on, you will understand and realize my points. People spend a lot of time on the computer, and they're not exercising as much as they should. Exercise is important and it can help you. Exercise can help you grow. It makes you stronger. If you are at the computer all day, you will exercise and develop. Another reason, I think its main idea is that you can't enjoy nature. You can't hike in the woods when you're on your computer. You can't go on a camping trip. You can't do that in the pleasant air of nature. The last reason, but certainly not the least, is that you will forget to interact with your friends and family. This is very important because computers can do so many things. It can teach you a lot, but it can't do that, @MONTH1 I love you. Only your family and friends can do this. Hope you get my point. People should stop doing this, you forget to exercise nature and spend time with your friends and family. I now want to thank you for the opportunity to hear my thoughts.
Dear @CAPS1 I don't think people should spend too much time on the computer because they exercise less, they don't interact with friends and family, and it's bad for their health. People shouldn't spend that much time. They don't enjoy their lives outside their house. My number one reason why people shouldn't spend so much time on a computer is that it's bad for their health. Spending too much time on their computer can strain your eyes. Some people with seizures, myself included, trigger aggression and space us apart. Spending too much time on the computer can disrupt your vision or damage your body. For me that is very unhealthy. Another reason that spending so much time on the computer is bad is that you don't interact with family and friends. Being on your computer all the time can make you forget about spending time with friends and family. You will be addicted to being on the computer all the time. You will forget to say hello and how are you doing to your family. You won't spend time with your friends and they will start ignoring you and thinking you don't care about them. Being on the computer all the time can disrupt your social activities with other people. The last reason I'm not good at spending too much time on the computer is that you don't like nature. You don't realize how much you're missing because you're on the computer. Yes, you can learn to think with a computer, but you can also learn it yourself. Playing on the computer a lot can make you not want to exercise, and it's not good for your body. You will at least forget to go jogging and discover new things. You realize that exploring nature is better than just watching. That's why it's not good for me to spend too much time on the computer. It's not healthy. You will not interact with your friends or family. You also don't enjoy nature for yourself. So just get off the computer and enjoy what life has to offer you.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 was decades ago, before computers. What do you see? There were kids out there exercising, playing with friends, living a life without danger, and then the computer came along. Computers are pushing the next generation into dangerous lives staring at all kinds of painters all day and destroying any civilized relationship you have. I strangely think that computers have a negative impact on society. Did you know that with the increase in computer sales, obesity rates have gone up @PERCENT1 because computers come into our lives, why? Because people spend too much time exercising and not enough time exercising! Another effect of prolonged computer time in front of a screen is decreased vision. My family friend @PERSON2 had to wear glasses because his eyes were damaged by the computer. "I'm so worried about my daughter's eyes...she's staring at the screen for hours!" @CAPS2 @PERSON3, parent of @ORGANIZATION1. How can something so harmful be good for our society? Speaking of harm, the internet is very unsafe. Predators surfing the web looking for young, innocent people to meet and most likely abusing @PERCENT2 Parents monitor their kids' computer usage all the time Parents don't know the internet makes it easy to talk to anyone in the world, from @LOCATION1 to @location 2! Surveillance also comes in handy when it comes to inappropriate videos, pictures, and discussions on the internet. It's easy to surf the web and land on something you shouldn't see! Lastly, it's easy to get caught up in hiding behind a computer and say mean, hurtful things that would never be said in person! These unfortunate factors cause many problems among people today. Speaking of which, computers are having a very negative impact on relationships today. As I mentioned before, a lot of combat happens through computer communication. Even if online conversations are friendly, they can get people used to having people "@CAPS3" via a computer rather than face-to-face. After forming a computer-oriented friendship, people tend to forget how to act face-to-face and find private meetings awkward. @PERSON1, 8th grader at @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS4, "I can't @CAPS5 just talk to computers and never civilize with other people! Unfortunately, that's where computers lead us..." @CAPS5 It has never been possible to meet your best friend in person only through technology! @MONTH1 isn't even your friend. This can be a dangerous poser! Here's another question...over the internet, you @MONTH1 don't even know who you have this relationship with! It could be fake and you don't know. Unfortunately, rolling around in front of the computer all day, putting yourself and your relationships at risk, is the impact of the computer. Computers are not worth the terrible consequences that civilization has to face. I @CAPS6 urge you to stop technological progress now before it's too late! Make a change today.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2, I would like to thank you in advance for taking the time to read this letter, it means a lot to me, I am writing today because I have noticed that some people say that computers can not benefit society. Those people are so wrong! Computers are amazing! They make research easier, I can learn about other countries, and I can talk to people online. I do all of these things almost every day! We have just completed a rather large research assignment on English and social studies. It involves getting note cards from different sources. Luckily, I can find a lot of books on my subject in the card catalog on my computer, just by typing in the keyword! We can narrow down our options so easily because you can search for such specific content. Once you find your topic, you can check for solid information by reading the abstract. All of this can be done in about @NUM1 minutes or less. This is almost impossible without a computer. I have several relatives in @LOCATION3, @LOCATION2. Not long ago, my family and I were planning a visit to @LOCATION2. We were able to find directions from the airport to their house on a search engine. It gives us directions and an estimated time to get there. I was also able to do a lot of research on other countries at the push of a button. It's also so easy and convenient! Two of my uncles live in @LOCATION1. At Thanksgiving, my mom was upset because she missed them, and then I could set them up in a video chat room so my mom could talk to them. This is great, it's so convenient to go to IM. I can talk to people all over the world without even having money! In conclusion, computers are very helpful because you can learn about foreign countries, you can easily access research, and you can talk online. There's a long list of other things that make computers great, but would take a long time to write. Thanks again for listening.
Dear local paper, I think computers have a good influence on people. My number one reason is that there are people in college who are far from home like my sister, and my family talks to her on the computer. Lots of people have email addresses! This tells them about grocery or clothing store sales and uses these cups to save people money. Statistics show that adults who use computers at night feel more awake at @TIME1. My second reason is that if someone is on vacation or moving, they can go online and see if it's safe there, or if they have a good school there, they can learn about the place and see what it's like. They can also find out about colleges, see if they are a small school, if a lot of kids go to that school, etc. My third and final reason is when people use computers there. Hand-eye coordination gets better because your fingers move as you type, you feel when you use it, and you type faster. Plus, you're not just sitting there moving your fingers and using your brain. Scholastic kids pointed out that kids who use computers and keyboards can improve @CAPS1 by @NUM1 points. In conclusion, I don't think the computer will have bad effects after you read this article, I hope you agree with me.
I think it's good that people spend a lot of time on the computer instead of having time to exercise, enjoy nature, and interact with family and friends because people choose to either stay in front of the computer all day or go out. Computers affect people's lives in good and bad ways. People stay inside all day and do nothing but sit there and click buttons. The good way is that it educates you in multiple ways, because @CAPS1 you watch or read interesting stuff on your computer, you might end up learning something before you do it in school. Playing on the computer for a while is fine, but @CAPS1 you're on it all day and then you don't exercise and get lazy and fat. But @CAPS1 you go outside sometimes and you don't have to worry because you're exercising to help your body. I think computers are a great form of entertainment. You can chat with your friends, @CAPS1 you have a webcam you can video chat with your friends. Computers are a great way to communicate. Millions of people use computers to work in their @CAPS2. Life would be ten times harder for people in this world without computers. People like accountants use computers to do the work there. They store data into computers to remember @CAPS1 that you can't write on paper, people also build websites on the internet to help with education, like @CAPS1 you type in a word that defines you, people also make @CAPS4 Engines, @CAPS4 Engines are some of the engines on a website that search for what you type. @CAPS1 What you enter will get what you are looking for. The whole point of me explaining this is that they want to use @CAPS1 all the time and it's people's choice. Because computers and internet connections are not free. It doesn't even do any harm to your brain. It's mostly about educating it. People even go to school online, they study and research stuff on the internet. Also, you get @CAPS2 where you use your computer, you can make programs and whatever you want. So my statement here is that it's okay to spend a lot of time on your computer instead of exercising to meet friends and family and enjoy nature. I think computers are fine, no matter how long you use it, it depends @CAPS1 your studies, not gaming all day, being lazy and getting fat.
Dear local paper: Are computers having a positive impact on society? As technology advances, humans rely more and more on them; most people use them every day. I believe computers have a positive impact on people because they help in writing papers, are a social tool, and are a great help in research. After reading this letter, there is no doubt that computers have had a positive impact on people in society. The first reason computers have a positive impact on people is that they help in writing papers. Whether writing a resume, scientific report, or spreadsheet, none of this is done by hand these days. Everyone wants to see flawless letters on printer paper, no matter what the text is. This helps people who write essays, because writing requires many drafts to make an essay perfect; handwriting each draft is a pain. Also, it's easier to read someone's writing @CAPS1 it's type, especially @CAPS1 the author has handwriting. However, computers are not just helpful for writing papers. I think the second reason computers passively affect people is as a social tool. Today, many online sites have social networks such as youtube, facebook, twitter and myspace. On the sites listed above and many others, people can meet other people through other friends and games. The nice thing about meeting them online is that you don't have to plan a time to meet with this person, @CAPS1 y'all are online and you can start chatting. Chat also helps @CAPS1 people form long-distance relationships, whether it's friends, partners, or family. Online chat helps people stay in touch with people they may not meet every day. It helps a lot in everyone's social life, let's be "@CAPS2", online sites like eharmony or match.com give people little time to worry about love and pair them with the perfect partner. It also helps shy people get married and start a family. This helps people live happier lives, which is another positive effect. Finally, computers have a positive impact on people by making research easier. My dad always said "It's easy for you kids. @CAPS1 When I was growing up, we would go to the library and spend hours researching before we could write a paper." @CAPS3, simple. Using the internet and search engines, you can just enter a topic and get all the latest articles in seconds. The library may not have the latest books, or someone may have viewed a book on your topic. So what can you do? The internet is also a very useful aid to @CAPS1 if the research topic is very specific, if it is a book @MONTH1 only briefly mentions a certain bacterium or species. There are more extensive articles on the internet, so it's easier to find information on any topic. By doing research, and spending less time understanding, people can spend more time enjoying the day, like playing outside, rather than stressing about finding books on their subject in the library. This is a big reason why computers should not be seen as having a negative impact on society. All in all, computers have a positive impact on society because they help in writing papers, they are a social tool, and they are a great help in research. Where would we be if we had to write everything by hand? Think how many friends and even relationships we would have without social networking sites. How long does @CAPS3 take to research after two clicks? Computers have made our lives better, and we should be grateful for everything that has been done for us.
Dear local paper, I am writing to you today to express my feelings about how computers affect human beings. Computers have a huge impact on people. Computers can make people gain weight, cost issues, and you can't pay your bills. We all know that we all gain weight at some point in our lives, and we can lose weight. But if you work six hours a day at your computer, you don't have time to cook a real meal. So what do you do, you eat a lot of junk food. Do you really want to be the reason someone is overweight? Imagine yourself staring at a bright computer screen for six hours straight. Do you think your eyes will get better? I disagree. When I actually tried it, I couldn't even open my eyes, and I'm sure you can't say your eyes are good when you're looking at a bright screen in the dark. Can you see yourself quitting your job because you said you were going to work from home? But you didn't do your job, and got fired, now how are you going to pay your bills without money? Once your power goes out, you don't have to do anything because you're fired all because of your computer. How are you going to live your life now? Yes, it is like that. I want to thank you for taking your time. Three reasons I hope you agree with me, you can gain weight, eye problems and how will you pay your bills?
You are a @NUM1 visitor, click here to claim your prize! It's a normal thing, there will be @CAPS4 on the computer and they will give you viruses and people can get your personal information. This is one of the reasons why computers are bad. On top of that, @DATE1, "@CAPS1 @DATE1 computers have more than @NUM2 kids kidnapped every day!" @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @DATE1 says Missing Children Agency. They were captivated by the @CAPS1 kids in the @CAPS6 room and got themselves into trouble. On the other hand, we are very reliant on computers, which is not good for us. "@CAPS4 Up advertising causes a lot of problems," @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS2 @CAPS5 said. More than @PERCENT1 @DATE1 people in the world own a computer. This is a global poll from @DATE1. More than @PERCENT2 @DATE1 That's the child. When kids are on the computer, they always click on the @CAPS4 up ad. These ads can cause catastrophic problems! People's computers can be infected with viruses, identities can be stolen, and credit card information can be compromised. So you're yelling at your kids as these things happen, but you can't blame them, they just think they're going to get a free xbox @NUM3. Now that I've told you about @CAPS4 ups, let me tell you about the chat. Chatting on a computer is just a bomb waiting to be detonated. "@CAPS6 rooms are the main reason. Now that I've told you about chats, let me tell you how people rely on them. Instead of @DATE1 looking up a book, read it! Everyone thinks computers are Answers to every question @PERCENT3 @DATE1 Stuff on the internet is fake, Technology @CAPS7 is a magazine dealing with the technical shortcomings of @DATE1. I remember when I needed to know if my flight to @LOCATION1 was cancelled , so I googled it. The website I went to said it was canceled, but then I called the airport just to make sure they said it was on schedule! Instead @DATE1 an email just sent a Letter! Do you want your kids to force @CAPS1 fo @CAPS6 room? @DATE1 Of course not, do you want to miss your vacation flight? No I don't think so, computers are terrible and used a lot. No one wants them Identity theft of @CAPS1 @DATE1 some @CAPS4 up ads. We need to do more on ourselves and stop relying on computers to do everything for us!
Dear local paper, I believe that computers have a positive effect on people. It teaches hand-eye coordination, enables people to understand distant places and people, and even allows people to converse with other people online. The computer is one of the best technological inventions to benefit society. First, the computer teaches hand-eye coordination. For example, if you're in a rush to type out an amazing long essay, you won't have time to keep reviewing your paper, keyboard, and screen. So you need to know where these handy dude keys are. But if you don't know anything about computers, that's where the useful keys are. Second, people will be able to learn about distant places. If someone wants to have a nice, relaxing vacation/honeymoon with their beautiful wife, they need to know the weather forecast so they know what clothes to bring and how much they need to bring to visit all the luscious, freshest restaurants, The hottest shop in this populous city. No doubt I'd love to go on vacation, but if it's going to cost a fortune, I might have to reconsider this fantastic trip. Finally, you can chat with other people online. On cold days you can't go out or call them because you don't have a phone, as long as you have an @NUM1 and the only email address no one else has, you can give them on myspace or facebook Call up. Now is the time to make a decision! Do computers have a positive or negative impact on people? In my opinion, computers are good for society and we should continue to use them because they teach hand-eye coordination and give people the ability to understand distant places and people. Most importantly, you will be able to chat with your friends and family online. It's certainly a great form of technology that people should have.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1 readers, @CAPS1! Ah, I love the sound of my computer ringing when I wake up. Such a wonderful sound. Some people feel the need to disagree and say computers are bad for people. However, I think the computer is an amazing invention. @CAPS2 will help improve hand-eye coordination, you can look up anything in the world, you can even meet new people and keep in touch with friends from afar. The world is just a click away! What's this? Do you need to write a dissertation on how to play baseball and improve your pitching skills? Don't worry, you can type that sheet of paper on your computer! This is one of the many benefits of owning a computer. @CAPS2 a paper is much faster than writing @CAPS3 by hand. Research shows that @CAPS2 writes a paper faster than @CAPS3 writes @PERCENT1. Even @PERSON1, the most avid handwriting enthusiast, said "@CAPS2 is so much easier than writing! I typed all my books in the correct handwriting." @CAPS3 is officially said that most handwriting enthusiasts are switching to @CAPS2 to get Better hand-eye coordination. If @CAPS3 is used by people who oppose @CAPS3, @CAPS3 must be great! Suppose you're working on a project about pandas and you don't know anything about them. What do you do? Search @CAPS3 on @CAPS4.com of course! @CAPS4.com is informative with tons of links on any topic. I remember one time I was going to write a big report, but I didn't know anything about the subject. So what solved my problem? @CAPS4! @CAPS3 has proven that @PERCENT2's information on @CAPS4 is true. Do you know what else is on your computer that can help you get information? Almost any domain name on the web. Just type what you're looking for, add .com and @CAPS5 at the end! All the information you might need. Well, what else can a computer do? I know. A friend you moved away, you can message her and get back in touch. Or, if you don't like friends who moved away, you can meet new friends. For example, @LOCATION1 is a vision for people looking for romantic relationships. So maybe you don't like computers. Oh well, I can only tell you, you missed a lot. Excellent hand-eye coordination, great information, colorful people like I said, the world is just a click away!
Dear reader, a lot of people use computers, but not many think that @CAPS4 is good for society. Well, I @CAPS5! I think it's because the internet helps you connect with the people you're looking for. The internet also gives you the advantage of shopping online. If you don't have an @CAPS1 system, you can get directions online. If you read more, you'll see why I stand by these details. Have you heard of @CAPS2 or @CAPS3? If you don't already have @CAPS4's social network, @CAPS4 can help you connect, chat and find the people you're looking for. I have one @CAPS2 and one @CAPS3 and they are fine. They are actually quite fun. You can play games, take quizzes, and chat with friends. @CAPS4 is a great way to find someone you know in another town or even. This is one of the reasons why computers are such a good source. If for any reason you can't drive to the store or you need to go somewhere to buy something, you can shop online and buy @CAPS4! You just enter the address of the site and see all the stuff they have, then click on what you want and buy @CAPS4! They even have online grocery shopping. So next time you're really upset that you can't go shopping, go shopping online. "It may take a while for @CAPS4 to receive your purchases, @CAPS4 is worth the wait." @CAPS5 Do you have a @CAPS1 system? Well, if you don't, don't worry! You can go online to sites such as www.mapquest.com. @CAPS5 All you have to do is enter the address where you start, then the address where you're going. Then you can print out the directions so you don't get lost! That's definitely an advantage! So don't you think that computers are a clear advantage for almost everyone? Well, I @CAPS5! You can use @CAPS4 to find the people you need to find. You can shop online and get directions easily in less than five minutes! Almost everyone should use a computer.
Dear Newspaper, @CAPS1 Did you know that two-thirds of @CAPS2 own a computer? Computers are a very useful tool that can benefit everyone in society. They allow people to communicate with each other, learn and teach hand-eye coordination and other things that are good for the school. Computers are a very useful and beneficial part of society. Advances in technology have upgraded computers and now people can communicate through them. For example, new webcams allow people to actually see and talk to each other from your computer screen. This allows people to talk to each other and stay connected no matter how far they are. Through my webcam, I can keep in touch with @LOCATION1's cousin. Another method of communication is via email. Through the Internet, people can enter information back and forth. Allowing people to talk and communicate with each other is very fast and easy. In addition to webcams and email computers, people can also visit communication sites such as @CAPS3 (instant messaging) or @CAPS4. People on these sites send messages back and forth very quickly and easily. It's not hard, like writing a letter so people can communicate more effectively and easily. Computers together with @CAPS6 are very helpful for communication. Computers are an advancement that can help people learn more about anything. For example, they can learn about foreign compliments. All they have to do is go online, type in the purpose of @CAPS5, and it will appear on the screen. It will let people know about places around the world. Also, people can see pictures on the computer. For example, if someone wants to go on vacation far away, they can type in the place and see what it looks like. But computers don't just show places. People can also see animals, other people, environments, and anything else they want to know. Plus, with the creation of the new website, people can actually see what the Earth looks like from space. They can see houses, wonders of the world, and more computers give people the opportunity to learn more. @CAPS6 more will help people, especially students, get a better education. If you ask anyone at school, they will tell you that computers are a very useful tool. First, it allows them to type. Students can type projects or papers on the computer faster and easier. It will also look neater and more organized. In addition, computers teach students hand-eye coordination. By typing or even just clicking the mouse, students are improving their coordination skills. This is because when they are fast on the screen with @CAPS5 and typing or clicking, they have a sense of direction and know what to hit or where to put their hands, not even @CAPS5. Finally, computers can help students because if they need help, they can ask one of their friends through the computer. Students will better understand what their @CAPS6 is about, and when they go to school, they already know it. Therefore, computers will lead to better grades for students. Computers play an important role in today's society. They are a way of communicating, @CAPS6, that allows students to do better in school. In general, computers are very useful tools in our society.
Dear newspaper editor, @CAPS1 Do you have a computer at home? @CAPS1 Do you use facebook, @CAPS2 or any other type of social networking site? Well, if you're like most of the respected, caring @CAPS3s in this country, you probably answered yes to both of these questions; and you probably also think that computers teach hand-eye coordination A great tool for , and a great way to chat with other people online. Not only that, but you should also notice the enormous potential of computers in showing us far-flung lands and cultures. What can we @CAPS1 do without hand-eye coordination? There is nothing we can @CAPS1. You can't even get out and enjoy a quiet game of tennis, baseball, or even Without hand-eye coordination, you can't even pick up things because your hands don't go where your eyes are looking. While computers aren't the only way to learn hand-eye coordination, it's still an important strategy with little effort. If you are a social butterfly and enjoy talking to other people, you must have a computer! Computers, cell phones, PDAs, they're all the same, and that's because they're all the same form of computer. Come to think of it, our country would be nothing without these spectacular devices. These computers helped to industrialize and develop our nation's superpower. Can you imagine having to drive to people's houses just to talk to them? These machines convey our messages and vices to people who can travel across the world in seconds. They are major innovations in technology. Imagine having a college paper or work assignment tomorrow and your handwriting is messy. You can't do it in time and make it legible; worse, if you don't, you'll be fired or fired. But here comes your savior! With the click of a few buttons, computers can improve people's handwriting, speed and research. With computers, they no longer need to spend long hours of tedious handwriting or flipping through books in the library. What would we be without this wonderful invention? It's time for you to decide, @CAPS1 Do you like this invention that saves time and teaches you can socialize, or would you rather go back to the stone age?
Dear newspaper @CAPS1, the computer is a great invention we have made. Some people worry about people spending too much time on the computer and hanging out with your friends and family. Wait I agree too, but spending time on your computer is actually a good thing. This can be a good thing because you can learn something new every minute, you can also interact with your friends on it, and finally you can do things while hanging out and exercising with your friends. You can learn something new every minute you spend on your computer! For example, let's say you're playing a game at a gaming attraction and an ad pops up. It will most likely give you an idea of the ad you're watching. Research also shows that every time you use your computer for at least @NUM1 minutes, you can learn something new. They can even communicate via internet/computer. This way you can arrange. I know spending too much time on a computer isn't all that good, but those are just its benefits, so think about it.
Dear @CAPS1, I believe computers are good and bad for people. Although I think it affects people in two ways, I think it works better, and I think it's because the internet gives people the opportunity to learn more about other places. Allowing people to talk to family members who live far away also helps make new friends. I support the advancement of technology. I support it because people can talk to their families without them being able to see. I have three cousins who live in @LOCATION1 I've never met, but with a computer I can talk to them all the time. We can chat with each other via email and @CAPS2 to find out what they've been up to, how school is going, and more. My aunts love to send and get pictures of them to see how much they've changed since we last saw them. We wouldn't be able to do this without new technology. Computers also help to understand other countries and the people who live there. Through the internet, you can find out what the country looks like, what type of food they eat, what type of language they speak, and more. Recently I had to do a project on the place of @LOCATION2 in @CAPS3 @CAPS4. With the help of my computer, I got @LOCATION4, @LOCATION3 and I found out more about this country I never knew. There are so many great places to visit and learn about the history of @LOCATION4. Knowing so much about this place makes me want to go there one day. I would never have known so much about that place without a computer. Another benefit of new technology is that we can make new friends and talk to different types of people from all over the world. I recently read in @CAPS5 @CAPS6 that at least @PERCENT1 kids have a myspace or facebook that helps them interact with people from all over the world. There can also be dangers in talking to people you've never met. To be on the safe side, don't tell anyone your phone number or where you live. But meeting new people can also be a good thing. For example, my cousin didn't get along well with the people she went to school with. But after school, she uses the computer to talk to people like her. Either way, she should be careful. Finally, I have to say again that I support the advancement of technology to a certain extent. Computers can help you talk to your invisible family members, help you learn about new countries, and meet new people. thank you for your time.
Computers and other devices are good for humans, especially young people like me, because they facilitate communication, keep people's attention, and provide unknown information. In the @CAPS3 letter, I'll explain. Communication is key, and technology is the best and fastest way to use communication. Cell phones certainly offer calling, but they also allow you to text someone. If you're having dinner with friends and you're running late, you can text them a message and they should receive it shortly. Email allows you to do the same things as text, but you can write longer messages. Something really good for communication is video chat. If you have a relative you haven't seen in a long time, you can video chat and they can see you and you can see them. It's like a person talking to each other. Keeping one's attention is crucial. Technology does this through games, music from @NUM1, computers, gaming systems and the latest ways, iPods and instructions on how to do something. Of course a teacher or parent can do this, but it's more exciting to see or see the instructions on a computer, which brings me back to @CAPS3 keeping people focused. Tech devices are more exciting than teachers and parents, but can they offer more? Information is probably the most common reason for using technology. If a child has a school program, they either use the computer or ask their parents. If a parent doesn't know the question their child just asked, they'll say, "@CAPS1 on the computer" if you haven't already done so. So in a way humans rely on technology, and we do in fact rely on technology. Computers, cell phones, iPods, gaming systems, etc. all include what I would like to call the internet. The internet has been around for a while, from extremely slow to high-speed, and it's a magical place. It can give you directions, recipes, job opportunities, store locations, movie showtimes, and more. Although technology is used in everyday life from communicating to searching for information, it can slowly bring us down as humans. I mean most of us spend most of our time @CAPS2 or @CAPS3 @CAPS4 while we should be walking around exercising, looking at trees and birds, and having face-to-face with family. So computers and other things are fine, but worth getting fat or losing touch with loved ones.
Dear newspaper, @CAPS1 technology has grown exponentially over the past few years. In particular, the use of computers has skyrocketed. However, I believe this is not something to be excited about. Constant computer use affects people's health, family and friends, and their appreciation of nature. Overuse of computers is a big problem. Have you ever sat in front of a computer screen for hours on end? If so, you know how sleepy and irritable it feels. Lack of exercise while using a computer affects people more than they realize. Excessive computer use has been linked to obesity and high blood pressure. The more people use computers, the higher their blood pressure. Just sitting in front of a screen is scary to people's bodies. To stay healthy, use your computer only when absolutely necessary. Going on it all the time will separate you from others. This generation, especially teens, uses computers more to communicate with others than to actually talk to them. Communicating only through computers will socially distance them from people. Not to mention how fast rumors and secrets spread on the internet. Using a computer can even damage relationships with family members. Neglecting family members all the time on the computer can separate people. Family can be an unimportant thing. People can't pay attention to their families when they're sucked into a computer screen. Computers are creating fake substitutes for almost everything, even nature. Humans started living in the wild, gathering food from the land and giving back by planting trees. Our connection with nature is very strong. We need it to thrive. These days, however, instead of listening to the sound of rain and the crumpling of dead leaves, people prefer high-pitched artificial beeps and the classic "you have mail." People don't appreciate nature as much as they used to. The beauty of nature is ignored as if nothing special. Well, we can't live without it. Without anything to thrive, life cannot exist. We can hop on our computers and see pictures of nature on @ORGANIZATION1. com, or we can pick up our shoes and see for ourselves. No one can experience the greatness of nature on a computer. No one gets to experience the cool lake water sliding over the skin or the hot @DATE1 days when emailing a friend. This is impossible. Computers rob us of our ability to experience living things. In short, computers are scary to people. They affect health, friends and family, and appreciation of nature. We must use computers only when necessary to stay healthy. Instead of going online, go out.
I support technological progress because in the future. Our world will be run by computers, people can learn about places and people they can never really see, and in the end, this helps connect people with other people without having to talk to them directly. Have you ever thought about the future, I know I have, usually when you think about the future you think about nobody and a lot of automation. The truth is that the world is becoming a purely technological run, and as we people get smarter, technology is getting smarter, and if we all don't know how to use simple technology like computers, what will the future hold? What about the benefits? So how would we use something more complex? Believe it or not, our world in NUM1 years will be all running on computers, you don't have to execute antihgs, but you can use them. Without computers, how would we know everything we know now. How would people know that Egypt looked like @NUM2 a year ago? They're not there, they can look it up on the computer and how they have to look at it as they go there. Also, computers enable you to learn about people who lived before your time. What president, what are you on, but how can you find behind the computer you can go to the library, just in today's society there will be computers. How will our average be due to the information computers give us. I can see some experts worrying about this, but, for some, it's the only correction to their Emily and friends, if there is a family living in a different country, let's say he or she wants to Talk to you, how would you plan to do this? I know I'll try to get in touch with them on my computer. I love my friends who live out of state and I love talking to them so if we don't have a computer like ours. These experts say we'll be driving across the country to talk to them, if you ask me, htat is tire consuming and pointless. Finally, I hope you agree with me about making technology important in our lives because in the future people can learn about places and people and communicate with friends and family, although I can understand your point kids Not getting enough exercise Most kids computers are also involved in sports.
Dear @CAPS1 -in-@CAPS2, Computers are very useful tools in today's society and culture. They build cognitive skills and provide a great deal of knowledge. I want you to understand all the benefits that computers have to offer. First, computers have enhanced our hand-eye coordination. While typing, we look at the screen, and when we type with our hands, it becomes almost second nature after a while, proving that it helps improve this cognitive skill. Having good hand-eye coordination is a key part of driving and a key part of many of the other tracks we perform throughout the day. Also, you have to take into account the almost unlimited amount of knowledge available on this tool. You can learn anything on the internet, and most of it is completely free. In fact, on sites like @CAPS3 alone, you can find a page dedicated to just about anything. Contrary to counterarguments, computers can actually help our social lives. With instant messengers like @CAPS4 and @ORGANIZATION1, you can chat with people all over the world in real time. Social networks like @CAPS5 allow you to keep your friends informed about what you're doing. Please consider my letter and publish it in your editorial. I believe that computers can help us improve cognitive skills, learning and social skills. thank you for your time.
Dear @CAPS1 of @ORGANIZATION1, Some say computers are a negative contributor to society. In @CAPS3's opinion, computers have a positive impact on the world around us. I believe @CAPS4 gives people hand-eye coordination and organization. Not only that, but people are interacting with others. If you don't believe me now, read the @CAPS3 details, you'll feel the same way I did. When you think about @CAPS4, the computer gave us hand-eye coordination. You can't use a computer without typing. Whether you're just entering a short password or @NUM1 pages of articles you have to type, @CAPS4 lets you move better as you type. This can help you get moving when you're out and about. Now that computers are so popular, I think typing or using a computer will be in @CAPS2 in the future. This could be hand-eye coordination @CAPS4 to @CAPS3 The theory is what you think, what you type. In addition to hand-eye coordination, computers also provide organization, which is a big problem in life today. Do you have a picture file of laying out the house? Well, no need. With a computer, you can store all your files neatly. How you can bark that easy-to-find stuff becomes all things. Even the doctor is the computer that your medical needs and gives time to. Computers can give organizations. Also, the computer continues to help the store say keep friends I can talk to friends or family from afar. @CAPS4 brings us together, I'm not saying @CAPS4 is always a good thing because we all need face-to-face interaction. Although it's a great way to talk when you can't get it. All in all, computers have had a positive impact on our lives. We're able to do hand-eye coordination and stay organized when @CAPS4 might be in trouble @CAPS4 can bring people together when they're not around. You can learn about new things, such as people and places from afar. Although the people at @MONTH1 think I'm the opposite, I know that computers are good for society.
Dear Editor of @ORGANIZATION1 I am writing this to you @CAPS4 I donâ€™t think people are getting enough exercise @CAPS4 they spend a lot of time on their computer they are going to the website here is something I want you to write about So people can know with @MONTH1. My first reason is why @CAPS4 so many people spend so much time on the computer they don't get that they can't walk. They sat down and wanted to message their friends on @CAPS1 day. Don't worry they put @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 A on @CAPS4 of @CAPS2. @CAPS4 It can @CAPS5 do what @CAPS6 you can't do @CAPS15. m @CAPS7 Reasons @CAPS8 @CAPS9 site for ethical kids @CAPS10 @CAPS11 they shouldnâ€™t see when kids have free stuff @CAPS12 computer spending let me @CAPS11 this can @CAPS10 @CAPS11 @CAPS14 site, guns , @CAPS15 can make them @MONTH1 really hurt someone or even their own thing. Kids trying to learn @CAPS15 people talk like @CAPS16 site what they can't & what they can see is @NUM1 on @CAPS16 @CAPS18. My third reason is that chat sites get noticed where they will @ORGANIZATION1 something they don't think @NUM2 year olds are doing with stuff written here, please monitor them as much as possible to prevent this from happening.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 A world without computers. I imagined it as a better place. Why don't you want to make the world a better place. Computers @MONTH1 are great for work and business, but younger kids are losing time to exercise, enjoy nature, and interact with family and friends. Do you prefer having a computer or no computer? In my opinion, people are better off without them. Lack of movement has been brought up countless times in society. Computers are a factor to blame for @LOCATION1, which has become one of the fattest nations in the world, and they want to join the scourge. If the number of computers per household increases, so does the number of obese people in @LOCATION2. If computers take away exercise, health problems will be more frequent and younger. Dr @PERSON1 says "if kids spend more of their free time on the computer instead of increasing their risk of diabetes" @CAPS3 This could also lead to less physical activity. The elderly will be the main targets of heart attacks. It is said that five out of six people could have prevented a heart attack by going to the gym or going for a walk at the same time of day. No one should lose their workouts by playing virtual games and instant messaging on the internet. Fewer and fewer people enjoy nature in front of a computer all day. Global warming wouldn't be a problem if more people cared about nature. In my opinion, the citizens of @LOCATION2 would want it to be cleaner and more caring for them. More people care and enjoy nature, and wild animals will be taken away from animals. People will end what some people and companies do to nature. Finally, when you use your computer all day, you don't realize that nature has to provide fresh air and animals. Or the endless canyons need to enjoy nature more and computers shouldn't be in their way. Wouldn't most people feel like their bonds with family and friends would be stronger if they interacted with them and spent time interacting with them instead of their computers? @CAPS2 How much dinner conversations and family gatherings could improve if people were closer to their families. Plus, people need families. If you lose a loved one, your computer won't get you through the emotional pain. People at @PERCENT1 can get through difficult and stressful times with their families. Last but not least, your social life will improve if people are away from their computers all day. Not interacting with people can make you anti-social and not fun. Nobody wants to be like that. Also, your computer may not be working all the time, but your family and friends will always be there. The world would be a better place without computers. I think everyone who sits on the computer in their room can change the way they exercise, enjoy nature, and relationships with family and friends, get out of it, and do things that really benefit them. You don't need a computer in your life, but don't represent everyone. The question then is whether we stop using the computers or shut them down permanently.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, Some parents are concerned that their children have been playing on the computer. Now I'm going to talk about the @NUM1 good thing about computers. @NUM1 bad things, @NUM1 things about what you should be doing. A good thing is that you can talk to people. You can talk to your friends online about school or whatever. This is great because if you forget your homework or need help, you can go online and ask them. Another reason is that you can meet @ORGANIZATION1 people. For example @CAPS1 or facebook. When you meet @ORGANIZATION1 people online, they're mostly from a different country you've never heard of, then you just learned something @ORGANIZATION1, and you have one from @ORGANIZATION3, @CAPS2, or @LOCATION1 friend. Another great thing about them is that you can learn @ORGANIZATION1 anything online. It's probably the @ORGANIZATION1 site you've never heard of, and something that can help you in the future. For example @ORGANIZATION2. @ORGANIZATION2 can help you a lot. Now where to talk about @NUM1 bad things computers do. The first bad thing computers do is get you addicted. For example me, I was addicted when I had a computer, but I'm not we got rid of our computer, now I just play with my sisters. The second bad thing is viruses. My grandmother's computer got a virus from a website called @CAPS1. When you have a virus, there is nothing you can do, or you can't find anything for school. Getting a virus is not cool, you have to wait a week or so to get it fixed. The last bad thing is that you never want to spend time with your family. I know some people who do this, and it's not cool if the company comes over and gets off. Since I don't have much time, I'm going to talk about one thing you should do. You should have a certain amount of time on the computer, to have fun and do what you want except on the computer. This is what I think you should do now.
Dear @PERSON1, @CAPS1's name is @PERSON2 and I'm here to give you @CAPS1's opinion on computers. Computers are fun and educational. They have a lot of gaming sites. Such as portaportal, @NUM1.com, they provide safe and fun games for kids under @NUM2. They also have educational websites that can help you get the job done. Like Google. Ask your question.com, these sites have all the information you need for help. They also have @CAPS2, facebook. Yes, I know there are rumors of people making threats over chat. But beyond that, you can chat with friends instead of waiting for mom to hang up. @CAPS2 lets you meet new people without telling them who you are. @CAPS1's point is that computers are safe in different contexts, but also very interesting and educational.
I don't think people should use a computer too much because it makes you want to play on it for a day. yes you can play games on it and talk to other people you use lec see i can understand but other people around you who like to live with you can spend time on the computer all day with family and friends to other Places and then watch them on the computer I mean want to see other people you see on the computer, like chat or webcam on the computer, you might be able to see them in other states and then visit them. Then the people on the computer are always on the computer should leave because never do things is they are always on the computer like @CAPS1 is on the computer @CAPS1 is on it for an hour so I do things with family with friends, but not all the time @CAPS1 like I understand if you work on your computer at work and then get work done at home, but one time you can spend time with family and friends instead of @CAPS4 all the time above. Some people @CAPS4 go home, @CAPS4 keep using the computer, people get lazy because they start getting fat, because they @CAPS4 keep using it, maybe stop to eat, then go back to the computer, and then when they get out of the car when they will all the rank and stuff they don't want to go to @CAPS4 to sleep or like if they have to do it sometimes they get lazy and don't want to do anything at all thats why people should go out more and do things there family and Friends had fun there.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, I did a poll of @NUM1 people where @PERCENT1 agreed that computers have a positive impact on people. Computers can help people converse with distant people, teach people hand-eye coordination, and give people the ability to understand people or places. Using a computer is a great way to keep in touch with someone. For example, my grandparents live in @LOCATION2. Some of the ways I keep in touch with them are email, video chat, and instant messaging. Some of the other benefits of talking to people online are if you're talking to a lot of people at the same time, or if your parents are on the phone. Another benefit of computers is that they are good at teaching people hand-eye coordination. The way to teach this is to type, then click something, @CAPS1 people, look at the keyboard as they type. However, with practice, they will progress to looking at a computer screen while typing. To click on something, you need to move the mouse while still looking at the screen. Believe it or not, this is hand-eye coordination. The last reason computers are good at helping people is that students need to find a place or person to get a school report, they can go to google.com very easily and type in the person or what they are looking for. Another option is to say someone is going on vacation to @LOCATION1 and they don't know anything about it. With just a few clicks, they can go online and get information about @LOCATION1. Finally, let's say someone wants to learn about the fun of @ORGANIZATION2 @ORGANIZATION2: they type @ORGANIZATION2 when they see all the sites, choose the best one, and start reading. In conclusion, for the reasons I said, I definitely think computers have a positive effect on people. People can talk to someone online, computers can teach hand-eye coordination, and finally, people can use the internet to see a person or locate them. This is my take on computers, I hope you agree.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 is @PERSON1 and @CAPS2 is writing to discuss how computers can benefit society. Did you know that @NUM1 of @NUM2 households have at least @NUM3 computers? Then who wouldn't! Computers allow you to learn more because you can do more research, which is faster than going to the library to find stuff, and with tools like @CAPS3 and facebook, you can talk to people you wouldn't normally see. Computers allow you to learn more, thanks to the internet. From the internet, you can use sites like google, @LOCATION1, and @LOCATION2. When you view content on these and many other sites, you gain valuable information that will allow you to be successful in life. For example, if I'm looking for a chocolate chip recipe, I've tried different ways to make it unique, and then sell it, I can imagine life changing with just one click of the computer. Also, if I had to research a topic for the @CAPS1 historical project, I would go into the computer, google, then type in the @CAPS1 topic, and get overwhelmed by getting the information I needed and getting one on the project, which is Computers help you learn more. Computers are so fast that I can make @NUM4 powerpoints with useful information @CAPS6 During my time at the library, find a good book and write enough information to make a powerpoint slide: On Overuse @ People at PERCENT1 turn to computers to find useful information. When I was working on the @CAPS1 social research project @TIME1, I had to find out what the @CAPS4 logo looked like. So, instead of trying to find a book in the library. I just hopped on google, clicked the image, clicked the image and typed the @CAPS4 logo. In seconds @CAPS1 screen is @CAPS6, real and edited images with @CAPS4 logo. The speed at which information can be transferred from the World Wide Web to your computer is astonishing. So, would you rather be stuck in a library looking for information forever, or just enjoy life because you save all the time by using your computer? Have you heard of facebook, myspace, @CAPS3 or twitter? Well, they are both great ways to communicate with people who use computers. When I'm @CAPS3 or facebook, I can talk to people who I may not see all the time and talk to her all the time. Come to think of it, facebook would never have been invented without computers, so I would probably lose touch with a good friend. It's the same when I'm on the computer. I can choose to log in to something called @CAPS3 or email. With this, I can talk to people and get weird emails. This would have happened if the computer had not been invented. So you don't want to make the information easier to research? Find information faster. and talk to friends more easily. Well, let's be @NUM2 of the @NUM2 households with computers and help society by doing your part and get what you need on the computer and enjoy life. Just imagine how much time you save by using your computer.
Do you really think @CAPS1 needs computers to survive? I agree to spend less time on the computer and more time exercising, enjoying nature and interacting with friends. I am doing this because of @CAPS1 and family. @CAPS1 doesn't need a computer @CAPS1 doesn't need a computer @CAPS2 @CAPS1 got lost and don't know where @CAPS1 @CAPS1 got @CAPS3, not @CAPS2 @CAPS1 needs to find something @CAPS1 uses iPod. If some people like to chat with each other, they use cell phones. Suppose you have a class library project available. @PERCENT1 kids love to read. A is a great way to improve your reading. If you don't get the right idea @CAPS2 you read then you can ask your teacher, @CAPS2 now is the time. Such as afternoon or lunch time. One day @CAPS2 I went to class and a project was due and the kid said "I copied all the computer words." That's called a compliment. So some parents don't see the kids there nitpicking. Sometimes the internet is bad for kids. Sometimes you need to take a break and slow down. You can go on a trip to see your family. You can also look at nature. Exercise, hike, swim and cycle. A computer is not a home, it won't make you work out there, it will make you lazy. Now that you've heard why you should stop using your computer, because you have electronics, a library, and a home. You stop now and make a change. There is nothing to loosen.
What do you think about computers? I think computers have a very positive effect on people. All children should have @NUM1. Please note the following recommendations. Computers are a very good thing for children. I teach them life skills like hand-eye coordination, and a lot about technology. Expert @PERSON1 stated that "@PERCENT1's successful complete job involves some kind of interaction with computers, and if they learned these skills at a very young age, they would quickly become experts." Technology is a part of @CAPS1's life today, And it will continue to increase as the years go by. Trying to separate our kids from technology is a hateful idea. As a kid, my sister grew up with a computer, she knew how to use it to the fullest by @NUM2, she collages with amazing computer skills. Today, she works as secretary to the president at a law firm. She got a lot of money. Today she tried to keep me informed about all things tech. If you have kids, you know you just want the best for them now and in the future. People say kids are the future if they don't make it. Computers are a great way for kids of all ages to learn and connect with @NUM1 others and others. We all want our children to be happy. @NUM4 out @NUM5 kids use the internet to research things for @CAPS2 and projects. Child therapist @PERSON2 says "Children who chat with other kids over the internet like facebook, @CAPS3 and myspace usually have more social interactions with other kids. I know you think there's a lot of '@CAPS4' stuff on the internet that doesn't want me The kids can see, instead you can set limits and child limits. And you also don't want your kids to be at risk of obesity due to lack of exercise. So give them time limits. My cousin is on the computer @NUM6 hours a day. They do @CAPS2 and whatever time they're away they chat with their friends. Not all @CAPS4. As you can see the computer can be seen in a very positive way. Take my advice and let your kids Free Internet access. They will be happier, trust me.
Do you like your computer? Is it good for you and those around you? People are saying that computers don't benefit people. I am writing to prove them wrong and to show why computers are good for us. It can help us with things like learning, communication, and even money or financial problems. First of all, learning is a very important thing in life, and computers can help you improve your one-hand eye coordination. It is also very helpful in different sports such as tennis, golf, and hackney. You learn this skill when you use a computer. For example, last time @DATE1 I went to tennis with my mom and she was never on the computer. She missed every ball thrown at her. With computers all over the world, using a computer can open up your world. You can see places like @LOCATION1, @LOCATION2 and even @LOCATION3. Overall, has the fewest computers in the world. Finally, computers allow you to learn to type. In the US, some jobs are for you to type. If you can type, then you are doing well. If you get a good job, then you can be successful in life. Computers are definitely good for your studies. Second, when. Computers let you meet new people. One, when you go to school, spend more time with other students. The computer makes you speak correctly. According to facebook magazine, all students at @PERCENT1 chat at school and chat with others online. Second, for example, a computer can also help you communicate with your family. If your she is hurt, you can email that grandma is hurt. Computers can also be your family. Finally, computers are halfway through life. A child with cancer, for example, even needs a checkup. They can allow you to talk to this type of person. Computers are very helpful in social life. Finally, a computer can help you. It was really hard to find a job in that economy. So computers can help your website online get you a place that actually offers you a job.
Dear @ORGANIZATION2, Computers are destroying modern youth. The rapid development of technology is not a good thing. Popular social networks like facebook and twitter put teens at risk from @CAPS1-@CAPS2 and child predators. Children also become addicted to computers and take a physical toll on it. While we are becoming a smarter species, we are destroying the species that will soon lead the world. This crazy calculation must end! While children are able to use computers for social activities, they are at risk of physical and emotional harm. "I really want to ignore all the cruel comments people post about me. I try my best, but every time I log into Facebook and see what people are saying about me, I die inside. I hardly want to live. " This quote is from @PERSON1, a former student of @ORGANIZATION1. He is a victim of @CAPS1-@CAPS2. Thousands of students are as badly affected as @PERSON1, if not worse. Modern technology facilitates social networking of harvest cases like @PERSON1's. If the rapid growth of this technology continues, then we will see more of these cases. Over the past year, @NUM1 @CAPS1-bully victims have committed suicide. These are @NUM1 lives that could be saved; @NUM1 families that can still be together. This computer madness is losing lives and we can't let this continue. Computers can pose not only emotional dangers, but physical dangers as well. Teens spend an average of one to four hours on the computer â€” making an hour of exercise seem trivial. A large number of obese children are largely caused by computers. Many of the computer's features, such as instant messaging, music playback, and games, appeal to children -- allowing them to spend time in front of the computer exercising. Statistics show that the average obese child spends @PERCENT1's free time on the computer. They spend only 5% of their day exercising and playing. On @DATE1, the kids spent @PERCENT2 their day in front of the computer and @PERCENT3 outside. Over the past @NUM4 years, these numbers have been declining due to technological advancements. These figures prove that computers determine the day of obese children, making them worse off. Computers are the main culprit in our world's weight problems. As I close this letter, I can only hope that I can convince you to stand up for this technological advancement. In short, the computer is collecting @CAPS1-@CAPS2 that cause emotional discomfort. They also determine when, as a result, the child becomes obese. We have to take a stand and change the statistics. Computers are ruining lives.
Dear reader, @CAPS1 What if I told you that every time you sit in front of your computer, you are closer to death? @CAPS1 What if I said computers are destroying your life? This @MONTH1 is not that shocking, but it is. You can't disagree. I don't think humans should use computers, or at least rarely use them. Computers make people less active, they kill brain cells, and they can ruin your lifestyle. You @MONTH1 believe that computers have damaged your life, but the consequences are still there. Many @CAPS2s today are fat and lazy. They don't get any exercise. There are many reasons for this, but a big one is because they sit in front of the computer all day! The computer @MONTH1 can improve reflexes etc, but you can also do it with exercise! When you sit in front of the computer, it will make you intoxicated. Ten minutes instantly turned into an hour! That's one less hour of exercise. Virtual sports @MONTH1 are fun, but they take you away from real sports. Without exercise, a @MONTH1 can become obese, develop diabetes or heart disease, and even develop muscle problems. These can be dangerous, even deadly. Computers don't exercise your body, and they don't exercise your mind! Now, this fact brings me to my next point. @MONTH1's computer has information to teach you, but this style of learning has consequences. When you sit in front of a computer, your eyes are fixed on the screen. Now, scientists at the @ORGANIZATION1 Foundation have discovered that staring at a screen kills brain cells. Basically, these cells don't regenerate as easily as other cells, and sometimes they don't regenerate at all. You are one step away from death. I'm sure you don't want to die. Try opening a book! They are cheaper, more accurate, and don't kill your cells! Don't stare at the computer screen because you are slowly destroying your body and knowledge can be gained elsewhere. As a final note, I would say that computers will only ruin your way of life. Virtual people are not your real friends and family. Computers keep you away from them. Online interaction is more than just talking to someone face-to-face or over the phone. You may lose true friends. Plus, computers run your life because half of what you think you're learning isn't real. You cannot trust certain websites or certain people. It's more beneficial to be with people you know and love because the computer pulls you in and you're taken out of the real world. I think we should all be against computers. They take away exercise, cause brain cells to die and other problems, and they can ruin your lifestyle. No one wants to be a lonely joke! Read a book, go out for a day; but stay away from the dead screen. There are better options. Take a stand, better do @CAPS1. Be a healthy and happy person and put down those computers so you can live your best life!
Dear local newspaper editor In my opinion, computers have a positive effect on people. I support technological progress. I believe @CAPS1 is a positive thing because @CAPS1 teaches hand-eye coordination, enables people to understand distant places and people, and even allows us to chat with others online. In the next article, I will share with you my views and why they are the correct views that everyone believes. First and foremost, hand-eye coordination plays an important role in our lives, and many of us engage in sports. Now sports is not just about being the best @CAPS1 it is about being better and doing your best. Movement takes a lot of practice, and while I bet you don't know @CAPS1, these games can help you develop hand-eye coordination. Defeating these monsters etc will really help you in your movement. Catching and throwing is a big part of a lot of sports, it's hand eye coordination, where do you think you get @CAPS1 from practice and computer games. So the next time you're playing some games on the computer, it's like practicing sports and will help you develop the hand-eye coordination you need to be successful in sports. Second, @CAPS2 supports computer use because @CAPS1 gives us the opportunity to learn about places and people from all over the world. Think @CAPS1 before the computer, if you want to know something you may need to find a book that tells you @CAPS1, @CAPS1 is acceptable, now you type what you want to know or google and find your answer. This ability to quickly find what you need gives you more freedom to study and spend your precious time doing other things you want to do and then find and read the right book. As you can see, it's an ability that can be of great help when you need to know something quickly. So help yourself, use a computer to make life easier. Third, computers are a form of communication, they allow you to talk to those around you when you can and usually can. It's a great way to stay connected as people move, travel, vacation, or even meet new people. Let's say you can reach someone because the phone is off and it's important to talk to them, you can email them, or if you're online and have @CAPS3.M. You can @CAPS2 (instant message) them. This saves you the trouble of calling him all the time. Also, if you want to know what they are doing or where they are, you can see them through our network, not just talk to them. As this paragraph shows, the Internet and computers are more open than ever. As I wrote above, I didn't even show the goodness of computers. The reasons why I think computers are more positive and more negative are as follows: They help us learn things we couldn't learn before, communicate with others, and help us develop hand-eye coordination. I can only hope that when I wrote my conclusions, "My opinion was heard, and this letter helped everyone understand why computers are a great thing, not a bad thing.
Dear @PERSON2 "@CAPS1, @CAPS1" If you walk into an office, our local library, a doctor's office, or even our district school, I'm sure you've all heard a mouse or people typing. The reality is that computers and the World Wide Web are everywhere. Without computers, how would @CAPS3 access our emails, interact with families across the ocean, and complete research papers assigned to us by teachers? In my opinion, computers have an amazing impact on people and their lives. Computers help develop hand-eye coordination, understand specific topics, and interact with people on computers. So with such a positive impact, @CAPS3 should continue to use this great technology and do our job. Have you ever walked into a school lab or into an office building only to hear the click of a mouse or a key on a keyboard? Well, not only is a job done, but you're exercising. I remember my class was assigned a five-page paper last month. After reading the second page, my hands hurt so much, @CAPS4, I'm not only finishing my dissertation, I'm exercising my hands. Not only does a computer allow you to exercise, it also helps develop hand-eye coordination. Have you ever played a game where you had to make a fist, or a quick game of pinball? Well, these games require a key thing, my hand-eye coordination. Computers are very useful in today's world. Computers and the World Wide Web are also useful in several other ways. The internet also allows you to learn about certain topics or events for which you may not have books. My best friend @PERSON1 called me from the train one day. On the phone she was crazy because she was speaking and she didn't know what the @CAPS 5 diabetes stats were. What do you do when you don't have a book on a specific topic? @PERSON3 found all the information she didn't know on her laptop. It's just another way that quick access to a computer can benefit people. "You have mail" I'm sure you've all heard it. In addition to communicating by letter or phone, the Internet provides us with more ways to communicate quickly. What's a quick way to communicate when you need to confirm a meeting place or ask your classmates what assignments have been assigned? Sending instant messages or emails are of course two ways. A computer not only allows you to communicate quickly, but also privately. Your email account and instant messaging account have passwords that only you can access. Four out of five households own a computer for homework, checks, emails and information that happened last week at @LOCATION1. Computers have had a positive impact on many people and their daily needs. In my opinion, computers have been one of the best technologies in history. This amazing technology has helped students, teachers, doctors, police officers and even banking agents to serve and make our communities better. thanks.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 society should have a computer because it can teach you things school or work will never teach you, and it allows you to stay in touch with friends and family that you don't see often. I hope you appreciate my attention to how the @CAPS1 society should own computers. First, we should have computers because they teach us things we may not have learned before. I say this because if you want to know more about @LOCATION1 and school or work doesn't teach you what you want to know, all you have to do is look it up on the internet and you have a chance to find it. @NUM1 Individuals would rather have a computer to look up things than know nothing about something. Next, we should equip the @CAPS1 society with computers because we can connect online with people we haven't talked to. My point is that if you haven't chatted with a friend or family member in a while, you can talk to them online. Also, if they don't have a phone, or if they have a phone but it's far away and you can't make long distance calls over the phone, you can talk to them or email each other, etc. Example says if your phone is 'not working, the only thing that works is your computer, you contact someone. All you have to do is chat with them online. You would rather speak on the phone or computer. In conclusion, @CAPS1 society should have computers because we can learn more about things and we can chat with people. I hope you understand my concerns about having computers in the @CAPS1 society.
Did you know that @PERCENT2 among today's @PERCENT1 kids prefer gaming on the computer over other activities? My take on this topic is that getting kids to do something is more important than sitting at a computer all day. I feel this way because exercise is important, kids tend to get addicted to playing with computers, and if someone's life is more likely to revolve around a computer than they are, they won't be able to live in the "real world". When a child sits in front of a computer all day, they don't get exercise. Today, obesity is a major problem. This may be reduced if people use less computer and exercise more. In addition, it is important to let the children breathe fresh air. When someone is playing on the computer, they don't get the same fresh air as they do outdoors. Finally, people who realize the importance of exercise tend to play sports, stay active, and have fun. Once you start playing games on your computer, there's no going back. In today's society, children of all ages are addicted to computers. Addicted kids don't pay attention to their surroundings. Also, some of these games may not be suitable for younger players. Finally, if a child is addicted, they may perform poorly in school by refusing to do their homework. If a child is constantly on the computer, there is a chance that they are not ready for the "real world." In the "real world", you can't rely on computer games. Also, the game doesn't teach you things you can only learn in school. Later in life, when you want to get a job, you won't be accepted because you won't sound knowledgeable. Finally, when you write your application for college, they look at your sports and activity records in high school. When they don't find anything, they will reject you for your lack of engagement. So when you're sitting in front of your computer screen, remember all the possibilities you have other than your computer. For example, exercising is important to you, playing games on the computer will make you addicted and you won't be ready for the "real world". What is your opinion?
Dear newspaper, @CAPS1, my name is @PERSON1 and I believe computers can negatively affect people. When people are on the computer all day, they spend less time exercising. They face more danger and they spend less time with their families. These are my only reasons why computers don't benefit society. More, the more time you spend on the computer, the less time you spend exercising. With obesity rates on the rise, no one wants to be unable to engage in regular activity. Spend all your time on the computer and you'll only use it to be overweight and unhealthy. It also makes many people feel self-conscious about themselves. If they don't have enough time to exercise and keep eating, they become more self-conscious. The more of it, the more danger to you and your family. There are many places on the Internet where you can meet new people. But how do you know if people are what they look like? If you spend more time on your computer, you will increase your chances of getting your personal information through @PERCENT3 and even giving it away. So why are you taking the risk? Get off that computer! Even if you don't meet on the internet, you'll still be glued to your computer because it's easier to get harassed. I definitely don't want my family to do that. The last reason is the most important to @PERCENT1 of the @LOCATION1 family. If you're spending all this time on your computer, you're going to be out and about in your home. This time is important because you never know when your family will leave! This is a very scary topic. I know most people at @LOCATION1 have been with their families all the time. On the other hand, a survey revealed that @PERCENT2 children who spend time with their families and use less than @NUM1 minutes of computer time outperform @NUM2 in all classes. Don't you want an honorary role at your school? In short, computers have a negative impact on people! Spending most of your time on the computer results in less exercise time, more danger/injury to people, and less time with family. Wouldn't you rather spend less time on your computer? thank you for your time.
I think computers are very useful. There are so many uses! From learning, to games, to videos, to a very useful tool. Without computers, we are like @CAPS1 (@CAPS2 offends any @CAPS1 people). We will have to wait for news papers or news to appear in @CAPS4.V. Good news. Let me explain my reasoning in the next few paragraphs. First, there is a lot to do. You can play online games, offline games, surf the web, chat, match videos, and more. Without the internet, I might have lost interest in @ORGANIZATION1. I am now a member of an online community called www.MOCpages.com where I post my creations, view other creations, comment and chat. I used the internet to re-search for school projects. Now I'm re-searching @CAPS5 @CAPS6 during @CAPS7 @CAPS8. Usually I have to struggle with books to find stuff. It's easier now because the keywords are matched. In the end, it's a good fool. Did you know that the military needs computers to store information, attack, record and fly certain aircraft? I need to type out my homework on the computer because as you can see my handwriting is '@CAPS4 the neatest. Also, I'm in touch with my dad who works at @ORGANIZATION2. I hope I persuaded you of my position. Remember that computers do a lot of things and help us learn, they are a great tool. Thanks for reading, bye!
@MONTH1 people who care, it's funny to a lot of people, but then they become so obsessed that they lose a lot of what they love. My position is that computers hurt people. Money, weight and sleep. My opinion is my opinion, but I will stick to what I have. My father's favorite thing is financial transactions. Have five kids and a laptop that wants to be happy. People sit and stare at computer games all day and the bills keep going up until you lose everything like your house, family, money, etc. But when you're addicted to computers, who cares about them. My favorite is the overweight problem. Yes I agree to sit in the soft and comfy chair with your computer and a few bowls of chips and a few boxes of pizza but sooner or later all the fatty foods will catch up to you when you least expect it but Will you stand up and eat something? Jog, run on the treadmill or take @NUM1 walks. That computer game probably won't run. That Wright will keep coming until you can't move. Sitting @NUM2 will really have your eyes, brain, muscles and other vital body parts for not getting enough sleep and wanting it. I can relate this to my brother's dis. Be is home and he's been busy until @NUM3 or @NUM4 at @TIME1. Eventually he'll get sick and I'm not responsible for that. When you sit in front of your computer, you end up making yourself sick, and in some cases dying if you get up too late. Now as a regular teen I love computers, but one thing I don't do is sit and watch movies or play games every hour of the day. I go out for a run so I don't fall victim to my weight. Financial and physical issues, like the guys at @MONTH1. So don't waste your life on games or chat rooms, get out and do some exercise, or just get some fresh air.
Many people say that computers have helped them in their daily lives. To name a few, you can find out what you don't know by googling. You will get factual reviews about this place. You are exercising your fingers. It helps communicate with other people. It can help you find long-lost family members. It reunites many of the family and friends you may have been looking for. Also has hand-eye coordination. This means you can write/type without having to see what else your computer has on the line. You can view and browse what's available in the store. No need to drive all the way to the store, waste gas, and pollute the air. I.Ms is a way to find what's happening and breaking news around the world. You can still interact with family and friends and meet new people. There's email, instant messaging, and more. So if they don't have an account, you can always interact with them. If you just walk into nature, you don't know what's out there. You can look it up and see what's in the park. That's my take on how computers can help and in many different ways.
Dear local paper, @DATE1 I am writing to you if I think computers are a good idea. Yes, I do think computers are @CAPS12's great idea. I think it's because @CAPS1 @CAPS2 you use your computer for school projects. Next @CAPS2, here's @CAPS12's easy way to make friends in other towns. Finally @CAPS2, you @CAPS10 @CAPS11 @CAPS12 @CAPS13. Yes, electricity bills can be higher, but there's a reason for that. You @CAPS10 don't just assume computers are bad for us, you might be surprised. @CAPS1 @CAPS2 I will explain to you why we need computers for projects. Well, from my personal experience @CAPS5, my social studies teacher always likes you to type in your final draft. Also, using a computer makes your projects easier because @CAPS3 @CAPS4 fixes your bugs and @ORGANIZATION1 finds everything you need. I find it much easier to use a computer for projects and I @CAPS5 all my friends think it is too. If you haven't been convinced, keep reading because I @CAPS5 you will eventually be convinced! Next @CAPS2, I'm going to talk to you about making friends using only computers. I @CAPS5, parents these days are really happy when you come home and make new friends. With just a computer, you can easily surf the web, search for and chat with friends you want to be better @CAPS11 to @CAPS5. (To make sure they are who you think they are!) My friend @PERSON1 came to me the other day to say know my friend @CAPS6 I met online! I'm really happy for her and realize that computers are helpful. Everyone needs a friend to accompany them, and the computer is the perfect ending! Finally @CAPS2, I'll be talking more with you about why and how @CAPS11 @CAPS12 @CAPS13. @CAPS5 Do you know what @ORGANIZATION1 is? You @CAPS10 search @CAPS7 on @ORGANIZATION1! If you really want to @CAPS5 something and you're really curios, you can search on @ORGANIZATION1! This is a great way to get educated by @CAPS11. Also, the computer helps you with @CAPS12 @CAPS13 because every time you enter a random story on @CAPS3 @CAPS4 it will correct your mistakes and you will learn from them. So, to sum up this paragraph, the computer is @CAPS12 the easy way @CAPS11 @CAPS12 the easy @CAPS13, you need to let the computer see for itself. Anyway, I've been asked to write you a paper to see if I'd like to keep the computer. Now you @CAPS5 I think. If you have questions about my reasons, I will simply restate them. @CAPS1, you need a computer for the project. Second, you @CAPS10 make friends. Finally, you @CAPS11 @CAPS12 @CAPS13. All of these are great benefits in life. Don't forget you @CAPS10 @CAPS11 @CAPS12 @CAPS13! This is what everyone wants! I @CAPS5, you will accept and agree. Thank you for listening to me.
Dear @CAPS1, I believe that computers have a positive impact on people. They do this because you can talk to others online, it allows you to complete your research faster, and they are more effective and easier to use, and I'll explain my reasons further. First, computers allow you to chat with others online. Talking to others online can give you good communication skills and you can meet different people. I always chat with my friends online. We use webcams, instant messages or chat on social networking sites like Facebook. Computers and webcams allow you to talk to friends or relatives who have moved away. Second, computers allow you to complete research faster. Research shows that @PERCENT1 people prefer to use a computer to find information on any type of paper than an encyclopedia or other book. Computers are more efficient and easier to use than books. It can agree that computers are more efficient, and I love using them. If you use a computer to complete your research, you may be able to complete your research faster than you know. Finally, computers are more efficient and easier to use. If you were to free a person from a computer or a set of encyclopedias, most people would choose a computer. Computers are easier to use than books. On a commuter car, you just type what you're looking for in the search bar and your search results will appear in a tenth of a second. Now, if you use a book or encyclopedia, it can take a few minutes to find what you're looking for, and then they provide very little information, unlike a computer that can give you millions of results for a single topic computer. This proves that computers are more efficient than books. In conclusion, I believe that computers have a positive effect on people. I do this because you can talk to people online, it allows you to complete your research faster, and computers are more efficient and easier to use. I hope you can agree with me and my views on computers.
I think computers have really had a positive impact on people because they teach hand-eye coordination, they also empower people, and finally they allow people to talk online. First, they teach hand-eye coordination, which I think is great because when people get jobs, they're likely to be more focused and potentially work faster. So if people can do that when they get a job and their job involves working on a computer, it will be easier for them and their job will be more enjoyable. Second, they empower people to learn more because we have all these websites that involve information, so people can have more knowledge, so if they're knowledgeable, they might get a really good job with a good salary high. They can look up anything they like. So if they do a lot of research and go to school, they can get the job they always wanted because they know that knowledgeable people are better people. Finally, when people can connect better, they can talk to people online because if they don't have a phone to reach the person they need to reach, they have a computer and they can see that person via email or using a webcam. I think having a computer is a good thing, for all these reasons having hand-eye coordination enables people to learn more and allows people to talk to other people online.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 is a place where they are on the computer all day every day. I don't think computers are good for society because you spend less time exercising, enjoying nature, and spending less time with family and friends. Computers are not good for society. First, the computer is not good for society because it gives you less and less time to exercise. Don't you want to exercise and lose weight? Other than sitting on your new computer and letting your brain get wrecked by it. According to @PERSON1, @PERCENT1 people who buy a new computer spend NUM1 minutes more time than they normally spend on this computer. Second, you can enjoy nature outdoors. The new @CAPS2 @CAPS3 newspapers say they are concerned that too many people have a good computer that no one will be outside enjoying what nature has left behind. Because sooner or later there will be no trees in the world, and human beings will become extinct forever. Finally, you won't spend any time with family or friends. Like when I was streaming the x-box, I couldn't get rid of it. I'm addicted to it. When my family got our new computer, my sister couldn't get rid of it. She would spend a day and a night on it. Now, if parents take their computers away from their children, they will have more time to exercise, to enjoy nature, and to spend more time with family and friends. Computers are bad for society.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, @CAPS4 Do you think computers have a bad effect on people? I @CAPS4. People are spending a lot of time on @CAPS5. When they need to work on their @CAPS5, they get distracted and start using @CAPS4's own stuff. Others are sitting on their @CAPS5, mad or mad at @CAPS6. When people don't know what @CAPS4 is, they just keep using @CAPS5. You get distracted while working on @CAPS5. I'm sight, people get distracted because they see that little internet button in the corner of their eye. Then they just click on the internet symbol. Then they do their work on the Internet. The internet isn't the only distraction for @CAPS5. These games are @CAPS10 distractions, @PERSON1, @PERSON1, and hearts are games that come up on @CAPS5 People are mad or mad at their @CAPS5 because @CAPS6 doesn't have enough @CAPS6 to delete what they need, or @CAPS6 CAPS6 just won't turn on because it's dead. They blame @CAPS5 for all of this: @CAPS6 @CAPS6 doesn't load fast enough, people might say, "@CAPS7 why are you so slow, I need to get my paper to work!" @CAPS6 @CAPS5 delete paper Guys @MONTH1 go, "@CAPS9 is my saved paper @CAPS6! Are you playing games with me?" But if poor @CAPS5 dies and won't power on, the guys at @MONTH1 go, "You Why turn on your stupid computer" @CAPS10, people are on @CAPS5 all the time. They didn't find the same for @CAPS4 and @CAPS5. I'm not talking about the best idea, the guys in @ORGANIZATION1 have @CAPS5's behavior set. At home, always on their phone. @CAPS5 in @LOCATION1 has become a problem in my opinion, spending a lot of time on @CAPS5 can lead to overweight because you are using @CAPS5 instead of hanging out with friends. In @CAPS11 I believe @CAPS5 has a bad effect on people, they get distracted at work. They blame them for forgetting about @CAPS4. They use them for a lot of these because people can stop going to the gym and being overweight. So @CAPS4 @CAPS5 is bad for people? Yes they @CAPS4.
Do you have a computer at home? Everyone uses a computer similar to friends or projects and @CAPS5 for many different reasons. Computers can be good in many ways, but they can't. Computers can do all @CAPS5 to help us learn. Personally I think the computer is fine. We can learn @CAPS5 from a distance. An example would be if we had a big project about @LOCATION2 in @CAPS1 @CAPS2 and we didn't know the computer could look at all the different foci and look at the pictures. Where computers can make history is not us. I can talk to the sisters about how they shoot with the computer. Answers to the World War @CAPS3 question. She got a @PERCENT1 and we @MONTH1 can also see @LOCATION1 and different places. All you have to do is keep counting and look it up. "Okay, class today, we're going to do some research on the computer," my teacher said. "What are we going to do" @CAPS4. @CAPS5 on @LOCATION1. All this @CAPS5 allows us to work on many other @CAPS5 projects. We can also use a computer. Computers also have different @CAPS5. An example where programs can help us, they let us check information, play games, help us with homework. I just realized that you can do pretty much anything you want on a computer. @CAPS2 shows @PERCENT2 people in @LOCATION1 going to their computer for help. I remember my friend telling me she was always typing her essay because it was for her teacher and typing. So this program is very helpful for us. People are always running on computers and love @CAPS5 savings, where they are. I usually do this so I know when I can get what I want. Well, you should really think about it, those reasons that don't even explain the people in @LOCATION1.
Computers are very useful to people. They can help connect friends and family from all over the world. You may need it to enter essays for school or work, and you can use the internet. If your friends or family move away, a computer is an easy way to connect with them. Phones don't always give you the option to make calls from anywhere in the world. Say your best friend moves out of the country, you can email or instant message them from your computer. If you want to chat with the person next door, even with a blizzard and four feet of snow, a computer is an easy way to connect. When my friend goes to @LOCATION1 for @DATE1, I use IM to chat with her. Imagine you're at work or school and you're asked to write a five-page essay. Do you really want to write it all out? Imagine you, writing hundreds of these newspapers every day. Typing is an easy solution that doesn't require much work and requires less time. Typing also makes work cleaner and easier to read. Even the library doesn't have all the information you need. What if you need to write an article about a newly discovered animal for your newspaper? Libraries won't buy new books about it right away. The internet is the ideal way to get information the moment it happens. What if a celebrity was hit by a bus or rocket in space and just landed successfully? You can't expect to go to the other side of the country to watch and take notes. The Internet provides any possible information. The internet also allows students to attend online schools or courses. When my eldest brother couldn't take @CAPS1 when he needed college in high school, he took the online @CAPS1 class at home. The internet can also help you find vacation spots when you're away from home, what if you need plane tickets, train tickets, boat tickets? What if you need to rent a car but can't get to the store or the airport. You can buy tickets online. Have you ever heard someone say "@CAPS3 it on google" when they don't know the answer to something? I remember my friend telling me about her new dog, I'd never even heard of it. When I got home, I went online and researched it. The Internet is a very useful tool for everyone. Using a computer allows you to talk to anyone, type anything you want, or use the Internet anytime, anywhere. Computers have made life easier and more fun, and will be a handy tool for writing newspapers.
Did you know that the positive effects of computers on people are negative? I believe that the use of computers increases one's knowledge of the distance, that security can be used for communication, that it can make day-to-day work easier and computers have become a tool of society. First, use computers to make Floridians aware of connectivity; or Canadians to understand the world around them. Safety. In a post by @ORGANIZATION1 it was shown that without a computer, @PERCENT1 would not know about the only child dilemma in @LOCATION3. Also, since @LOCATION1 @LOCATION1's crime rate is compiled by @PERCENT2, Americans may not go to @LOCATION1 @LOCATION1, @CAPS1, they must know about it for commercial projects. What are they doing? They venture into computers and everything they need to know about @LOCATION1 from the safety of their home. While people can learn about distant places from the security of their homes, computers can also be used for communication purposes. Computers are great tools for communicating with others. In a study done by @DATE1, computer users of @PERCENT3 owned some kind of social network or instant messaging program. Some of these examples are @CAPS2 and @CAPS3. Being able to connect with people has never been easier. Did you know that every @NUM1 American spends an average of an hour a day online? Has the average IQ really improved over the past @NUM2 years? While online, students can get help from classmates, teachers, and even experts! Computer users can get feedback from papers, support new things, and even boost their self-confidence. Communication is an important use of computers, as is the simplicity of performing everyday tasks online. In today's society, computers can make everyday tasks so easy! When I was a kid, my mom would spend hours shopping for food at the local grocery store. Everything changed when my mom found out about @LOCATION2. It's a safe and easy way to buy groceries online and have them delivered to your door, and @PERCENT4 Americans with computers have paid their taxes online. What used to be a simple click of a button, we don't need to deal with floor errands most of the day, but what we want! Whether exercising or simply enjoying nature. In short, computers are a vital asset to society. They have a variety of uses and functions. They can safely increase one's knowledge of distant places for communication purposes. And make everyday tasks simple. Before this device, it was hard to even think about how we managed it.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 My name is @CAPS3 and I don't know where to start this letter. I am writing you this letter to let you know that I don't think everyone should use a computer. My number one reason why not everyone should use a computer is because they are so distracted by the computer that they forget about school. My second reason not everyone should use a computer is because they @CAPS4 don't spend time with their parents. The third reason I shouldn't let people use the computer a lot is because they get sick. The number one reason why I shouldn't use the computer a lot is because they forget about school. They forget about it, as distracted as writing, chatting, or playing @CAPS4 makes them forget school. @CAPS5 The reason is because their grades are low. They don't do homework either. My second reason is because they don't have parents. Are there more computers so they don't. My third reason is because their computers there get @CAPS4, they don't get @CAPS5, not @CAPS5, they have no computer education. That's why constant computer use is bad, I hope you understand.
@ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 there is a lot of discussion and debate about computers. Some say they help society, some say they don't. As for myself, I'm one of those people who supports computers. I think doing so does more harm than good. First, the user's hand-eye coordination has greatly improved over a period of time, which is helpful for learning the instrument. It also provides people, especially students, with great learning abilities. If there is a computer, students will have to read through the encyclopedia to make a report, which takes a lot more time than looking up directly on the Internet. Finaly computers are great for communicating with friends or family from afar. The first topic on my agenda is hand-eye coordination skills. These skills are the ability to work with both hands and eyes at the same time. These skills can have many effects. The most obvious is the musical instrument. If you want to learn a new song to play with your guitar, you have to move your finger to the note that corresponds to the screen. Another place where hand-eye coordination comes in handy is in movement. One sport where hand-eye coordination has a huge impact is football. If the ball is thrown, the wide receiver must observe the ball with his eyes and make sure his hands are in the best position to catch the ball. I will also discuss the world of learning provided by computers. Suppose someone asked you who was the @NUM1 president of @ORGANIZATION2, where would you find the answer? I don't know about you, but I'll definitely look it up on google (internet search engine). Also, schools @CAPS1 can ask more students because they have all this information there. Finally, I would like to introduce the communication capabilities provided by computers. First, let's say you have a very close friend who moves out of state" how are you going to stay connected. You can try to use the phone, but long distance charges have skyrocketed over the past @NUM2 years. Did you know that if you talk @NUM3 minutes a day, it's a month away Will be more than @NUM4 minutes. In today's economy, you need to save money, not finish. The internet doesn't charge extra to chat no matter how far away from each other. So hopefully my letter will replace "@CAPS2' bama failed The Health Care Act', at least somewhere in the paper. People need to know facts about computers before they try to argue about them."
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 people have computers, @CAPS2 people use computers. I've noticed that the government is concerned about people overusing them. Well, I don't think you can use your computer too much. They provide @CAPS2 stuff like information, communication and life skills. That's not bad. Information is what we humans depend on for survival. Also in @CAPS2 school and work, you need to know all kinds of unusual facts. Where can these be learned? Of course it's a computer! When @PERSON1 (my teacher) gave us a research paper on Walt Disney, we used computers to find our information. Without a computer, I wouldn't know that walt disney died before Disney World opened. This clearly shows one of the @CAPS2 things we need a computer to do. Communication is another aspect of our lives. Using a computer, you can communicate in the @MONEY1 way. Yes, some of these ways can be dangerous, but @CAPS2 is safe. When I was in @NUM1 grade, my teacher ms.casserelle set up a classwide email for us. This allows us to email another school. This online exchange farm is very safe. As long as the people using these forms of communication are semi-responsible, nothing can go wrong. Where did you go wrong? Did you know @PERCENT1 that your life skills can and are learned on a computer? In fact, your job involves computers! One life skill you can learn is how to type. As I said before, research papers need computers, not just for information. You have to enter them too. Most jobs in our world require computers to do something. Can you come up with a job that doesn't require people at all? did not expect. Information, communication and life skills are all important to our humanity. I think computers are important to humans. Whether you admit it or not, everything we do involves computers in some way. Can you spend countless hours on your computer @CAPS2? Yes, but you need to. you need to.
Computers have had a huge impact on society, but can they make everything better? People spend a lot of time on the computer. Computers don't help your brain, they make you fat, and for many people, they cause dramatic changes. People should stop spending too much time on the computer. A computer is not going to help your brain in any possible way. Come to think of it, you must have worked a lot on the computer, but what about your kids, who spend most of their time online doing pointless things. Instead, they may go out and even study. The internet is open to the world, so anyone can go online, and if your kids are on the computer, it exposes a lot of mean things that won't help them in the future. It turns out that the less time you spend watching TV or the computer, the better your grades will be. I remember my mom always yelling at me that she took the computer away for a while because of my bad grades and now my grades are much better. So being on a computer doesn't make you smarter. A computer can let you shed a little weight. If you use your computer a lot, you are sitting around and a lot of people are eating while using your computer. So now you're sitting at your computer eating. This can make you gain weight. I know from experience that being active, going out or exercising really makes you feel good. Once you've gained all that weight, it's hard to get rid of it. Sitting like a sofa is not healthy. You can get fat. So you can say you're happy with your weight, but no one says it's healthy. Many people die from this beak. It puts a huge amount of stress on your life. If you don't want to die from being too heavy, then I suggest you get off your computer, get out there, and live your life. The last thing that makes computers so bad is the drama they cause. The Mose pople has facebook, aim, or @CAPS1, but if you ask anyone who has one of them, they'll likely say they've fought through one of them. Now they also have a new thing called formspring which can make you abnormal and people go on yours and just say horrible things. A friend of mine was a victim of it and it ruined you. They also have a lot of people on facebook lying about who they are, anyone can easily find out who you are and kill you, now people know how to hack into people's computers and get information. As a result, computers are not only unhealthy, but can be fatal. Why would you want these things to happen when you can easily go back to your computer time. Remember computers don't help your brain, they make you fat and cause a lot of drama. So please don't use the computer.
@ORGANIZATION1, the folks at @CAPS1 use the computer @CAPS2 for many different types of things. Computers are very beneficial to society. While the people at @MONTH1 use their computers a lot, the tasks they accomplish help our world run smoothly. In addition, computers allow us to keep in touch with friends and family whom we no longer see, and they can teach us valuable information very quickly. Without computers, society would not function as smoothly as it does now. One way computers benefit our society is that they can complete tasks like writing papers, researching information, etc. faster. For example, if you, @ORGANIZATION1, need to quickly print an article about the devastating earthquake in @LOCATION1 in a newspaper, computers will benefit you greatly as they allow you to type much faster than a handwritten article. Computers are very beneficial to society because they allow us to get things done very quickly and efficiently. Another reason why computers are so beneficial to society is that they allow us to stay in touch with people far away and keep us in touch with old friends and family. Since about @DATE1, the computer has been a huge help and I've stayed halfway across the country. In a recent survey of college graduates by @PERCENT1, a friend whose computers stay in town won't stay in town, but allows you to really see if our society benefits from computers because they are world. The social reason is because they part ways with people very quickly. Search engines like @ORGANIZATION3, @ORGANIZATION4, @CAPS3 let us research whatever we want to know with the click of a button. This ability to understand anything quickly has a huge impact on people, without this knowledge people become wiser and wiser, and with this intelligence they do great things. According to @PERSON1, a computer scientist at @ORGANIZATION2, the knowledge people gain from computer search engines enables them to do better @CAPS2 things and achieve more in their livesâ€. Computers benefit society, and Have a huge impact on people when balancing ours with other important things like exercising and socializing. They can teach us new information quickly, perform tasks quickly and efficiently, and allow us to stay in touch with people all over the world. If Without computers, things would take longer to get done and society would be much worse. We need computers to do @CAPS2 things and do the tasks that life requires.â€
I don't think it's a good idea to spend a lot of time on the computer because @CAPS1 has bad things online. @CAPS1 makes people stupid, @CAPS1 makes people lazy. These are @NUM1 reasons why you shouldn't be on your computer all day. One of the reasons is that computers have bad things like kidnappings online. I've seen a lot of videos and movies about kidnappings and when an older man or woman starts taking some younger kids and they go somewhere to meet, the younger teens or kids never come back. Another reason is that the computer makes you stupid, for example, when I used to be on the computer all day, I would go out to eat, and sometimes I would go to the bathroom to eat, and then I found out that was not kochen @CAPS1 It feels like I just Woke up when I got out of the car. My last reason is that computers make you lazy. Computers make you lazy because you're stuck in a computer all the time, sitting in a chair, no sunlight or exercise @CAPS1 will make you want to be here more and it's not good for your mind and body. Here are 3 reasons why I shouldn't be on the computer, the more you are the more you want to be. So don't stay on the computer because it has bad stuff in it, @CAPS1 will make you lazy. Please don't stay on the computer for a long time.
Dear local newspaper, I think that using a computer can benefit people as well as negatively affect people. The good could be, gaining knowledge, meeting new people, the bad could be, weight gain, lack of social skills to talk to friends on the phone, etc. First, gaining knowledge is very important. I think it's because when your computer crashes or breaks, chances are you know how to fix it. I don't think you'd want to spend money on anti-software that might not work. Another reason I think there are benefits to using a computer is that if you want to be a computer engineer, all the time you spend on a computer can really benefit you later in life. Second, I think computers can help you meet new people from foreign countries and other states. You don't have to meet them in person, you can have a friendly chat online. The third and final reason why computers are sometimes bad for you is weight gain. Most people probably spend so much time on the computer that they don't get enough physical activity. All they do is sit and eat unhealthy snacks, play games and watch videos. It's really bad for your health. My conclusion is that moderate computer use is much better than heavy computer use. It can help you gain knowledge, meet new people or make you gain weight and lack social skills.
Dear editor, @CAPS1 You think it's good for people to spend a lot of time on the computer, I don't know. People should exercise more. They also don't get enough fresh air. In the end, they don't spend enough time with family and friends. Now we have to determine the weather people should spend a lot of time on the computer. Those who spend a lot of time on the computer probably go out and exercise every day. Some parents let their kids indulge in computer games all day instead of going out to exercise. They can ride bikes, scooters, play basketball, waffle. They can also go swimming, exercise and go to the playground. Finally they can take a walk on the beach. People need fresh air, not sitting in front of a computer all day. They can sit on the beach for a while and go outside to watch their kids play or watch games like baseball or basketball, or they can go out just to be outside. They can sit on the porch and wait for the kids to get off the bus after school. Those who like to play with the computer don't spend enough time with family or friends. They can visit family more often and go out to lunch with friends. They can also spend more time doing things with their children. It's a pleasure to talk face to face with your friends, even when chatting on a computer. It's time to decide whether it's a bad thing for people to spend a lot of time on the computer. They don't get enough exercise every day. They also don't get enough fresh air. Finally, they spend time with friends and family. So now you need to write a letter to your local newspaper and tell them which one you choose.
In my opinion computers have a negative impact on people, I think it has a negative impact because it causes people to exercise less, you spend less time with your family and friends, it distracts you from getting things done . First, computers have a negative effect on people because it makes them exercise. For example, there are many football, soccer, and baseball games where they practice those games and they just use the computer all night on the webcam. Another way is that you can get the job done. Without even leaving your house. You can shop online, stay at home, work online, and even go to college, and those things include going out, but now you can just do those things during the day and get lazy. Second, computers make you less interactive with people. Now, be family or friends. I went over, I was seated right, and she didn't even watch me play computer games. I also know more kids because I read in a magazine that @PERCENT1 interacts with their kids as much as they have a computer. In the end, I think computers have a negative effect on them. First, when people are talking to someone on the computer, it distracts the kids, which is very difficult because they are so focused on what they are doing. Second, computers can distract children from their homework. I know this because no matter where I enter my assignments, I get and end up visiting different websites and don't get my work done. Finally, it distracts the kids from chores. Some kids just put them aside and forget to do them because they are playing games or surfing the internet. I know if I do this, I'll be in big trouble. That's why I think computers have a negative impact on people. Because, it causes them to exercise less and they don't interact with people too much, which distracts them. So unless you want all of these things to happen to you, I recommend spending less money on your computer!
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 is about computers in society. They say they let the kids do nothing in there, but they actually help us so much! The internet is a place where you can re-study anything and useful ideas will emerge. @CAPS3, @CAPS5 help us with hand-eye coordination. Finally, computers allow us to stay in touch with people who are far away. Like last year my friend went to Poland and we could chat about computers! So join me at last and help the world know that computers are good! First, I'd like to say that computers are a great source of information. Would you like @CAPS5 if you still had to read grene's scrolls when you could view them online? Don't think about anything, you need to know something quickly, like now your stem is before a big meeting. Then all you have to do is simply type what you want to know and bam! As you know, then go to your meeting. Second, using a mouse and buttons on a computer can improve your hand-eye coordination. Like my parents said, when I type on Esay, @NUM1 words per minute is a good time. @CAPS3, out of @NUM2 kids, they have better hand-eye coordination after playing well on the computer. A lot of times kids have ten coordinations, but I have one if kids things change. On top of that, the computer and I were far away before I kept in touch with my Polish buddy @CAPS3, a lot of people don't have cell phones, so they have @CAPS4, gmail, facebook, my space or twitter. All of these allow us to stay connected and keep us friends for life. It's very important because if we're social, we're going out with friends and doing things, and it's very important to us. In conclusion, @CAPS5 is good for a society where computers are integrated into our lives. @CAPS5 will help us in the future as we will get good grades on the project because of the source. We will do hand-eye coordination with mouse and keyboard. In the end we will have many friends. These are all very important. So keep the computer!
Dear reader, today I introduce you to the impact of computer use. I feel that using a computer has some positive and negative effects. You can talk to people, you can get work done, but if you do it too much, you start to get unhealthy and miss out on other things in life. Looking at computers, there are so many ways to communicate with others, which is an amazing thing. Whether it's through gaming, typing, or real chatting, talking to people is so important, it's much easier than going out and talking to people face-to-face. Take penpals, for example, over the years people have written letters to their penpals but know you can send it in the mail and email doesn't cost any money, just type in your letter and click a button and it's done. Another great thing about a computer is that you can get work done on it. From working for a business to working for a school, it doesn't matter. You put up with people using computers all the time for work. Why do you think there are computer labs in schools or computer desks in offices. Computers have become advanced and the easiest thing to do. Presentations, papers, diagrams, anything. One of my concerns about computers is that people are getting addicted to computers. Many young people use computers excessively, resulting in poor health. People get fat when they sit in front of a computer screen all day just to get up and grab something to eat. In order for healthy people to stagnate, people need to get outside and exercise. We need to make rules to keep people away from the outside world and allow this generation to live a healthy life. So, I have mixed feelings about computers. They might be amazing for a while, but only for a while. If you can't see this open your eyes
To the editor of @ORGANIZATION2, I am writing to state my opinion on whether computers are good or bad for society. I believe the computer is a great tool for several reasons. First, computers are a learning resource, a way for people to keep up with the world around them. Also, computers make it easier for us to connect with friends and family. Obviously, computers help people more than they hurt them. Without the advances in computer technology over the past few decades, life as we know it today would have changed dramatically. Today, if I need to know something, whether for @ORGANIZATION1 or my own reasons, I can look it up and get the answer from many different sources almost instantly. This helps people become more educated and understand the world around them. Dr. @PERSON2 from @ORGANIZATION1 recently conducted a study of high @ORGANIZATION1 teens and concluded: "Computer-accessible @CAPS1 scores significantly higher on standardized tests due to background information they obtain online". In addition to the Internet, there are programs like @ORGANIZATION4 and @ORGANIZATION3 that help people learn a new language, or write on a computer. Furthermore, computers allow us to understand what is going on in the world. For example, when the earthquake destroyed @LOCATION1, I first saw it on the news but got very little detail. I looked it up online and immediately got the death toll, the aid being given and ways I can help donate. Without a computer, I would know nothing. Another reason computers are so helpful to society is that they are tools that help us stay connected to others. Using things like facebook and @CAPS2, I can chat with people, invite friends over, and even plan parties. Without a computer, I would need to call everyone individually, but with a computer, I can write a message and send it to everyone at once. This gives me more time to do things like play and exercise outdoors. Plus, things like @CAPS3 and Facebook help people keep in touch with old friends from afar. Research done by @ORGANIZATION5 shows that @PERCENT1 people who have some kind of social networking account have more active social lives than those who don't. According to Dr @PERSON1, this means these people will be more likely to adapt to different social situations than others who don't. Obviously, this is a big benefit. In short, the help of the computer to the society is far greater than the hindrance to the society. It makes it easy for people to stay educated, updated and connected. It helps people stay aware of the world around them and understand everything. It makes things that would otherwise take a lot of time really fast, giving people a chance to do other things like play outside. It keeps people socially competent and motivated and allows people to connect with others. There is no doubt that the computer is a very good thing.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1 Impact on people and lives. Because a lot of people spend their time planning games, myspace, facebook and email addresses after school. instead of going to the computer. I think kids and adults should hang out, it's okay to play on the computer occasionally, but if you're on the computer all day, it's too bad. Adults shouldn't keep kids on the computer all day, and adults shouldn't eat because it helps you live. The computer can mess up your life because of the choices you make, the pictures you post, and what you write there and say look at this I don't want this person working for me. Then you screw up your future. You can go out and exercise to stay fit, go out into the world to learn new things, or even plan a trip to walk around with your family, instead of keeping your computer and putting yourself at risk of losing your job or screwing up your future. You shouldn't let the computer mess up your life because if you do, then your life wants to be the same as before. Kids can mess up their lives because of things they write or pictures they post witch other kids can see and be mean to them and talk about them for the rest of the school year or things can lead to you because of what you say A little word or a picture you put in an argument because you thought it was cute. Sex offenders are on the computer, and some don't even have it until they're taken or killed. Parents don't always refuse when there are sex offenders around or online with you or your kids trying to meet them. They can also post fake photos trying to get you to talk to them or have you meet them somewhere so they can take you there. So you shouldn't let the computer touch you.
Dear @CAPS1: You recently asked a question in the paper. @CAPS2 yourk @CAPS3, ask the reader if you are for or against the technology. I support computers because they provide an opportunity to learn about different people and their cultures around the world, they save a lot of time in today's noisy society, and you can talk to people online through some computer program. Using computers, one can learn a lot about foreign countries and their cultures. I read an article in @CAPS4 @CAPS3 that a person was participating in a church project where a foreign citizen would come to @LOCATION2 to make friends and get to know @LOCATION1. This guy, @PERSON1, was assigned a guy from the @CAPS6 farm who never left the field. @PERSON1 thinks @CAPS13 would be happy to welcome her to his house in a familiar setting. Unfortunately, he doesn't know anything about @CAPS6. He did have a computer, but he quickly backed off on it so he could know everything about her house. @CAPS8 felt like @CAPS8 was home again when the woman walked in his door. @CAPS8 ended up living with @PERSON1 and getting married. If he hadn't charmed her with his knowledge on the computer. @CAPS8 probably won't stay and live the good life with him. Also, @PERSON2 from @ORGANIZATION2 stated that language students such as Spanish and French would have a higher success rate if they had a computer to learn more about these countries. He said the average grade of children with computers is A. But @CAPS15 computer kids average @CAPS9+. Therefore, having a computer to understand far-flung places and people can ensure future happiness and success. Computers can also save a lot of time. In the school newspaper, @PERSON6 talks about her homework problems. "@CAPS10 night I have @CAPS11 homework. I have vocal @CAPS8 to work on. I had to look up @CAPS10 words in huge dictionary and I failed @CAPS11 because I just didn't have time for my homework! Then my family gave I bought a computer and @CAPS13 uses the online dictionary very well. I can do my homework in @NUM1 minutes instead of @NUM2 hours! I'm finally doing well in @CAPS11. @CAPS15 her computer, @PERSON6 There must be, @CAPS11 @NUM2. @CAPS8 will keep failing @CAPS15 her time-saving computer. Plus, @PERSON3 says people at @PERCENT2 can work faster when looking for traffic reports on the computer instead of listening to the radio. He said , @PERCENT3 folks got one because their boss was impressed with their consistent time. As you can see, time is a valuable resource that computers can help save. Finally, computers allow people to talk online. One student once unfortunately broke One of his vertebrae. Doctors told him he won't be able to attend school. Student @PERSON5 came up with a plan to talk to his teacher via his laptop and webcam. Every day, the teacher gives @PERSON5 update. When he finally gets back to school, @PERSON5 has barely any work to make up as his teacher interacts with him via computer. @CAPS15 his computer, @PERSON5 will have a month of work and study to make up, this Will be overwhelming. Also, @PERSON4 of @ORGANIZATION1 stated that students who communicate with their families during college have better relationships after college. Obviously being able to talk to certain people from a computer is a useful thing All in all, having a home computer is a very good thing. Not only does @CAPS13 let people know about places outside of their home, @CAPS13 gives us more time to spend without leaving the comfort of our homes Talk to others. I recommend that everyone who wants an easier life should invest in a computer.
Dear newspaper, I think computers have a positive effect on people because you can chat online. There are electronics for kids that they can plug into a computer and learn different things. You can pay your bills on your computer. People who don't have a phone don't want to leave the house at this time, have a computer to go to a chat room or a local website where they can chat with friends and family. There are also many people who have facebook, myspace, etc... can find new friends and have a lot in common. Some people did find the @CAPS1 people they were looking for. I think they have a new electronic product for little kids like the leaf frog that they can plug into a computer/laptop where they can learn the alphabet, counting, and even spelling, which is a great thing for little kids Good product so they can use extra work @DATE1 or after school so they can stay smart and learn in and out of school. The other day I let my mom know what she was doing and the bills so I thought how could you, she said there is also a website I forgot what it's called where you can pay your bills. So when they pay the bills and can like or if you have a computer, you can do it at home instead of going to your place to perform. So the people who publish the newspaper I think, I hope you think this is a good response to tell you about the benefits of computers. I hope it will last a long time.
People ask me, "@CAPS1 do you think we should spend more or less time on the computer"? I say we should spend less time on the computer because kids spend a lot of time on online games. Second kids and adults spend a lot of time on myspace, facebook, msm and even aiming. My third reason is that kids should play and exercise outside. Here are three reasons why we should spend less time on the computer. The number one reason we should spend less time on the computer is because kids play so many online games like @CAPS2 of warcraft, @CAPS3, soilder front, and more. Problems with children playing these games will become addicted to them and will play for hours. Kids should get bigger muscles outside and get stronger bones. Children are ruining their lives by continuing to play these games. This is the number one reason why I should spend less time on the computer. The second reason I should spend less time on the computer is that children and adults spend a lot of time on: myspace, facebook, twitter, aim, msm, etc. These online pages keep people visiting their friends. Also, through these online pages, they cause a lot and can lead to arguments or rumors. Children and adults of about @PERCENT1 visit these online pages every day and spend more time outdoors using their computers or hanging out with friends. My last but not least reason is that kids should be playing outside and not on the computer. Kids should hang out with their friends to play sports or games, it has nothing to do with the computer. This is my third reason why kids shouldn't spend more time on the computer. As I said before, people should spend less time on the computer. Children spend a lot of time on online games. Adults and children spend a lot of time on online pages. The last child should play outside. Time to put a timer on our computers and spend more time outside.
Dear @LOCATION1 @CAPS1, I think computers have a bad influence on people in this world. Yes, they have their pros and cons, but computers are somewhat dangerous. Some people who use computers use them for the wrong reasons. Some people search for porn sites and then hack into servers. I believe computers should be used for positive things not negative things. Another reason I'm against computers is that people online are dangerous. A lot of people think they're talking to a person, but it's not actually that person. Can be anyone. Today, people just give information to random people. This is how kidnappings and murders happen in our world. @CAPS3 - @CAPS2 is also a big problem with computers. (@CAPS3-@CAPS2) - Indicates that @CAPS2 someone is on the computer. The result of this is that someone is harmed by an unsolved crime. People also spend too much time using computers. Instead of going out to enjoy nature, they waste their time on the computer. This is also the reason for a lot of obesity. People become obese by not going out and exercising. The world uses computers for the wrong reasons. This needs to change.
Dear @CAPS1, do you use your computer a lot? If you @CAPS7 fine, because @CAPS7 you believe experts will question why @CAPS5 uses them so heavily? Well, I think people need them because how does @CAPS5 know what's going on in the world, how does @CAPS5 know what the weather is like, so accidents can be avoided, and you can turn on your @CAPS2.V., but than you have to wait what you want to do. So you decided that @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS5 should be out more? Don' @CAPS2 Do you need to know what's going on too? Of course you @CAPS7, everyone does. I think it's important for @CAPS5 to know @CAPS4 that a meteor is about to hit the world, isn't it? President @PERSON2 even said computers are where the world @PERCENT2 gets information. about what happened. Are you just sitting there not listening to the @LOCATION1 president? Don't '@CAPS2 think so. I'm @PERCENT1 sure @ORGANIZATION1 doesn't want to be called an incident state by @CAPS2. That's why @CAPS5 needs a computer! To let people know if I'm going to have snow, sleet, or worse traffic than @CAPS5, need to go online to find out @CAPS4 and when and where. @PERSON1, CEO of @CAPS3 said: "@CAPS4 someone said '@CAPS5 it might snow or rain' instead they usually go straight to the internet" You can open your @CAPS2.V. Find out what's going on, but not all you want/need to know. So you will have to wait. The internet just does it on the spot. No need to wait! (unless you have a bad internet connection) @CAPS7 Do you think these reasons are a good argument? I @CAPS7. @CAPS7 You use your computer to find out what's going on, what's the weather like, not @LOCATION2? If so, I think you'll agree with me.
I think it's fine to use a computer. I think the reason you have distant family. instead of hearing voices on the phone. They can talk to each other, but the most important thing is to see each other. Show off cool new stuff you own. When you have a lover, you can see them when there is a way to travel. Computers are helpful when your car breaks down or you don't have one. You can buy things in the store from the comfort of your home. Pretty much anything you can get your stuff out of the store because they have an online store that they can mail to you. Now you can also buy food and more on the Internet. The money saving computer tells you where to buy a good price and save money. Lots of dating sites to meet different people, go out and give you a review. Texting on Facebook allows you to save money by texting for free. Play free online games with your friends. You can make websites where you can watch movies and shows online. You can do a lot of things on your computer. I know a lot of people don't exercise outdoors, but I agree with some experts. A lot of people need to lose weight or need to go outside the real world more. This tech guy is big, they don't go out more. They eat a lot of food. But computers are very useful in many ways, and very interesting. That's why I think computers are great and should be used more.
Computers are a great benefit to people. First, a computer is a useful machine in different ways, just as I personally use it to check my homework. Computers are also good because you can search the internet when you don't know. Long-term non-use of the computer will not affect health, and the computer can help students to do projects. By using word, exell and other Microsoft software. So I think the computer is a great machine for people. Second, using a computer can also communicate with people, and many students, including me, use Facebook, so even if we're not next to each other, we can still talk. Computers can also be used to make new friends, "but they're people you don't know and we're not going to reveal our information," says @PERSON1 our health teacher. Computers are useful for friends who live far away, if your friend moves to another state, you can use the computer to chat with him, there are many ways they socialize with the computer. Finally, exercise is important for everyone, but using a computer doesn't mean we can't go out and exercise anymore, maybe computers can be addicting, but if you pay attention to the time, maybe half an hour at a time, you can still get The workout you need. Sports is easy and kids love sports so their souls are not a problem like my kids always come to my house and ask me if I want to play football and I'm talking to people on the computer but I still Went to play outside, so the computer is a good machine and not addictive, so parents don't have to worry about kids exercising. I think computers have a big impact on people, like going online to do research or talk to friends. Adults need them to work. This proves that the computer is a great machine.
In the past few years, computers have greatly helped people. Thanks to computer scientists finding classes, work has become easier and communication with friends or family has become affordable. I believe that computers have a positive impact on people because they educate people about the world, help people get work done, and give people the opportunity to talk on the phone without paying anything. Someone travels to a country and they might go to a computer to learn more about that country and their culture. Another thing they might do is visit a website that allows them to find affordable flights or hotels to stay. If a child is reporting on a country in @LOCATION1, they can look up facts about that country on their computer. Computers educate people about places around the world. You can visit a website with videos and short clips about what's going on, and learn about current events. any fees. If you want to meet a friend for her birthday but don't have the money to fly halfway around the world to see her, you can video chat with her. Computers help people save money by talking on a computer with friends, family, and even colleagues. Computers have been very useful since their invention. They help people learn about the world and anything you want to know. They also make work and work easier and also help people save a lot of money by talking to the person on the computer over the phone. Computers have improved tremendously over the years, the screen used to be so small you had to press all these buttons to start it, now computers can be as big as a tablet screen @CAPS1, you can turn them on with just one button. Who knows what computers will look like @NUM1 years from now?
Dear @CAPS1 post, I've been thinking about how computers affect our lives. Oh this topic, I agree with the experts who say people spend too much time on the computer and less time doing other things. I believe everyone, including myself, spends a lot of time online. Even if it's research, don't you think it's better to bury your head in a book to get the information? Computer games have the same idea, like a virtual kick outside? The main reason I'm trying to get is that computers are holding us back, they can't physically help us, it would be better to leave the computer, or even go out. I've mentioned how computers hinder us, the more time we spend; the more time we spend doing other things. I say this because I don't want to go out. We want to stare at the screen to play games or chat with friends. Chatting online is especially impactful for most people, because on a fun day, we just chat online and go online. I also believe that if we have a time limit on computers, it's more of a push to socialize and get out and do things. Unfortunately for computers, all we end up waiting to do is just what to do. Another reason is that computers cannot physically help us and make us active. I can do this because I'm a cheerleader and I'm always on youtube to learn how to stretch and do new things. Even if I study and take the time to see how it's done, I get hurt and can't do it. That's why I try to be cut more by a gym teacher who can help physically and interact with my behavior. In the end, I believe that the less time we spend, the better it will help us. I know, after an hour or more of being online. I feel lazy and I don't want to do anything. But if I go out, I feel energized and I'm active. It feels better, better, away from the computer. All in all, having a computer is great, but not for most of them. It does put us off, and it's even worse for our health. Oh, and one last thing, too much time can make you less active. However, thanks for reading.
You say that computers in today's society are not good? @CAPS1 I'm here to prove you wrong and show you that they can actually benefit society today. Maybe some kids don't have a phone, so they can log into facebook and do everything a phone has to offer and more. School. School. School; with so much homework and projects assigned, using a computer program helps a lot and gives a professional feel. How can you forget "Google" the most famous system online where everyone loves you and you can do anything with that page. So computers are harmful to society, think twice before doing it. blc computers benefit us more than ever. www.facebook.com, one of the most visited pages on the internet for all different age groups, will definitely benefit you. Log in and see the latest updates about pictures, videos and life in your friends profiles, you can use facebook to know every little detail. I you don't have a phone, no. weares, facebook has a chat system so you and friends and relatives can talk, or their family reunion is coming up, you can inbox all the messages and visit the relatives' home page to see how they're doing. @CAPS3 You're not logged into facebook yet, you definitely are now! "This project will be done on a computer", how many times have you listened to your teacher and given you an assignment almost every time! @CAPS1 windows and @ORGANIZATION1 programs will really benefit you when you need school help. Assuming you've been assigned a project to create a computer-like commercial product, you can jump right into the windows movie maker and get all the help you need, and you'll be able to create your project on the program so it looks and listens Looks very professional. One demo program you can use for a lifetime is "power", in my history class we were assigned a celebrity from @DATE1's and were going to give a demo; @CAPS1 I went straight to powerpoint when I got the assignment And got great results! Finally the known @ORGANIZATION1 word! Use it for various projects or homework, especially writing essays or short stories, with a spell check, you'll get a good grade! Google! Everyone knows it and everyone loves it. This internet hit can be used for almost anything. From searching for pictures and information on school projects, to watching videos of songs, friends or TV shows you like or don't see. Look at the website. Some say @CAPS2 stops people from exercising, but Google can show you videos of special workouts or websites about healthy eating or fitness clubs or fitness clubs, so now you see how the internet has benefited us! "Did you change your mind? Did you listen carefully?" @CAPS3 So your life is so much easier, socialize by using facebook, @ORGANIZATION1 and windows programs for school, google for life and health, You have just benefited from my writing and use of modern technology, computers!
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, have you ever thought about seeing the whole world with the click of a button. It's as simple as going out and buying a computer. Computers are becoming more and more popular. Some people think that people use computers too much. What I'm trying to say here is that this is a terrible accusation. First, computers help you with your studies. Say you have an article and it needs @NUM1 words or more, you can just use the word cant and you have the exact number of words. Also, you may need to find some information on a topic. You just enter the word and search, and you have millions of options to choose from. If you have a homework assignment that you don't understand, you can look up how to do it on the Internet. But this is just the beginning. Another reason computers are so good is that you can meet and interact with people all over the world and learn about their cultures. You can join a free chat room and meet people from @LOCATION1. You will also learn about their culture. It could also be a way to learn another language. If this person can speak @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 fluently, then he or she can teach you. You might be able to see how the @CAPS2 family works. Then, you can compare the lifestyles of the two of you. Finally, you can learn about the world around you. There are many websites where you can get real-time satellite information for every corner of the globe. You can also do research on the Earth itself. You can learn about the care of the earth and what goes on inside it. You can also learn about nature. You can learn more about plants and animals. You can also look at space. You can learn about planets, and if there is life on planets or water or whatever, those are things you can study. So all in all, you can get your school work done. You can interact with people all over the world. You can also learn about the world around you, which is just a small part of all the things you can do on your computer, but don't stay there all day. Make sure you hang out and have fun too!
Dear @CAPS1, I have the same question for you and I hope you can answer it. I am wandering. Do you have a computer at home, and if so, how many? Also, do you like to use a computer? I'm trying to figure out how many people don't use computers because. I want to ask them how they survive without one! ? Computers are essential to our daily lives today. Everything in the world is in one computer. You can talk, send emails, and even meet people from your computer because now everyone has a camera attached to their computer. I want to tell you all the great things computers don't make our lives so easy. People are always looking for a way to get in touch with someone, like if your phone dies, how are you going to tell your friends when you're meeting at that place? You can easily text her from your computer. You can text someone using your screen name or on verizon, at&t, sprine... etc.com. It will save you from making your friend stand up and feel guilty about it. Ever needed a phone number but couldn't find the phone book? It definitely happened to me, but you know what I'm doing? I turn on my computer, open the yellow pages.com, and look up restaurants/places on the website. It's that simple. You can look up almost anything on your computer, prices, locations, facts, anything! Most of the time, the real facts will always be there. If you need help with history, science, and @CAPS2 facts, computers have a lot to offer. Computers help us every day. The fact that people need them for communication, phone numbers, or anything. Most people's lives can be saved to a computer. If your handwriting is bad, then you can type out your paper and hand it in. Like I said before reading this article before computers are vital to our lives now @CAPS3 I bet you would agree.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1's take on computers is that they are good for people. They help people when they need them and entertain people. So that's why computers benefit people. @CAPS1 The first reason is that if you have to write a paper and you need to look up something like research, a computer can help people when they need to look up formulas. So as you can see that's why computers benefit people @CAPS1 The second reason is that it provides entertainment to people like my space, your twitter. If you like watching TV, these are social networks. Or listen to music also have their website. So that's why I say computers can entertain you too. @CAPS1 The third reason is that it helps people, for example, if you're in a different country, you can't see them via instant messenger or webcam. Or if you're homeschooling and you don't see other kids your age talking on the computer. So you can see why I said you can go through the computer. So as you can see, that's why I say computers are very beneficial because they entertain you, they allow you to communicate, and they help people.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 editors, people say technology controls everyone. Computers actively help us in our daily lives. It helps us do projects for schools, gives us an understanding of cultures around the world, and allows us to talk and connect with friends and family around the world. Our school has us do a lot of projects, and computing is our main subject. If you want to go far away, you most likely research it and then plan to go. It can also be used to chat with friends on facebook, twitter and @CAPS3. Computers help us learn and communicate. First, as an eighth grader, we prepare for high school. Fortunately, that means we conduct projects, reports, and research on computers. Computers allow us to look up information for a project or build a chart or data table for a survey. Many people use this method to work. People report on famous people and famous people in history. Books don't always provide the information you're looking for, so they look up the person's name and then find us on the hundreds of sites that provide information and photos of that person. Also, the computer allows you to book flights, purchases, tax rates. Sometimes people don't always drive to their local car, so they go online to a sales site where they are able to see all the features, price and mileage of the car. The only way to get tickets is to go online. They have websites to book any type of flight you want. It could be to Florida, or it could be a flight to @LOCATION1. If you also understand the economy, you can look at tax rates and how to find out how much debt our country has. You can even find out what an average household pays each year. At @CAPS2, computers can be very resourceful. It offers capabilities beyond your imagination. Most importantly, computers create a way for you to converse with friends and family around the world. Facebook and twitter are the new things of this century. Facebook and twitter allow you to chat with friends, post photos and talk about your personal life. They now have a new thing where you can play lifestyle games. @CAPS3 isn't as popular anymore and there isn't as much cool stuff. It only lets you talk to friends, which is why no one uses it anymore. People want to be able to do more than just talk. I have noticed computers over time. Today, computers enable you to talk with friends, conduct research and projects, and let you book flights and buy cars. Our school curriculum has many projects and reports. They can only be done with the help of a computer. You can research people and places, or get pictures. You can also book flights for long journeys and buy cars and other items from the internet. We can even chat with friends on facebook and twitter. Computers have a positive effect on people.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4, do you always tell your kids to do their homework and get off the computer? Well, I might be able to help. Computers have not benefited our society today. People are spending a lot of time with them; don't like the outdoors and are making time to spend with friends and family. I believe setting a daily limit on your computer might help with these issues. Computers can be distracting, and you can use them too often. Staring at a computer screen can damage your eyes and kill brain cells. That's one thing kids and adults don't notice. You need your brain cells to go to school. Join and other activities, the computer also distracts you from getting your work done, and then you have to stay up late to finish the homework should be in front of the computer. Time flies as you click and type. The next thing you know is ten o'clock and your work isn't done. Because I have a very busy schedule after school. I try to finish my work and go to the computer before dancing. This way I become my friend and relax. It's a smart idea to spend time away from your computer. Speaking of @DATE1 time, the weather will be great, you don't want to waste a good day on the computer, @CAPS5 The human body needs oxygen. Obviously, computers don't provide these. A great way to get oxygen is to get outside for exercise and energy. Playing outside can offer so much more than a computer. You can swim, jump or play sports. My doctor once told me, "Everyone should exercise for at least an hour a day." You can't do that while sitting in front of a computer. The next time it's sunny, no matter what the season, go outside and take a break from your electronics. Spending time with family and friends is a fun way to get away from the computer. Friends and family are not people to take advantage of. They'll be there for you when you're down and make you laugh. When your relatives come to town and you haven't seen them in a while, you don't want to spend it on a computer. Talking and catching up with each other is a great way to reconnect. We don't bring a computer during the family holiday. We turn them off to spend time with each other. Friends and family are special gifts. So, don't throw away friendships or relationships with your family. Get away from your computer and make connections. (not done)
Dear newspaper, @CAPS1 brought to my attention that some people are concerned about overuse of computers. Well, I disagree with this statement. I think computers teach you hand-eye coordination. Computers also give you an extra step to leave foreigners. Finally, computers can help you communicate with others. As said recently, I think computers are useful because they help with your hand-eye coordination. For example, you are using coordinator when you are writing essays for school or papers for work. You don't even notice that you tend to go faster once typing is out of the way. This machine is a beautiful invention, please don't take @CAPS1 away! Computers are also used in everyday life and are very useful for learning new things about distant places and people. Another thing you don't realize when using a computer is that you're doing it from someone close to you, but far away. How do you get this information without spending a fortune on airfare or gas? A computer is the fastest way to find information! Finally, a computer is an important resource because you can chat with your friends. A @CAPS2 researcher said computers you can chat @CAPS3, I think computers affect everyone! They teach hand-eye coordination, they teach you about faraway computers and let you chat with your friends online! I @CAPS4, you look at computers the way I do.
Dear newspaper, @CAPS1, you know, most people own a computer these days. Computers have greatly advanced society and technology. Some people say that computers have negative effects, but that's not the case. Computers have influenced people in many beneficial ways. While some experts want people to use less computers, schools need the technology. Kids can fold and type their papers, which allows them to finish faster. This quicker finish keeps kids from staying up too late. Then do your homework. It's better for their health. Computers also developed hand-eye coordination, an essential skill later in life. In my opinion, computers have contributed a lot to technology. They are exploring where humans have/could go. We can make and distribute items faster. In addition, computers allow people to understand the distant places of different cultures and different people. Computers can expand everyone's horizons, allowing them to understand places and things they never knew existed. Has the most members. Facebook is a website that people use to communicate. In regular schools, most students over @PERCENT1 have one. They communicate there more than they would without a computer. Computers aren't making people "sociopathic" or reducing their interactions with friends, they're actually talking more. Computers allow people to communicate with people from all over the world every day without worrying about running out of cell phones. In general, computers are opening people's eyes and locking in new things. They are more of a benefit than a burden. Computers are the second best thing since sliced bread.
Dear newspaper, I think I should express my concern. @CAPS4 is increasingly computer dependent. @CAPS4 needs to go out more and stay active. Although some @MONTH1 think we're not wasting our time on the computer. I @CAPS3. I will only continue if necessary. People always come up with @CAPS2 game ideas to attract people, but people don't realize it's not only a waste of time, but also our money. Electricity bills are paid by sketchy payment instead of going out to meet @CAPS1 People stay at home and talk on social sites which makes them less social. The children are not playing sports, which makes them lose any physical strength they could have had. Kids can also get over the wait by sitting there without any physical activity, ideas like @CAPS2 Microsoft word are great, but play games every day. Teachers, parents, and all need to show these that computers are not the only things, that computers can benefit us so much and have them at our fingertips. Computers can and do take up the time of family and friends. Now I'm not talking about that computer, I'm saying it affects everyone around you, @CAPS3 just the people who use it. What @CAPS4 needs to @CAPS3 is solidarity. @CAPS4 need to go out more and exercise more. @CAPS4 Need to stop the computer with an adult. So let's make this a better place. Get out there and keep using the computer for a while.
I think we should have computers. Because it helps us find pleopl, it helps us talk to people, and it helps you solve problems, I can have a brother that I didn't know before, and then you can find that brother. Then if I go to myspace or @CAPS1 I can talk to my friends online because you can in the state I can find out how cold the tax is and you can check the age of it. Or how old it can get.
Dear compatriots, @CAPS1 think if you have to buy a book for every question. It would take a long time to even get this book, let alone read it. Computers help the modern world solve problems, make friends over long distances, and have fun. Computers already do us a lot more, @CAPS2 is so pervasive that it's hard to come up with all the useful things it does. On the one hand, @CAPS2 helps us stay in touch with our faraway friends without having to talk to them on the phone. Sites like @CAPS3 and @CAPS4 allow us to communicate and/or play with them. @CAPS1 thinks the only way to talk to friends from different places is to pick up the phone and give them a good call, your friendship will fade away quickly. This happens because usually no one has time to pick up the phone to talk to that person and have nothing to do. Well, you can do other things when you talk to them on @CAPS2. For example, if I want, I can talk to someone and @CAPS2 and clean my room. Also, more computers allow us to play games or watch funny videos or any other fun stuff. Just when I'm doing mine my brother will let me use this game again. I am but they I @CAPS1 better A also plays movies, @CAPS5 shows videos. If you missed a show, watch the show's homepage and watch it. This can save some people time and effort. Finally, more efficient computers are looking for things. It's much faster than browsing the library and you don't have to leave your me, although people say @CAPS2 is taking the time to read well it really isn't. For everything you want, you can read it online, or if you really want, you can let @CAPS2 not work for you. Reading is not a problem at all. @NUM1 of America believes that computers help a lot, how they have more time to do things is escalating every day and getting better. In conclusion, I believe that computers are helping us, not a bad thing. Computers are great for us and for busy people. Now go get @CAPS2.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 are a few reasons why computers have an impact on people. My position is to convince the local paper why some @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 use computers. People are caught up by @CAPS4, or people don't have enough money to explore the world, so they're only on @CAPS4. In fact, the folks at @CAPS2 won't waste time on @CAPS4 because you'll be caught up. For example, my friend @PERSON1 has been on the computer for more than @NUM1 hours. He told me he was online at @CAPS5, connecting with other people. He is fascinated by everyone. He is so on @CAPS4. He stopped going to school, he got it. Now he's just a nobody. He just sits in front of the computer and does nothing. I feel like he just gave up his life for some stupid @CAPS5 lines. @CAPS8 Not hard to find another in our city. @CAPS8 Lots of beautiful young ladies to explore here. Likewise, the folks at @CAPS2 don't waste time on @CAPS4 because you start wasting time. For example, you spend less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. Instead of focusing on the important things, people start focusing on other things, like, being a great person. She was so successful. She makes a lot of money. until she started losing her job. She stopped because her stock on Facebook was too high. Facebook is like a friend @CAPS6 place where you can meet other people from different @CAPS7 where you can find dates. Facebook changed her life. I remember her telling my mom how messed up her life is right now. How she got fired, how she didn't pay her bills, and how she moved in. Sometimes websites make people lose focus on the important things in life. So some folks at @CAPS3 use computers because @CAPS4 can help you with certain things. In conclusion, @CAPS8 can help you find a hotel or a trip with friends or family. I love being on @CAPS4. Once I signed up for this site called myspace. For the time being I did catch up with @CAPS8. Continue to line up.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1's opinion on the impact of computers on people is that more and more people are obese. People tend to get moody. It seems that computers can be addicting. I think computers have a huge impact on people. The most important thing is that more people are becoming obese every year because they don't get out of the chair they sit in for most of the day. They also became lazy and didn't want to get up, so they would just order food and have it delivered straight to their house. The next thought is that they're not getting enough exercise because they're not sitting there all day. But when they move it to eat or to get their phone. That's why they should limit children's and adults' computer time to @NUM1 hours or less per day. @CAPS1 The next reason is because people who use computers tend to get. Like one second they're happy, once they're off the computer, they're sad. They were trapped inside all day. They don't see enough because people can't see them. If they are hours a day, moodiness will change. People need a lot of exercise to maintain weight and muscle. @CAPS1 The last time computers affected people was that people tended to become addicted to computers. It's like they play games all day without realizing they're addicted and won't stop gaming all day. People need to leave the computer to do other things, like ride a bike or play sports. In conclusion, what I want to tell you is that it is not good for people to stay at home playing computer all day, because it is bad for your health and it puts you at risk of obesity. So can you hear what @CAPS1 thinks?
Dear newspaper, I have been reading debates about computers. People say computers are teaching important skills. Others say, "people spend too much time on the computer and less time exercising." @CAPS1, I think people should be able to use a computer (I mean they help us anyway) @CAPS2 think a computer How helpful is the @CAPS3 race, from talking to friends/family in other countries to see when the plane leaves @LOCATION1. More than one million people are said to use the computers there more than once a day. Without a computer, there is no global cyber witch connected to everything in this world. Without computers, you won't be able to control any robots, or more jobs will be provided, but without computers, the cost of food will increase dramatically, and equipment will not work in hospitals. Computers save lives, they store important information, and we have to go back and enter again. The Dark Ages of the Typewriter. Another big problem is people overusing computers. This won't be a problem once you learn to control your computer usage. Some people say that computers are too expensive. There are ways to do so called "prepayment" on your computer, for example, but you pay monthly and setting up the internet is as easy as @NUM1. So yes, there are good and bad things about computers, but without them we wouldn't have the modern era. Then control the robot and let your robot save lives, so after all that said, I'll lie and say thank you or listen, and go to the computer!
Dear @CAPS1 I am writing this article about computers to give you my thoughts on the positive and negative aspects of computers. The reason why computers are so successful is because of the important information they provide. Such as directions to a place until you're going or family information on a topic or Pearson. While this all sounds good, anyone can post information on the Internet, so some information is not always accurate. Some of the reasons why computers fail are due to flags being insecure and can give your personal information to you and return it to you in the future. Also, webites or pop-up icons are not appropriate for younger kids and don't make them mature. Finally, talking on a computer is a part of our daily life, such as e-mail on almost every whita computer in the US here. An email that's a good one to rely on or. Also, the new cyber witch enables you to see people and get into computers, which is growing rapidly in @LOCATION1 @CAPS2 in this article, here's my take on computers.
Dear local paper, I don't think computers are a bad thing, because three resonances and one resonance is where we can learn a bought one from far away. Another reason is that they teach hand-eye coordination. The last reason is that we can talk to friends and meet new people. If we're reporting on it or just out of our curiosity, we can learn from the computer how far away the purchase is. We can learn about the types of food grown there, such as bananas and coconuts grown in the tropics. We can learn what they eat in @LOCATION1, they eat a lot of beans, there's a lot of food there, even the salads there have beans. We can find the language there too, maybe they speak Spanish like @LOCATION2. You can also teach hand-eye coordination, as it involves using your fingers and eyes to see what you're typing. Whether you're typing or using a mouse, you can use your hands on anything. But it's not just for learning stuff, it also works for friends because of these sites like myspace, facebook, aim, webchat. The possibilities are endless, you can even play games. It's okay if you don't know someone on face, book or myspace, it's a great way to meet new people and new people. Another thing, if you can't find friends, you can see if they are online. It's good to meet up somewhere or another. For those who think it's taking up family time, you can always just say okay, that's enough, and talk to them. That's it, they're good because you can get to know places, hand-eye coordination, and talk to old and new friends. so they are fine
I believe a home computer can help with everyday tasks like R&D, homework, artwork, a constantly updated travel dictionary, @NUM1 hour superstore full of never-ending items, video games, and very useful favorites. New shows come all the time but always think that being an idiot is a really bad thing and any part of you will start to have no friends or girlfriends and you may start neglecting your family and you will be weak tunnle sindram from typing , focreamea look carefully from staring at a beautiful screen every day. You might get a bad back from sitting in a chair or lying or leaning back in the chasse lounge, it @MONTH1 is comfortable but it's not good for you, the concloshion computers help a lot and they're fun. But it's addicting so have fun. But don't get addicted because the computer @MONTH1 is fun but part healthy and that's what it's supposed to do.
Dear reader, @CAPS1 The most important invention of the past few decades is the computer, which has its advantages and disadvantages. I think people spend a lot of time on the computer, especially teenagers. They spend a lot of time on @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 and not enough time outdoors enjoying nature, playing sports or exercising. It's not the same as going to the park with friends to play baseball when they @MONTH1 chat with their @CAPS4 friends. They also distanced themselves from each other as families sat on @CAPS5. Teens spend too much time on @CAPS6 getting where they should be instead of doing more rewarding activities like reading. I'm sure we all know @CAPS1 obese people or teenagers at least. My neighbor is the size of a killer whale and eats about the same as @CAPS1. He would sit in a computer chair, staring at the computer chair and staring at the computer screen for hours on end. Sometimes I wonder how many brain cells he wastes every second. I bet everyone reading this knows someone like my neighbor. @LOCATION2's stats @PERCENT1 being fat is no exaggeration. In my opinion this is the fault of @CAPS6 and the computer. Instead of going to the gym or the soccer field with friends, they chat at the computer and eat junk food. They spend time watching pointless @CAPS5 videos when they should be playing baseball or football. Skeptics say you learn hand-eye coordination through a computer, but you can learn it better through movement. Computers are a big factor in obesity as they encourage @CAPS1 to sit there instead of the standard @NUM1 minutes of exercise a day. The next pressing question is how much the average teen and @CAPS9 read. I would say on average they read about @NUM2 minutes a day because they are busy chatting with friends on @CAPS6. I have a cousin who reads a book every NUM3 years, fails every exam, and comes back @NUM4 times, but instead of reading and studying, he's chatting and texting. He's wasting these wonderful educational opportunities while they are people from less developed countries like @LOCATION3 who are lucky enough to have a book. I know the kids in the class over @PERCENT2 who read nothing but the required reading and that is because they are wasting @CAPS10 sitting on the computer is about @NUM5 and that number is decreasing due to not finishing reading and spending on computer time. I've seen surveys show that @NUM6 out of @NUM7 spend more than @NUM6 hours a day on the computer. These stats and quotes got me thinking how much time we really need to spend on computers instead of reading, or we'll turn into giant monkeys who can't even radiate. Computers and @CAPS6 are doing more than erasing brain cells and health, they are taking away the experience we can have in nature. Nature has natural wonders like @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS11 @CAPS12 and @CAPS13 @CAPS14. What's better than sliding down a big slope, or climbing @LOCATION1, certainly not a computer. Unfortunately, most @CAPS15 choose to do so. Instead of walking on nature trails and beaches, they sit and type on their keyboards. They sit in old moldy chairs staring at computer screens, unlike those who enjoy butterfly gardens and wildlife sanctuaries. Instead of taking steps to improve the environment, we sat and slept on the computer, mesmerized by the light of the screen. We should save and learn what's left on the planet, but we're not because of these calculations and @CAPS6. I make a strong argument against your computer @MONTH1 listening and not listening. I strongly urge you to take action and start reducing the time you spend on your computer. Set up a program at home or in town to shut down your computer. We need to do something now!
Dear Editor, @TIME1 week, I noticed an article in the newspaper titled "@CAPS1 Leaving the Computer to Work Out". This caught me off guard because computers have many benefits, like it enhances education, you can learn about foreign countries, you can talk to other people. Every school has computers. They are easy to access and very helpful. I know @TIME1 years, if someone asked a question and the teacher wasn't sure, we would go straight to the computer. It also helps us do better on projects. I know I have to do a project at @TIME1 and without the computer I wouldn't have it today. We also use computers for programs they have. On the artistic side, we made a cartoon and Photoshopped it to look real. It is also easy and fast to do research using a computer. You can also use a computer to learn about far-flung places in advance. For example, you can learn about other countries in the world. You can tell if it's inland or not, how many people live there, and things like that. You can also learn about the country's history, such as their leaders and government. Finally, you can stay up to date on sites like @CAPS2.com. Finally, you can chat with other people using sites like email, instant messaging, and facebook, which allow you to connect with friends. Via email, you can chat with someone to get a link to @CAPS1's website and a link to @CAPS1 information. Instant messaging is like texting on your phone, but much faster. You can instantly talk to people and catch up with them. Thousands of people are on Facebook. You can connect with old friends and chat with current friends. I know my mom used Facebook to chat with old friends after she moved. So, in my opinion, I think having a computer is a good thing. Not only do they enhance your education, but they also teach us foreign history and allow us to connect with old friends. Do you remember your "best friend for life" when you were in school? @CAPS3, with facebook, you can catch up with them instead of making them a memory.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 of @ORGANIZATION1, did you know that 8 out of 10 households in @LOCATION1 own at least one computer, if not more? Computers help us with our day-to-day tasks and make many tasks, such as writing papers, much easier. They benefit our society in many ways. Some families lose touch with loved ones far away without a computer, not to mention the ease with which it can keep a lot of things organized. Perhaps the biggest benefit is that you can learn about far-flung countries and cultures with the click of a button. The possibilities for how computers can benefit our society are endless. Many people don't realize that some families don't get along as easily as others. If family members are in service, sometimes talking on the computer is their only chance to communicate with loved ones back home. To say it's not a benefit is a lie. For others who don't have such strong communication needs, it's still a convenient way to talk to someone far away without having to pay phone bills for long distance calls. Many times, this can be an alternative for parents to buy expensive phones for their kids. Therefore, having a computer is undoubtedly a great benefit of communication. Computers can also make many tasks easier, for example, if you were assigned an @NUM1 page paper at school, typing it on a computer would be neater and faster than writing it all out. Additionally, many businesses relay on computers to keep data organized and all in place. Like the program excel, @ORGANIZATION2 created this program to organize data in an easy way. This is far more efficient than having everything in different sites with millions of texters in each sweepstakes. So another benefit of a computer is that it keeps things organized and provides easy ways to accomplish everyday tasks. Perhaps the greatest benefit of computers is how much you can learn so easily. Assuming I'm curious about the recent earthquake in @LOCATION2, if I want to learn more @CAPS3, go directly to the computer. You just go to @ORGANIZATION3 or other search engine of your choice, enter a topic, click, and you can read hours and hours of all your sites and articles. Computers are full of information, right at our fingertips, which is undoubtedly a huge benefit to our society. A computer is a great tool that can help in many ways, whether it's communicating organization, or just being curious. This technological advancement is just another way to improve everyday life. Computers not only benefit our small town @LOCATION1, all the amazing things they do benefit our society as a whole.
Computers are good and bad because computers are good because it's a way we can communicate with other people in different states. Another reason computers are good is that they keep you out of trouble and make you happy. Computers are bad because they can be computers. When it comes to computers, you get crazier and taller. A computer is good because it can do a lot of things that other objects can't.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1, you can see that @PERCENT1 in our population is overusing computers. They should go out for fresh air and spend time with family and friends. On the other hand, computers can come in handy. For many people. Family lives far away, @CAPS1 and some of @CAPS1 friends, loss of contact is possible. You can also learn about distant places like @LOCATION1. Computers are often used for important project papers. You can learn a lot with a computer. Computers can be used in many ways. One way is to keep in touch. Sure, you can go to the park and spend time there, but not everyone lives that close. For people with relatives or even close friends who live far away, the computer is you @CAPS2. It's a great way to keep in touch. You can always keep up with daily updates. For example, my cousin recently went abroad for college and she will be there for a few months, so she has her own blog on the computer to keep everyone updated and connected. Phone calls are not always an option. It's great to know far away places. Online you can learn about the history of a particular place. You can see towns and more. You can even see pictures. Maybe one day you'll even see those specific places with your own eyes. How cool would that be? School is a big deal right now. Students conduct project analysis after the dissertation and do extensive work. @CAPS1, as you age, your workload increases, and with a computer, the weight on your shoulders decreases. With articles, you can type them, and correct your mistakes without appearing sloppy. Items are easy to fix: so screwing up isn't a big deal. On the other hand, more Americans than ever are overweight. Computers have a lot to do with this. Most people go home and spend the rest of the night sitting at their computers. They don't realize how much influence computers can have on people. More people should go out and exercise. Spend time with family. Computers can be negative or positive. It might be more helpful than you think. However, it can have a huge negative impact on people. It can help keep in touch with people to learn about far-flung places, or even school work. Make it beneficial, use it when you @CAPS2.
Dear newspaper, computers are good for society because they teach people. They are also helpful because they solve problems that humans might encounter. They can also entertain us when we have nothing to do. They can teach people a lot. They can help tourists understand where they want to go. In fact, 1 out of @NUM2 tourists researches the area on a computer. They help students catch up or fully understand something. Once I had a problem with fractions in math. So I decided to look for a way to find out, and it got me caught up in class again. Computers can interpret cultures anywhere in the world. A person visiting a new country according to Cultural Digest.com @PERCENT1. Learn about the culture first. Computers solve problems that some people may not care about now. It can easily solve math problems using the built-in calculator. @NUM3 out of @NUM4 computer users use calculators to help them solve problems. They also address geography. @MONTH1 has a map on dates, but this is easily solved with a live satellite map. Map Tools says their system has never been flawed. Computers have a wide range of entertainment functions. They can play music. Teens at @PERCENT2 get music from computer via cd. Computers can entertain you with games. It was raining heavily one day and I had nothing to do, so I turned on the computer and played minesweeper. This makes me happy. Please consider this letter. thank you for your time.
More and more people are using computers, but not everyone agrees that it is good for society. Well, for me, it does benefit society in many ways, like online learning. You can learn a lot online, you can practice math, reading, and even writing. If you're bored at home with nothing to do, you can also have fun online. Plus, you can interact with friends and family via email and more. You can learn a lot when you are online. If you are at home and need to study for exams, you can study online. You can also learn more because if you don't know the math problem, you can learn how to do it, or just catch up on reading. People sometimes need a computer because they might get bored so they can play games online and have fun. People, especially kids, get bored sometimes, so they can play games and chores on the computer so they can still learn. Computers allow you to interact with family and friends. You can send email or webcam. If you haven't talked to someone in a long time, you can go to the computer and talk to them. If you're looking to find fellow @CAPS1 schoolmates you haven't contacted in years, now you can. Computers do benefit society, and in my opinion, we do need computers. Parents can block websites at any time if they do not want their children to visit websites they disapprove. Computers are really important and they can help a lot.
As a teenager, my computer was something I didn't think could survive without me. But will it prevent me from doing more important things? I agree. I feel like no computer would somehow educate people better than it does now. For example, when we have access to books and magazines, we use computers to look up information as soon as we research papers in school. With the use of computers, many people do not know how to use and find information in books. Likewise, being around computers and using them in abundance is alienating families and preventing humans from interacting more with nature and the environment. For many people, using a computer is a way of life, we tend to use it rather than religiously, and @MONTH1 is not the best thing. Children, teens and even adults are extremely addicted to computers. Teens and children use laptops and @CAPS1 every day to finish school and chat with friends. Besides parents/adults, they also use it to get work done and use it as easy communication with colleagues. Until today, people have become very addicted to computers. I'm pretty sure that in my family, my mother, father, brother and I can't get through a day without a computer. As I mentioned before, computers also pull the family further apart. Family time and communication between family members is reduced these days because of computers. In addition to spending time with family, teens prefer to spend time on the computer chatting with friends. I bet if there was a poll on how much family time was taking up in the family because I almost bought a computer it would be a pretty big number. The only real family time I know of families without computers is dinner, and not much. Finally, many human beings are no longer as connected to nature as they used to be, nor are they as involved as they used to be. Use computers to keep people inside instead of being exposed to nature. While there are lots of ads and pop-ups on computers telling us how to properly protect the planet, it's easy to ignore them and keep playing on the computer instead of going out and doing something to help make the world a better, clearer place. It's not just about Take care of our planet, and in fact, not many people these days go out for the fresh air they really need. Most likely not all of them are due to computer use, but I'd wager a good portion of them are. Like I said before, it's hard to imagine a day without computers, I mean how will we communicate or work? But there are other ways to do it, we just aren't used to them because we are so attached to them. I didn't really notice until now that it is possible to live without a computer, and many people lose incredible things like family and nature because of their addiction to computers.
Dear local paper, In my opinion, I believe that computers have helped our society a lot over the past decade or so. This is because your hand-eye coordination is better when you're on a computer. Also, you'll learn how to type and do other things with a computer, which you won't need to do if you want to get a job that pays well. It's also now possible to access facebook and other sites on your computer, if you can make friends and chat with other people. So not only will it help your social skills and hand-eye coordination, but if you can't type and use a computer, you're most likely to get a good job. First, having a computer can teach you better hand-eye coordination. This is because when you get a computer with better hand-eye coordination, it will teach you how to type better and faster. Second, having a computer will teach you better social skills. This is because a lot of people are using Facebook these days and you can make friends and chat with new people. Also, when it's a cold and rainy day, you can occupy yourself by playing different games and you can also check the news and forecast of tomorrow's weather. Finally, when you learn how to type, you have a good chance of getting a good job because you don't like typing and using computers. This is because when you're looking for a job that pays well, you most likely need how I type and operate a computer. @CAPS1 in @CAPS1, in my opinion, I think computers have helped our society over the years, but others @MONTH1 think differently. So now let's see what you think.
Click, click, click your computer's mouse as you search the Internet. Computers are a great way to teach kids how to socialize, make people smarter, help you with your homework, and I believe computers have a very positive impact on people. Computers can touch kids to socialize because first of all a computer is like an online phone, you can talk to people in many ways, facebook caht, aim(chat), myspace, twitter, skype and many other ways I can use no mentioned. Also, I think teens or children or even adults are too nervous to talk to people on the phone or in person, and that socializing is not theirs or painfully shy, can start by chatting with people online. Once they feel more comfortable, they can start talking to the person on the phone or in person. Like I used to @MONTH1 this girl was cute but heartbreakingly shy, so one day she decided to make a goal and talk to people and prove she wasn't the annoying girl everyone made her into. Turns out, she's one of the funniest people I've had in a while. How the Internet can help you. Do you ever feel that computers sometimes make you smarter? Well, in my opinion, I think the help of computers is much more than a book. If you want information, just type some keys and click a button. Owning a computer is like your own personal manual for all things in the world. A lot of people are learning online now, and I know I definitely will. Statistics show that @PERCENT1 more people say that computers are more helpful than books and can make you smarter because the internet has more details and more facts than books. @PERCENT2 Kids with computers use it for homework. A computer is a great tool for your homework. I spend most of the day doing homework on the computer, not at the computer. For example, let's say you have a report and you need facts about @CAPS1 @PERSON1, and where he was born. You just enter "@ORGANIZATION1 when is boen". and was born! The exact date is there. Also, if you have an article like a draft, why take the time to try and write it very neatly and perfectly? When you can open a word document and type it. To sum up, the computer has a positive effect on people from these three reasons. They spend a lot of time on the computer and less and less time to exercise, but you can find good ways to exercise on the Internet, and Watch videos of people with @CAPS2.V shows and do it with them on your computer. Remember, computers are not' @CAPS2 just a waste of time and ways to control your brain cells. They have a very positive effect on you.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, I am here to convince you to agree with me that using computers does benefit society. I think that's some of the reasons for school work and business issues. It is also a comprehensive study of important things. The first reason I think using computers is good for society is because @CAPS6 is often used for schoolwork. For example, use @CAPS6 for the project. And some type of research that they might be interested in. But one of the most important reasons why computer usage is so high is because there are so many people taking online courses. Whether it's for college or for your own studies. This is why I think school work should be a legitimate reason to benefit society. The second reason I think @CAPS6 is good for our society is the business or work part of computing. Lots of people @CAPS7 work from home every day, they have their own office. Most of them have created their own companies. Another reason is that many people also use "@CAPS4 @CAPS5" or publisher. @PERCENT1 People who work in public businesses do this, with advertising, when can or for other reasons. But then again, you can @CAPS7 pay your bills online! I remember when I was helping my mom pay her bills online and let me tell you, "@CAPS6 it's easy!". My mom says she often @CAPS6 @CAPS7 she knows how to use @CAPS6! "@CAPS7 The business side should be enough, I can convince you. My last reason is all research on all things important. Some of the important things are: online catalogs, news and another one of the most important of all job openings Thing. I know myself and I love shopping! So I didn't leave home, just went to the online catalog of my favorite store called "@CAPS8". The main reason I go online is because they have more variety and sizes. @CAPS7 News , it's all b/ci my parents don't watch the news. Finally, job vacancy @CAPS7 I'm @NUM1 and I want to get a job, even if it's minimum wage. @CAPS6 still has it, right? This should be A high-priced reason to agree! At @CAPS9, I think my @NUM2 reasons are pretty clear; school work, business, and all research. If those reasons don't convince you, I don't know what!?
Dear newspaper, @CAPS1 a family. Just an ordinary family whose lives have been changed by computers. They are overweight and often suffer from fatigue, loneliness, natural deprivation and laziness. However, if they just turned off the computer, the results might have been different. They may be healthy. Healthy, energetic, radiant, hardworking people, if they stop spending hours a day at the computer. While there are some positive PCs it can be dramatic. They isolate you from friends and family, they rob you of the natural beauty around you, and most importantly, they @MONTH1 make you overweight or even obese. Friends and family are two very important things in everyone's life, even if you don't realize it. By using computers instead of interacting with them, you are the connection you have. @MONTH1's computer will let you self-isolate. They can lead to your relationship with your . Unfortunately, friendship can. "Spending too much time on my computer makes me... lonely," says @PERSON1, @NUM1, @CAPS2, by using a computer you are doing yourself a favor. A computer can rob you of the nature around you. You will most likely be on your computer instead of going out. Instead of spending countless hours at the computer, you can participate in a sport or activity. By participating in a sport, you can improve your hand-eye coordination far more than if you did On the computer. Don't you want to play volleyball, basketball, swimming or even play with your friends instead of sitting in front of your computer? I know I will! The obesity rate in this country will increase if people keep using computers .You'll be excited about @PERCENT1 for lack of exercise. Computers can ruin your life by increasing your chances of becoming unhealthy overweight. So think about it now, do you want to be alone, overweight and deprived of nature? I know I'm sure I won't t . Why use less computer! So how about time; let's raise awareness of the negative effects of computers together!
Dear local paper, I am here today to state my reasons for opposing the use of computers. My @NUM1 reason against using computers is negativity, like too many pop-ups on your own site, and then they'll be mini-ads like "@CAPS1 on me" "free trial". It's not good for kids to see when they use the computer. The second reason I'm against using a computer is who's online when you're on it. @NUM2 of @NUM3 use their computers every day and @NUM3 of @NUM5 chat with young girls and boys. They got old and then they said something. What I'm trying to say is that these people are called "@CAPS2". These people roam the internet day and night, trying to find little boys and girls. Like I said before, the computer doesn't work well. The purpose of the computer is to find information or play games, not other things. The last reason I have against computers is surveillance, a lot of parents don't watch their kids when they're using a computer, so most kids watch a lot of inappropriate websites or stuff they shouldn't be watching. That's their fight because they deserve to be locked up by their parents there. In conclusion, basically what I'm trying to say is that computers can be dangerous sometimes because you don't always know what you're clicking on, and you can @CAPS1 the wrong thing and end up on a website you don't want to. So just have my opinion, maybe you can understand what I'm trying to say. thanks.
Statistics show that every year more and more people are not exercising and are talking to their friends on Facebook or my space or something like that on the computer. Will people go out more, or will they sit and type? This is @CAPS1 More and more people are using computers, but not everyone agrees that it's good for society. Those who technically support advasas believe that computers have a positive impact on people's lives. Well, I @CAPS2 believe it has no positive effect on people. My reason is that people who use computers a lot will get fat if you don't exercise, if you put your name and address on the computer they are @CAPS3 you will be kidnapped or murdered, my last reason is that you don't spend your money May spend more time with family. @LOCATION1's obesity rate is up at least @PERCENT1 because people don't get exercise and spend a lot of time on the computer @CAPS4. "They're mean to people who don't get the workout they need," said nothinka. "@CAPS5 people love the internet, but people don't know they're @CAPS5 bad guys, they want your info." @CAPS6 As you can see, I @CAPS2 believe it's a smart idea if you write about technology. Because @ORGANIZATION1 America is obese and @CAPS8 safe, now or never you write this, it may blow your mind @ORGANIZATION1 doll @CAPS6 get out @ORGANIZATION1 your @CAPS9 pick up your pencil and write. @CAPS5 People think computers are fun, yes, but you're not rethinking what you're doing. You should be @NUM1 pounds a day, then @NUM2 pounds. @CAPS6 Remember, it wouldn't be a bad thing if you wrote an article about it.
@CAPS1, @CAPS1 Boom, boom! Those are the sounds of pinball on my computer. @CAPS2! Yes, we won". Those are noises you don't want to hear all day long. Always on your computer is bad for your health. @CAPS5 You're a computer freak you'll get overweight and it's bad for your eyes Harmful, and you can't enjoy the beauty of nature." @CAPS3 Do you want to be so heavy that you can't even get out of bed? I do not think so. @CAPS5 You're always sitting at a computer desk, then you probably are. The doctor at @PERCENT1 said @CAPS5 you won't get fat if you don't get up from your computer desk! Obesity is bad for your health. It could take a few years. @CAPS5 You want health and longevity, you need to get up from your computer and exercise. â€œ@CAPS4 I think I need a stronger guy, my eyes are getting worse! @CAPS5 This happened to you because your eyes were on a computer screen all day. @PERSON1 said, â€œ@CAPS5 you After using the computer all the time, you need glasses or something stronger. "@CAPS6 and kids need to stay away from their computers. Research shows that more adults use computers, play games than children. Have fresh, healthy eyes, stay away from computers. Your cold is in your right ear. Sunshine for you The most beautiful tan. @CAPS3 Do you like the sound like this? Get your computer out. This is the amazing experience you can get from the outdoors. @CAPS5 You sit in front of your computer screen and maybe you can see other people enjoying Wonderful, relaxing experience you deserve. Get up, get active, get out and about. It's time to get up off your computer. @CAPS5 You haven't learned yet, computers are an unhealthy thing for humans. Like me, Get your computer's id. You need to stay healthy and most importantly stay active. Have good eyes and enjoy nature. Don't use a computer."
Currently, there is an ongoing debate about whether computers are good for society. It has been said that computers enable Internet conversations between friends, while computers transmit information about distant places and people. However, I tend to think that a computer is not necessary. People spend most of their time on the computer, reducing exercise time. Not many people pay attention to nature, instead of chatting with friends online, why not meet them in the park? Many people who use computers lower their metabolism. This is one of the reasons why @LOCATION1.A has the highest obesity rate in the world. Also, the less you exercise, the less fit you are, the more pairs you receive, and the more tense you feel if your muscles aren't moving. If we continue to lack exercise as @CAPS1, then we're less likely to be in the future. It's not hard to know how much attention people pay to computers when there are endangered species in nature? Panda! Polar bears, different types of whales and other creatures all need our help in dealing with this extinction. Unfortunately, most of our attention is on computers, considering that as humans we make things possible, we should help generations of creatures in need survive. Maybe we @MONTH1 would know more about these creatures if we took time off our computers. Maybe we will find nature more interesting. Why do we have text messages on our computers if we have the ability to talk to our friends in the park? We enjoy freedom of speech at @LOCATION1. Our family needs help occasionally, but sometimes we're not there. While reducing our social lives, our computer time is becoming more and more important and is distracting from the things that matter most. In conclusion, computer time, you have to think about what you can do for nature, your health, and your family and friends.
Dear editor, I have heard about my progress in technical disputes. I would say to them, I think it does benefit our society. I think it's because: you can communicate with friends, they can help you with school, and are a reliable resource you need to find. Read on so I can explain my why. Computers and technology benefit us in many ways. One of the moms can let you talk to your friends. Computers provide you with an easy and fast way to communicate with others. Instead of sending a boring letter and it takes a long time to get there, you can connect with friends you haven't seen in a while. I remember when my friend moved to @LOCATION1. It would take me there forever, so I went online and talked to him. Also, in the end, it reduces your hands. Now read on for my second reason. My second reason. A computer is a thing to look for at many different times. You can find them all online in ten minutes. In fifth grade, I had to do this really tough project. I checked the book @NUM1 days and found it. But then found everything I needed to know in half an hour. In the end, they were more successful. If you go on @ORGANIZATION2 you can find hundreds on one topic. easy right? New reasons to read. My last and strongest reason is that technology can help you find just about anything in your everyday life. A computer can help you find your way. They supermarket for you. They can help with anything. One year I went on vacation to @LOCATION2. My mom moved. So lost help. No, if we were different, there was the nevir pickel. Would you be more confident if you had? The computer can also find places for you and your friends or family to have fun, just as it can find places you've never heard of. For example @ORGANIZATION1. That's all it needs now. So, as you can see, technology has greatly benefited our society. Mainly for these three reasons: you can communicate with your friends, they help you in school, and they are a reliable source of life for everyone. I hope you like this. Please use this information as your next one. Thank you for your time and for reading my paper.
In my opinion, I think computers can help people. It helps them get the information @MONTH1 needs. It also helps to learn a lot.
I believe that computers have a strong negative impact on society, but also a stronger positive impact. Computers are so advanced these days that they allow you to talk to your friends, allow you to access information more efficiently, and increase our manpower in scientific research. Almost every teen has a screen name that allows you to chat with friends online. This feature keeps kids connected and active. While instant messaging can be a distraction from kids' everyday lives, it can also be surprisingly helpful. Just last week, a friend of mine forgot to write down their homework and was easily reachable online. I was able to let them know @NUM1 in seconds. It's also sensible that with this online communication you can also talk and video chat as if you were right there with your friends instead of every day you can hang out with your friends so it's a simple choose. Not only is it fast and easy, but it's free. Computers keep kids away from their phones, avoid increasing bills and cause those loud annoying phone bill conversations, how to limit your texting. The most important impact of computers on society is the collection of information. The internet allows people to access millions of websites at the speed of light. Every second of their day is someone searching the internet for a date they have to go to the library to get. Computers are a critical part of society and without them we would be dependent on them and we would all be lost. They provide the simpler way of life our lazy @CAPS1 needs to survive. The internet has allowed us to keep track of what's going on around the world without having to go there. We need the internet, we can't access it without a computer. One of the biggest aspects of life computers helping us is research. Computers have multiplied our manpower, giving us more organized ways to store dates. I was watching a show recently and they had a computer to test the @CAPS2 project, a process that would take a few weeks. They also help us become different and more creative people. With the advent of computers, computers became smaller and more compact until they could fit in the palm of our hand. They make us think we can do bigger things in life to keep our planet safe and stop doing too much damage to it. They lead us into uncharted territories of the world that a scientist with a stack of papers wouldn't even dare to think about @NUM2 years ago. Computers connect the world through communication and information, and have brought us to greater heights in our understanding of how we came to be. The entire society needs computers, and they have an overwhelmingly positive impact on society.
Many computers that people own use it every day, right? Most of them do it from get off work or from school to bed. I think they should find some other activity to do instead of sitting at the computer for six hours and not doing nothing about their life and when you look at the computer for a long time you mess up your vision. Why spend the whole day in front of a computer when you can go outside for some fresh air? Why would you play a computer when you have family and friends to spend time with and care for? You don't want to be lazy and don't want to do anything for yourself. You want to be able to go for a walk and not be locked into your computer at home. Why would you play on a computer when you can go out to eat or have fun at a place you've always wanted to be in your life? You can't always rely on a computer when you want to go out and explore new things, you have to try it yourself to really understand the whole thing. You don't want to live a boring life now, do you? Because that's what it looks like when you sit in front of your computer every day looking at a bunch of @NUM1 - because you want to do what you want and have fun doing what you love. Finding a job or planning a trip on a computer is not easy because you have to click a lot of numbers or pictures to throw where you want to go, looking for better and other things to do when you can go and do it yourself.
Dear @PERSON2 - @CAPS1, I strongly advise people not to spend too much time on the computer because of the time they spend on it. People do better things like exercise or spend more time with family and friends. Both of these things are good for people's mind and body, and more useful later in life. Please consider the following on why it would be more beneficial @CAPS2 People don't spend too much time on the computer. First and foremost, exercising is a great alternative to sitting in front of a computer screen. A recent study by @ORGANIZATION3 and @ORGANIZATION1 found that the average person spends five hours a day on the computer. By cutting out at least some of these hours @ORGANIZATION1, people will be able to make time for more exercise in their daily lives. Also, @PERSON3 of @ORGANIZATION4 said "@PERCENT1 @ORGANIZATION1 people are not exercising enough in @LOCATION1 alone." @CAPS2 takes up some free time on the computer and people reward themselves by taking care of @ORGANIZATION1 their bodies. Also, I tried a week without the computer, which was a great experience, because in that free time I learned how to do backflips in gymnastics. There are so many possibilities for exercising @CAPS2, people don't use their computers very often. Second, @CAPS2 people don't spend as much time on the computer, they gain experience with more social skills. For example, @PERSON1 of @ORGANIZATION5 said "@CAPS2 people spend time with family and friends and they gain the social skills they need later in life." A study by @ORGANIZATION2 shows that spending three hours or more on a computer The social, language and quick thinking skills of short-term people are up to @PERCENT2. Spending time with people's family and friends instead of @ORGANIZATION1 on the computer is very rewarding. I try to spend at least three hours a day with family and friends and have a good relationship with them. Obviously, it's better to spend less time on the computer and more time exercising or spending time with family and friends. Someone @MONTH1 said that people can talk to people online, so it's a social skill, but actually people get better social skills from human interaction because they have to use quick thinking and emotions too. All in all, I firmly believe that spending less time on the computer is the best way to keep your mind and body healthy. Thank you for considering my opinion.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3 recently brought to my attention that computers have been affecting people's daily lives. I agree with this because of our fat country. More people need to exercise more, interact with friends, and enjoy things that don't involve technology. Some people are just super glued to the computer, but let's see if @CAPS3 starts to wear out after this paper. Many people spend too much on the computer and spend less time exercising or exercising. With rising obesity rates in more and more states, people need to start spending more time exercising and less time at the computer. Yes, you @MONTH1 said I would be on a diet! Diets don't always work, and many people get used to them. Even a simple one-hour walk with your dog is better than lazily browsing the web. You can even join @MONEY1's local gym each month if you want. Buttle the only way this can happen is if you want to. Now that you know how to solve your problem, let's get started! More people need to interact with friends than use a computer. Interacting with friends or family will help them socialize better. Yes, maybe your friends and family are hungry when you go out with your friends, and you will most likely have more fun than exercising on the computer. Interacting with friends and family will help you be more social later in life and be prepared for any job interview to reduce your stress. In the end, it's a good thing to enjoy things that don't involve technology, because a lot of people don't have that much fun in the real world. You have to satisfy @CAPS3 for fun. This can be solved by inviting a friend to go on a trip with ypu or taking a moment to enjoy yourself. Our doors and nature are made up of many beautiful and awesome things; but the only way to achieve this identity is to have fun outside or discover what a great trip is. In conclusion, many people's lives are being manipulated by computers that are disrupting their daily lives. But maybe because of these simple tricks; excring more, by the soul.
@ORGANIZATION1, I firmly believe we need computers. Computers are very useful, they are an important part of the world to learn very interesting facts, and they also allow people to talk online. After reading my letter, I hope you agree with me. First of all, computers are important because as our world becomes more and more technological, computers are required for almost every job, and you would want people to know how to use them. Police use computers to find wanted criminals and put criminals into computers to keep them on file. Schools use computers every day for children to give reports, look up information and do homework. As a student, I know that kids use computers all the time. For example @TIME1 I use my computer to do my math homework assigned by my teacher. After you read my letter, I hope you will agree with me. Second, you have the ability to study places around the world. Another great thing about a computer is that you can look up news and update everything that's going on right now. Computers are great because if you don't like writing, you have a computer, and if you're a good and fast type, you can do it even faster. I use the computer to write all my papers and book reports for @LOCATION1, and I also use it to check the news to see what's going on in the world. And finally computers, because they allow you to talk to people online. You can email them or chat with them via webcam. Online chat is great for keeping in touch with friends from afar, or even asking friends about their homework for the evening. For the reasons I just listed, I like to use the webcam because on my birthday my sister can't come home from college, so we hooked up some webcams so she could be there when we opened our presents and sang happy birthday over there. After you read my letter, I hope you will agree with me. I hope I've convinced you that computers are important and why we use them the way they are, because computers are so useful, they allow you to learn interesting facts, and they allow you to talk to people online.
The use of computers has been increasing since the invention of the personal computer. While computers have some benefits, like doing research and interacting with people, @CAPS1 has more bad than good when it comes to computing. Computers have had a negative impact on the way people live outside the "virtual world". @CAPS1 People end up being overweight or obese by spending too much time in a computer chair and not enough time outside to exercise. People also tend to interact on their computers with people they don't talk to or know in the world at all. People also give personal information to people they don't know, which brings me to my second point. Theft happens every day across the globe, whether it's robbing a bank, a store, or even someone's identity. Computer use may result in @CAPS1 theft. Some people hack into people's bank accounts with all your personal information and withdraw any amount they like. All the information of millions of people is online for anyone to see, which is very dangerous. This is another disadvantage of computers. The last thing I would say is all the costs that come with computers. @CAPS1 People have to spend a lot of money on glasses because they are looking at the computer almost all the time. Some even have to pay for rehabilitation. Some people are actually so addicted to the internet that they have to pay thousands of dollars to get back to their health. As you can see, @CAPS1 has more disadvantages than advantages when it comes to computers. All of these things can happen to you, so I recommend that you don't use a computer.
Can a computer hurt your destiny? I don't think computers can help you in many careers? If you say good to you. It's what you want and don't need. So make their arguments. Well since a computer keeps you away from exercising, they're good for you, so the more time you have. The more you put. You get addicted, so you have a computer that can help, but it can't, but most importantly it can't. I mean, if you're a business person, you're going to need one. But if you can do everything you can before you know it, your day is over. And you know it's your right to leave it, nothing to be rude. What to do now to get you back on the computer. Why hang out when you can chat online? I would tell your dad anything you go to and arrange for a couple to have a snack, they you have more and more food, you they you go swimming, your fat goes to all your friends. What a workout gets you surprised at work. For us, because of that addicting computer. So your friends will notice the miracle. What happened to them next you said. "I guess too much on my computer, and being fat for a lack of exercise and unhealthy eating. Then they invite you to do activities. You've recently returned to your six-pack sexy self. You feel good about yourself now. You're hot and not surprised life is fine, but the computer you don't need just go on with what you have to do, not what you want to do. If you want to chat with your friends, go somewhere. Fun instead of There is no life at home. That's why you should use technology only when necessary so your body stays fit and in shape, like you want your body to be, like you need your body to be!
Dear local paper, this ear is all about computers. Computers @CAPS1 have a bonus. It increases hand-eye coordination, speaking skills and simple knowledge. My first paragraph @CAPS1 on hand-eye coordination. This @CAPS1 is an important skill as it helps with body movements such as the hands. Research shows that @NUM1 in @NUM2 improves hand-eye coordination. It also helps kids @CAPS1, which stimulates nerves in the hands and brain of kids who have had surgery on their hands. Research last year showed that @PERCENT1 kids improved hand movement faster than usual treatment. Second. The importance of computers has always been communication like email or goals. This @CAPS1 is great for pen pals as it saves time and money replying to emails, and since @CAPS1 doesn't have a mailing place, when you email them, there's a quick reply. This will also help those who are shy. A study shows that @PERCENT2 shy kids improve their conversation skills at school. Most conversational skills will also help today's children feel confident. Finally, the computer @CAPS1 is a useful knowledge tool. Most books will be harder to find because @CAPS1 always has extra information that @CAPS1 doesn't need and takes longer to find. Using a computer, all you need to do is @CAPS1 to enter the information you're looking for. "@CAPS1 can easily cause a stir," Time magazine said. This is a good review. However, in school, there are some helpful tips to make it easier to find bookmarks, and you can find them faster because everything @CAPS1 does @CAPS1 goes to bookmarks and finds websight and clicks, just That's all. In conclusion, ecra for computers is becoming more and more popular. The benefits of computers are hand-eye coordination, conversational skills, etc., which are easier to master.
Dear newspaper, I disagree with the empty computer, I think it's just a waste of money and a waste of time for the kids. That would be kids getting fat, kids never wanting to go out, they would want to play video games and eat junk food. If you stay on the computer for too long it will give your eyes a week and it will bring you cans sometimes and you may die from the cans or you may get really sick and not die and you will go through NUM1 years sickness. Most kids stay on the computer and play stupid games, they never go out, they stay around for days and never go out and play with their friends there. When they get tired of the games there, they'll want to try hanging out with their friends there, but they can't, they'll get fat and slow. My aunt died from computer use, she had brain cancer, she died, she lived with cancer for @NUM2 years. I feel so sorry for my cousin who had to watch his mother die because she used a working computer every day. Therefore, I declare that the computer should not be used for more than @NUM2 hours per day
Dear newspaper, I disagree that computers are important to people because they have research, online universities and online stores. These are my top @NUM1 reasons and I'll give more details. My first major idea was that computers help students find important information Help students find important information about projects. You can help find information about the battle of @LOCATION1 and other important histories on Wikipedia. An example is when I went to American History.com to find good information about @CAPS1 Alley @CAPS2 and what happened there. People also look up a lot about schools. You can get research on Earth and what's going on. My second main thought is that computers are good for people, and when you finish high school, you can go to college. Some colleges can be found on the Internet, and you can go to college at home with a computer. An example is my cousin. She goes to college on the internet because she has to take care of her two children. Whenever you watch TV, you see ads for online colleges because they try to tell you to go to school online. My third and final reason why computers are good for you is that some stores have an online store where you can see what they have in store. Kids love shopping, but they can't go to malls or stores because you don't want to. Instead of going to a store, you can let them see what they want and buy it online. It can be delivered to your door without having to go anywhere. My mom sometimes orders from @CAPS3.C @CAPS4 so she doesn't have to go there. It will be shipped to our house in less than a week. My @NUM1 main reason is that people should own a computer. They can find research, online schools, and online shopping stores. This can help people understand computers.
Dear @CAPS1 News Editor, @CAPS2, my name is @PERSON1, and I would like to ask you to write an article about the impact of computers on people. For the past @NUM1 years or so, computers have been technical projects. They allow people to learn many new skills, get important work done, and even socialize! However, some experts believe that people spend a lot of time on the computer, people become less active or healthy as a result, and. Everyone wants to be healthy. While computers are fun and useful, can they negatively impact society? @PERCENT1 in @CAPS3 has been employed since @DATE1, and as that number falls, more work needs to be done to keep jobs and even keep businesses open. With a work (or school) computer, more work can be done, with programs like @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS4 people can enter reports, and with programs like @CAPS5, @ORGANIZATION2 and iCalculator workers can be faster Taxes are calculated locally, so they have more hours to work. Some people are doing stocks, and these days, stocks can be good or bad, so you need to keep up! You can visit stock websites and control your buying and selling without incurring increased phone bills by calling a broker. Laptops make work possible! Computers teach many of the skills you need to know on the job, and others that you @MONTH1 will need time for in life. You can learn typing, working procedures, and programming, all of which are required for some jobs. Computers improve math skills and hand-eye coordination! You can read your favorite book by scanning it online! Now you @MONTH1 wondering why not pick up an actual book? Well, you can't scan online, some are free! Computers don't just teach skills and jobs, they're fun too! Between @CAPS6, twitter, email, googleBUZZ, mySpace, ooVoo, skype and gamesradar, there are many ways to chat with friends and meet new people. On @CAPS6 I can chat with @NUM2 people anytime! Why not talk to real people? You ask, the answer is simple, maybe it's a lazy @DATE2 and no one wants to go out anywhere, or maybe your friends want to talk before bed. Talking to real people is important, but it can't be done all the time! Online gaming has become a sensation! Not only @NUM3, @NUM4 and @CAPS8, but @CAPS9 and @CAPS10 can also "game"! With so many people playing the game right now, if you don't, you're missing out on a great experience. Some people think gaming is a waste of time, but the same can be said for any indoor leisure activity, everyone needs a fun activity they can do anytime! Also, everyone loves to have fun! Some people think that technology is turning @LOCATION1 into the absurd notion of a fat, lifeless loser, but on the contrary, you can socialize and meet new people online. People (like myself) can balance computer and gaming with exercise and exercise. With a computer, you can do your job efficiently and learn new skills! Computers are positive if used properly. I hope you enjoyed this article, thanks for reading.
Dear Sir, I believe that computers are good for society. Using a computer has many benefits. You can chat with people online via instant messaging, which is more reliable than a phone or cell phone. A lot of times people don't answer the phone when you need it. Using a computer, you can send messages from your computer to your personal cellular device. You can learn a lot from the computer, like things about the world, people all over the world, you can learn things from the internet that your teacher can't even teach you. Then you can learn and expand your knowledge. This is a problem if you're exercising more than you do on the computer, but with today's technology, you can get your workout volume while using the computer. You can play its music while you are exercising, what movie is playing while you are running on the treadmill. Although people exercise and use the computer in multiple ways at the same time. So there are ups and downs, but in the end, no matter how many computers you use, you can exercise at the same time, which is why I think having a computer today is a benefit.
More recently, there has been an ongoing debate about whether computers are good for society. While each party has its own reasons, computers do have a positive impact on people and society. Computers are beneficial in several ways. Through the use of computers, you have the ability to research and understand foreign and local places, you can communicate with others and help people with everyday tasks. In everyone's life, you need to know about local and even foreign places. It is completely unrealistic for a person to travel to every place they need to know. That's where computers come in. Via the internet, you can research everything from @LOCATION3's staple diet all the way to @LOCATION1's New Year's Day. You can learn about things from the comfort of your home or hometown. I remember one time in @NUM1 grade I had to do a research project on @LOCATION2. By using the computer, I learned everything I needed to know, and a few more. This project was a no-brainer and I got full marks. Plus, you can learn about upcoming events in your local area and the world around you. During childhood, every child has many questions, some of which their parents may not be able to answer. Using a computer is a quick and easy way to get these answers. Computers help educate people's minds, without them we might know nothing. Communicating with people on the other side of the world is difficult. Mailing a letter can take weeks to reach the recipient. Computers provide us with an instant way to communicate with others, whether they are locally or remotely. Last year, my uncle moved to @LOCATION3 to work. I have never met him. We communicated with each other through the computer, and when he came home for Christmas, we were as close to each other as he was before work. Computers keep our relationships healthy, and I don't think it would be without them. Scientists say all @PERCENT1s in @CAPS1 have communicated with someone via computer at least once. They also said that @PERCENT2 of these people often uses this form of communication. Although we still use the phone and "shall mail", I don't believe our society would not be able to socialize without usable computers. Every day, computers are helping people get through their days with the least amount of problems. People can get work done faster, giving people more time to do the things that matter most and interact with their families. Without a computer, day-to-day business would take about twice as long, leaving less time for the fun things in life. My neighbor @PERSON1 said: "@CAPS2 and banking is very time consuming. I don't know if I would be able to handle it without the ability to do online banking." In addition to filming and filming, a computer can help you with everything from shopping All the work to the job in order to find the perfect phone company for your new business. Having the ability to shop and browse online can reduce the time it takes to arrive, walk, and check out, allowing you to relax and unwind for the rest of the day. Typing also gives you hand-eye coordination, without it you wouldn't be able to do everyday things like opening doors and exercising outdoors with your kids, using a computer helps people live their lives more easily and efficiently, I even do Can't imagine life without them. Computers benefit the people of society in every possible way. By helping them gain knowledge, purify and strengthen relationships through constant communication skills, and help make their daily lives easier, they have a purely positive impact on people around the world. Computers have a great impact on people and should continue to be used in everyday society.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1, you know that more than half of the world's students use computers to study. I don't think people spend a lot of time on the computer. Even if they are learning to catch up with the learning of an old friend. Here are some reasons why I think computers have a good influence on people. Most children use computers to understand what they are doing in class. They also use computers to study a country or a person they are reporting on. There are also some games on the computer that can help you learn math. Now to my second reason. You can also use your computer to send emails to distant friends, and you can use things like facebook to find distant friends. You can also use the camera to video chat with friends, or if you're a business person, you can video chat with customers across the country. Now to my third and final reason. Computers also have applications like microsoft word that allow you to type things like a thesis or term paper without having to write them out manually. If you need to make a slideshow for your project, there is also an app that lets you make a slideshow. There is also an app that lets you paint or draw pictures. That's some of the reasons why I think computers have a good influence on people. The world would be very different if we didn't have computers, just as kids couldn't search for items or type. And you won't be able to keep in touch with the person who moved. Also, you won't be able to make power points for the project. That's why I think computers have a good influence on people.
Dear: @CAPS1 @CAPS2 I think the computer is one of the most @CAPS3 inventions ever made. They help educate everything @CAPS4 and travel is @CAPS4. It helps education because @CAPS5 always uses computers to help kids learn important information. For example, if we have to learn something, there are websites dedicated to learning. There are also websites that teach young children how to read or write. Today, almost every @CAPS5 has a computer. Some @CAPS5 even give kids computers so they can use it to learn. @PERCENT1 in @CAPS5 in @CAPS7.S uses computers more than textbooks and gets high marks. That's why computers help education. The second reason is that it generally makes everything @CAPS4. For example, instead of writing a paper for school, spend hours out of your hands finding it full of misspelled words. Instead, you can type quickly and use spell check. I've never heard anyone say computers don't have life @CAPS4. Another example is if you have to find some information about your new dog. Instead of taking a few minutes to go to your library. You can simply turn on your internet, then search it and find the information you need in seconds. That's why computers do all the @CAPS4 stuff. The last reason is that. Travel is such a no computer without it you have to go and buy a ticket. In fact, I don't even remember what it's like to be online @CAPS9 without a computer, all you have to do is go to the parts website and from there you can easily go everywhere, but also mail each other. I haven't posted in years Passed @CAPS8 card. Instead, I @CAPS9 email. It's faster, @CAPS4, and more reliable. That's why travel people and mail are @CAPS4. By and large, a computer is one of the most useful things ever, and as technology gets upgraded every day, it will even be @CAPS4 to do things. Too many computers suck though, and people don't @CAPS9 interact with the internet. Computer games come in handy almost all the time. That's why I think the computer is @CAPS3.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1. There is a lot of discussion and debate about computers and whether they are good for society. I believe it does benefit society. One reason is because you can communicate with others. Another reason is that they have a lot to do on these computers and even the World Wide Web. Having a computer is always convenient. You can chat with friends or web chat. This time I found an old friend of @LOCATION1 I haven't seen in five years online. Whenever I get home from school, I turn on my computer and chat with all my friends. A computer is a great place to make plans or communicate with some friends. The next reason why I want to benefit society is that they have too much to do. It's like a family amusement park. The Internet is a wonderful thing. Either do housework or play games. Even some @ORGANIZATION1 I would just sit for two or three hours and play a game. However, I still exercise every day. Yes, computers can be addicting, but it's always good to get out and exercise. Lots of people say @PERCENT1 over @CAPS1. Population has a computer and @PERCENT2 checks email or turns on the computer every ten minutes. Yes, it's not healthy, it's their differences. In the end, I believe that computers are indeed beneficial. I have stated many reasons. For example, they are great for chatting with some friends or @CAPS2, they still have a lot to do. So if you don't have a computer, go out and buy one. They will be worth your madness.
Dear Newspaper @CAPS1, The average American uses a computer at least once a day @CAPS2 Machines define society where people can easily learn about distant places, study without having to carry heavy books and papers, chat with people all over the country and sometimes the world . First, computers can teach you everything about the world without having to go to the library to read books. Free sites like wikapedia provide quick knowledge and most things, you can use the @CAPS2 site for essays, travel planning, just for your needs curious some people think computers @CAPS13 people come from exercising and enjoying nature, but computers promote exercise and Going out to see nature Computers provide quick and easy access to travel agents as well as information on popular tourist areas, for whatever reason, they also bring with them advertising sites for gyms and the idea of working out at home, computers don't get in the way of exercise and nature walks, they allow @CAPS6 is easier to do. But computers also make other things easier, @CAPS3 can make it a lot easier with a computer, @CAPS4 can haul a heavy book, @CAPS5 can carry a small laptop; @CAPS5 can also @CAPS13 worry about tracking papers. Everything can be saved to a laptop. Computer organizes files so even messy students can stay organized, another advantage is that anything typed on the computer is neat and easy to understand @CAPS9 Some handwriting, how @ORGANIZATION2 in @ORGANIZATION1 is using laptops to simplify school Example. Every @CAPS5 has a book that uses @CAPS4, "@CAPS6 is much easier" says one student. @CAPS3 is very difficult for some types. Computers can make @CAPS6 simpler. My last argument is that people can use chat sites to talk to anyone. If someone has distant cousin countries, they can still keep in touch @CAPS6 is Sam of moving friends. @CAPS10-mail is much faster than @CAPS7 @CAPS8 postman sends @CAPS10 mail from one person to another almost instantaneously password protected and there are other sites for socializing, @CAPS11 messages are also used for people to talk to each other , which can help people learn about cultures in other cities, @CAPS12 sometimes even different countries, @CAPS2 sites can help bridge the gap between cultures, they can help get videos of racism, they can help make the world a better place. Computers make our communities better, they allow us to see faraway places, make it easier for @CAPS6 to enjoy @CAPS3, allow us to talk to other people from almost anywhere, so, @CAPS13 anything about, you will realize Computers @CAPS14 are good for our society.
Computers are the future. Computers are the best technology we have ever created. They allow us to improve our hand-eye coordination, understand distant people and places, and what's going on with our friends. Computers have improved our hand-eye coordination, and typing is a great way to improve this important skill because it doesn't look or know which buttons are where. Using a mouse can also be improved by moving a digital mouse by hand. This improves foster care writing because you are moving the friend in your hand, just like moving a mouse or typing. This can also help with driving because you can't look at the steering wheel, you have to stare at the word, and in order to do that, you know best how you're moving the steering wheel. Computers can help with hand-eye coordination, which can help with writing and driving, typing and moving a mouse. Computers can increase our knowledge of distant places and people. There are many cultures and we can learn about all of them from the comfort of our home. We can also learn about nature at home. Learning about different cultures can teach us a lot. Like what kind of clothes they wear, what food they eat, where they live, where they live. This allows us to change our own culture by taking inspiration from others. Learning about new places can help broaden awareness of other places in the world that can bring vacations . Finally, computers allow us to surf the web with friends sitting in chairs. Chat, email, and video chat are all great ways to interact. Using a webcam, you can even see other people as if you were here face to face with them. You can also email important files such as pictures, documents and even videos. This can help someone's work. In conclusion, computers can teach us about hand-eye coordination, they can teach us about distant places and people, and let us interact and share with our friends. Computers are a very important part of my life.
Dear @CAPS1, More and more people are using computers, but not everyone agrees that it is good for society. Those who support technological progress believe that computers have a positive impact on people like me. They teach hand-eye coordination, allow people to understand distant places and people, and they even allow people to talk to other people online. I'll tell you why we should benefit these computers. The first reason is that computers teach hand-eye coordination. You can learn how to type fast. How can you hit a ball with a bat and how can you catch a ball with your hands if you don't have hands and eyes? The second reason is that you can learn about distant places and people. Like we are in @LOCATION1, we want to know about @LOCATION3 or we're in France, we want to know about Germans, please check, we don't go all the way there, just to see Germans we check. Now think about it, you joked about flying there and coming back the same day. The last thing is that you can talk to anyone you want online, from Africa to America, all the way to @LOCATION2. So you see that computers are really special because you see that it's not right that you don't want to write a million things to someone, so we need computers.
Dear @PERSON1, @CAPS1, you know @PERCENT1 in @CAPS2 spends a lot of time on their computer. I believe people should spend more time outside with their families. This will definitely lead to brain problems, hard to see, and most importantly, death. First, some people have problems with their brains because they use the computer so much. When they go out with their family, they think of their computer. People spend a lot of time on the computer non-stop. In a recent survey, teens use computers the longest. Most people have no life outside the computer room. Most ophthalmologists get calls from parents. They are concerned that it is difficult for their children/children to see. I interviewed an ophthalmologist and this is what he had to say, "I have a kid who came to the @CAPS3 office with the worst vision". When he asked the child's mother why she couldn't see clearly, she said: "@CAPS3 Son spends an average of three and a half hours on the computer." The child must get a special pair of glasses so he can see better. These glasses are really expensive. I have read a lot about the use of computers by children and adults. They've burned their brains a lot from using computers. Their brains tell them to do illegal things. For example: breaking into houses, killing people, and firing cars for high sums. I heard of a kid who used the computer so much that he started killing people and was shot by the police. The more people die from computer use, the higher the death toll. Now or never will there be friends at @CAPS3 working together to reduce the amount of time we use our computers. I'm sure nobody wants to be part of the death toll unless we really have to. Time to go out and have fun with the family. They miss the time with you. So drop your ass and get out there. But wait, make sure you shut down your computer so you don't get back on it.
For @CAPS1, I've heard recently that some people think that computers are not good for society. However, I disagree with this. First, it allows children and adults to learn about distant places and other things. Also, it allows family and friends to connect with other family and friends. Finally, it's a form of entertainment for a day when you can't go out. Some people may disagree with me. However, I believe that computers do not waste thought. I think computers are good for society and the world as a whole. First, computers allow children and adults to learn about distant places and other things. People, professors, historians, and highly educated people, discover and learn about things every day. This means that every day someone can learn something every day in their life. When I research an important figure in history, I learn something I never learned in school. Computers are the best way for people to make the information they learn available to others to see and understand each other, and these are limitless learning opportunities for everyone who owns a computer. You won't believe what you can learn on a computer. In addition, computers allow family and friends to keep in touch with other family and friends far away. If there is a computer, your family moves to another place. There is no effective way to keep in touch with them. The computer allows you to send email to your home computer or cell phone. A computer is the best way to stay close to family members, even if they are far away. My brother is at @LOCATION1 and every day when I get home I turn on my computer and video chat with him. Without a computer, I can't chat with my brother. Finally, computers can provide a form of entertainment on rainy days. Certain software gives people the opportunity to create games and publish them online to the public. When I can't go out because of the weather, I turn on my computer and play video games. Games are with me. I can never play online multiplayer with other people. Some games are also educational. These games teach you different things about history.
Dear @LOCATION4 @ORGANIZATION2, The computer is a great invention, but people are starting to dislike it. On the other hand, I believe that computers have a positive impact on people. First of all, they are a great way for kids to have fun: @CAPS1, people can learn very interesting facts. Finally, it's a great way to communicate with friends and family. These are a few reasons why I think computers have a positive impact on people. Playing games on a computer in the first place can be a lot of fun. Computers save many of us money. For example, if you buy a gaming system, it will cost far more than @MONEY1, but on your computer you can find and play games for free. Not all games have to be like "@CAPS2 in @CAPS3" or "@CAPS2 in @CAPS5", they can be games about sports. Suppose a student breaks his leg and he likes to play football. Even with his broken leg, he can play football on the computer. People can @CAPS1 learn all kinds of facts directly from their computer. The most important thing for a computer is to learn new things. No one in @CAPS2 knows everything, but if everyone put what they know into a computer, then people can learn anything from them, I remember @CAPS6 my friend once told me about a guy named @PERSON2 people. I didn't know who he was, so my friends started laughing at me, @CAPS6 I got home I searched for him, and when I finished reading about him, I knew @PERSON2 better than my friends. If he has a question in class and our teacher can't answer, he/she always tells us either "@CAPS7" or "@CAPS8". They are both search engines. Not only can you learn a lot from computers, but you can also @CAPS1 communicate with people from different countries. What if @PERSON1 hadn't invented the telephone? How different will my life be now? In any case, most people use computers to communicate these days. Whether it's @CAPS9 or @CAPS10 or its @ORGANIZATION1 or @CAPS11 is a great way to connect with people. Using the phone to talk to people from different countries costs money, but using roputer is completely free. You might live in @LOCATION1 and chat with someone in @LOCATION5. You can live in @LOCATION2 and email someone in @LOCATION3. Use a computer to quickly and easily communicate anywhere. My family lives in @LOCATION6 and it costs twice as much to call there. @CAPS6 It's better for us to use computers because they can even see our fares via webcam. As you can see, the computer I know is not negative at all, it helps people around @CAPS2. They help kids play games that we can play. @CAPS1, it now teaches kids and adults all kinds of things. Finally, it's a good communication strategy. I want you to put these reasons in our local paper so everyone can see how computers can positively impact people.
Dear Newspapers @CAPS1, @CAPS2 Did you know that @CAPS3 more than @PERCENT1 have their own computers? Computers are one of the greatest technologies that are taking the country and the world by storm. As you probably know, I believe that computers have a positive impact on people. Computers teach hand-eye coordination and create the ability to learn and research quickly and efficiently. And don't forget the way they offer live chat. Have you ever played a game of baseball where you can't seem to just hit the ball? Well, it sounds like you need to work on your hand-eye coordinator. Research has shown that @PERCENT2 people who use computers have increased hands and eyes during activities such as sports or gaming. So if you use a computer, you're going to hit a home run, not a strikeout. After you win the baseball game, it's time to do your homework and guess what? Your teacher has assigned a project that is due tomorrow! Don't panic, go online! Computers help you study and research faster than going to the library to buy books. Say you need the birth date of Olympic gold medalist @PERSON1, google it! Finally, once you have the information, @CAPS2 is your source. OK, now that your homework is done, you want to talk to your friends about your plans for @DATE1. Computers offer a variety of ways to chat online. There are @CAPS4, @CAPS5, @CAPS6, woVoo, @CAPS7 and more. So you log into @CAPS7 and talk to your best friend. Now you are no longer bored. Computers are a great way to cut down on boredom, just by chatting with friends online, but you better get bad as soon as possible because you have @ORGANIZATION1 in the morning! As you can see, computers are integrated into our daily life. They are everywhere! I believe they are changing society, mostly for the better. They teach hand-eye coordination, help you research and study, and let you chat with friends. Also, if you don't have a computer yet, get one!
@ORGANIZATION1, in my opinion, I think computers are positive and can provide us humans with a lot of information. Although some people say that computers are sometimes used too much, computers help the world connect with relatives and family around the world, work discovery in different countries and states, and understand the world in general. I'll explain to you why I think computers are positive for humans. First of all, I would say that not everyone's family and friends live close together. They @MONTH1 live on the other side of the world. That's why we have webcams and chat on computers. Without webcams, who can expect us to see our family among our friends? Well, yes, we have cell phones, but not everyone can afford them. People can go to their library of choice and use the computers there for free! The next reason I say computers are important is that when you're tired of getting fired, you can't just sit at home expecting to live in your house for free and you have @CAPS1 to get another job. You can register for jobs directly on your computer. How easy can it be? Now you don't have to borrow your mom's car for an interview. Also, the last reason I want to say is that understanding the world is very important for young and old alike. Don't you think every teacher has been to other places and that's how they understand the world? No, of course not! Teachers also use computers to find information on specific topics. For me, I love learning about alligators at @LOCATION1. I live at @ORGANIZATION2. Do you really think I'll go all the way to @LOCATION1 to learn about crocodiles when I can turn on my computer and get lost in the crocodile world? No, of course not. While it would be fun to check out @LOCATION1, I don't have that kind of money. All in all, I think you can see my argument. I really think about letting computers do what they do best, helping humans. This is one of the best inventions ever made. don't you agree?
Dear @ORGANIZATION1 staff, how often do computers help us? Computers are very useful machines that increase productivity every day. Not only do computers help people discover where @ORGANIZATION1 is and learn more about the rest of the world, but computers also allow people to communicate with other people around the world. In addition, computers have word processors and other applications that help workers with their day-to-day tasks. So, can computers now help people learn more about our planet? Many teachers and students use computers every day to help them teach. There are many online sites that help students discover and deal with different fields around the world. For example, there is a @LOCATION1 website (www.canadamaps.org) that has maps to which students must match locations/areas. There are also sites like mapquest and the yellow pages that help people navigate off-road and around town. As you can see, computers can also help with student education as well as our daily lives. A large number of teenagers of all ages enjoy using a program called @CAPS1 on their computers. @CAPS1 stands for @ORGANIZATION2 @CAPS2 @CAPS3. The program allows people of all ages to chat with their friends or colleagues instantly. All one does is type someone in the chat box, and the message is sent to that person immediately. Email is used for many things. Catch up with friends, or chat with others. You can also attach documents contained by @MONTH1. Email helps your computer and your computer go faster. However, if your newspaper is handwritten, it will take a lot of time, people, paper and money. As you can even see, @ORGANIZATION1, a computer is a must! So, as you can see, a computer is really needed. Computers affect us in many ways that are not clearly or easily noticed. Like I said, computers teach and help people understand different parts of the world today, helping us communicate with others around us or in @LOCATION2! Furthermore, in addition to the computers that allow us to word-process our documents, it also allows us to bring work, family, friends and cases anywhere, making our daily lives easy. So, instead of spending your whole life on the computer, use it for our needs. Please use computers to help us in our daily lives. Stop writing on that mat, get up and type on your computer!
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2, you may have seen a lot of debate about whether computers are good or bad. I agree that computers are helpful because they help you learn new things, talk to people all over the world and try new things. For example, have you ever wondered what the capital of @LOCATION6 is? Well, you can find out in the blink of an eye, and that's because the internet gives you unparalleled information that books don't. The internet allows you to see what's going on because of the various news sources and blogs on the internet, @PERSON1 Do you remember the earthquake at @LOCATION4? Of course I remember because I found it on the internet. You can also find directions to locations, sports data and different locations. So what better way to learn about these situations than by talking to the people who live there? I don't think there is anything, is it better to read @LOCATION5 or talk to someone in @LOCATION5? The beauty of the internet is that it ties the world together and forms stronger bonds, I remember chatting with the guys at @LOCATION3 during the gold game @PERSON3. Of course some people will say that you can meet people from different countries in person, so how will you meet people from @LOCATION2 in @LOCATION1 because I have never met. One can say go to that place and talk to people, and through the internet, it's very possible. Do you @PERSON1 want to go to @PERSON4? With the internet, all you need is your credit card and you'll be there tomorrow because the internet lets you try new things. Have you ever thought about trying ping pong so you can go offline or make a set offline and have it shipped to you in a few days, I always wanted to go to the zoo but I don't know so I use the internet near @LOCATION1, @LOCATION1 And check out Zoo School, which is right in front of me before I move @PERSON2 Zoo results. That's why the internet is so useful. All in all, the internet is very helpful to those who use it properly, but I agree that the internet may be out of place. With websites that blackson doesn't need, the internet can do just about anything.
Dear Newspaper, Technological advances, as amazing as they are, do not always have a positive impact on society. That's why, honestly, I don't believe computers will benefit my community. For example, computers can be very dangerous and people seem to spend too much time using them these days! Not to mention, computers are too expensive. In the beginning, when I went out, my parents always said, "Don't talk to strangers." I guess they should say the same when I go to use my computer. Computers are really dangerous to the unwary. For example, online predators often portray themselves as someone they are not. So you can never really trust someone you just met in a chat room. Also, cyberbullying is another problem where computers put people at risk. Another danger of computers is that almost anyone can access anything posted on the Internet. This includes pictures, blogs, comments and . I believe the ongoing fear of society would be better off without computers! Second, people, especially the younger generation, spend too much time on the computer. Some people spend hours a day using a computer when they could be doing an activity that really benefits them. If people spent as much time helping their communities as they did on computers, the world would be a better place to live. Not to mention, it will bring people closer to each other. Computers seem to control people's lives, but that's not healthy. I think people should spend more time living their lives than gluing their faces to a computer screen! In the end, computers are like vampires, sucking your money away. In the @DATE1 economy, people need to save for college, or something as simple as buying a new pair of shoes! Also, as technology advances, even the most advanced computers become obsolete within a year or two and require a new one. In addition, the price of computers is also rising. It's hard to keep up! I firmly believe that computers are a waste of money and will bring down society. All in all, computers are just a negative attribute of the @LOCATION1 community. First, they can be dangerous. Second, they are too time-consuming, and third, computers are too expensive. In @DATE1's world, computers are simply a hassle.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, Computer is a great technology. Computers are great for many reasons. Three of the reasons are pleasure, convenience and education. I believe these three reasons are the main reasons we use computers today. One of the reasons we use computers is for entertainment. On some sites, you can talk to your friends, see what your friends are up to, and even video chat with them. Plus, you can watch movies, @CAPS4 episodes and videos. In addition, you can listen to music, play games and check sports scores. I firmly believe that happiness is one of the main reasons we use computers today. Another reason we use computers is convenience. Most people in @LOCATION1 have a computer at home. Computers are convenient because you pay your bills on the internet. You email colleagues about work. Also, computers can help people create websites that make their business more visible. As you can see, computers are a very handy technology. The last reason we use computers is education. On a computer, you can study almost anything. You can learn about the history of @CAPS5, the movement, and the world current affairs. A computer can help you study, take notes, and help you with homework. When I have a project, I always use my computer to find important information on the subject. As you can see, education is the most important reason we use computers. Now, I think you understand the importance of computers in education, entertainment and convenience at @LOCATION1. I want you to hear what I have to say about computers, and I hope you continue to tell people how great and important computers are.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 is that I believe people spend too much time on the computer. Now you can do anything on your computer. For example, chat with friends, play games, or even turn off the lights! But what have they taken from us? Communication skills are stripped there and are also used to create cyberbullying. Nor do they let us enjoy the beauty and exercise of nature. One in every @NUM1 teen spends more time talking to others on the computer than in person. This type of communication prevents children from learning the valuable social skills that come with face-to-face conversation. This makes @CAPS1 harder for kids to make friends and even do well is work intensity. Research shows that communication skills decline with each generation @PERCENT2. Ultimately, if @CAPS1 continues to decline, the world will pass. This type of communication used to have a new type of bullying. What do we do to people? You wasted @NUM2 days a year sitting in front of a computer. During this wasted time, you can go out for a jog or a walk. In fact, the percentage of people who own a computer is much higher than the percentage of people who don't just exercise for themselves. Computers can't do @CAPS1 for you. Sitting in front of a computer doesn't do your body any favors. You have to stand up and move. It's good for your health, a breath of fresh air. Speaking of fresh air @PERCENT1, people who use their computers at home seem more likely to suffer from telecom illness than those who don't leave you. Seeing nature like never before, I don't think so. Yes, you can see our green speckled tree from the internet, but it's nothing like nature, @CAPS1 is real life. New species can't be found on the computer, the computer can't find @CAPS1 for you Find @CAPS1. People have less influence on the environment than computers. The picture they see is not healthy. After writing this post, knowing that I am about myself and the person scares me the most, I realize that I am becoming more and more dependent on the computer every day. I don't think friends. I don't go out very often, and not that much. Whether you realize @CAPS1 or not, this is for the people who have to, I'm personally doing it today and on time to calculate what you're going to get. Computers can hold more stuff from there, and live there. This improves ours nicely. So this brings me to the final conclusion that computers have a bad effect on humans and we should use them less because we don't see it ourselves. thank you for your time.
Dear local paper, I am writing to you today about the increasing use of computers. I think it's great. I think so because it teaches hand-eye coordination, allows people to understand distant places and people, and also allows people to talk to other people online. Read on to learn more. I think the first reason why more and more people are using computers is because it teaches people better hand-eye coordination, for example, there might be a computer program that can teach you to type with your hands and not just your index finger. Then you Learn how to do all of this without even looking at the keyboard. Read on for more information. I think the second reason why more and more people are using computers is because it enables people to understand distant places and people. For example, if you have a school project and you are doing research in another country, you can use your computer to get more information about their religion or the country as a whole. You can also use your computer to find different types of people. You can find people like @PERSON1 from @DATE1 to @PERSON2, who is now our chair. Read on for more information. I think the last reason more and more people are using computers is because it allows people to talk to other people online. For example, you can set up an account on facebook, myspace, @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 and start chatting with people. You can meet some kids who live near you and they don't even know it. Read on to learn more. Finally, I think it's a good thing that more and more people are using computers. They can learn hand-eye coordination, have the ability to understand distant places and people, and have the opportunity to converse with others online. I talked to people who were just starting out with computers, and @NUM1 of @NUM2 said they liked what they saw. So, I want you to go out there and buy a computer and see what you think. thank you.
Picture this: You entered a raffle for a free trip to @LOCATION1 at your child's school and you won! You'll be so excited until you realize you know nothing about @LOCATION1. You don't know what the weather is like, you don't know what food they eat. You are not quite sure how to prepare for this trip. So you go online and learn all about @LOCATION1. You pack it right and you have a great time. All because you have a computer. Regardless of your age, computers can help you get a better education. It also enables you to keep in touch with friends and family and is necessary for many jobs. Computers help many people learn about different countries and cultures. We now know a lot more about other places than we did before computers. But computers can teach you more than just different countries. They can teach a whole new language, or help you better understand a science class. There are many online colleges where you can take courses online in your own time, which is great if you're really busy. The internet is a great way to keep in touch with your friends and family. You can use email, instant messaging, video chat, or create an account on sites like facebook or myspace. For example, my cousin is in the Navy, he's been in @NUM1 years, and I lost touch before I got Facebook. Now I talk to him a lot. When most people hear a computer, the first thing that comes to mind is "the Internet." But that's not all the goodness of computers. Today, many jobs use computers. Banks, @CAPS1, teachers, @CAPS2, even cashiers. Computers are no longer a luxury; they have become a necessity. In fact, @NUM2 of @NUM3 jobs require a computer. A computer can let you type that book report, or make a very important letter look professional. Computers have changed the world; and once they do, there is no turning back. So access to a computer seems to make the journey to @LOCATION1 easier. Clearly, computers have become part of everyday life. You can keep in touch with friends and use them for your work. But most importantly, you can learn a lot!
Dear reader, I know some @MONTH1 who believe that computers can affect people's lives. This is because it leads them to not go outside to exercise and enjoy nature. My point is that people can choose to go out, exercise and enjoy nature. Computers provide so much information that it can give insight into the different activities people can do outdoors. Computers also have the ability to download videos and other software that people can watch and use to practice and learn techniques. In my life, my mom and dad, and many others in my family, have been browsing different sites online to see what activities we can do on weekends and seasonal events. Computers are very important and are changing lives. Without computers, some people would not be able to get an education. Doctors, police, and banks use computers to do their jobs, and it helps us get through our daily lives with ease. From what I've seen and understood, computers have had a positive impact on our lives. Computers can be negative, but it's all about self-control and how you use it.
Computers are getting more advanced every day and almost everyone owns or owns a computer. I think it's very beneficial to society. One of many ways is that they teach you hand-eye coordination. So even @CAPS1 you play the game your hand eye coordination @MONTH1 is improving. With hand-eye coordination, you @MONTH1 need it for sports like baseball. When is hand-eye coordination most needed? I use it most often, when I'm playing hockey or baseball. So the next time you use a computer, remember that your hand-eye coordination is improving. Another reason we benefit from having a computer is that we know far away places. @CAPS1 you know far away places you can go or can't go, get some background with a computer @CAPS1 you travel somewhere and don't know anything about it, what do you do? I know! Get on the computer and do some research! An example of this is, @CAPS1 you have to fly to @LOCATION1 and know nothing about it, use your laptop on the way there. @CAPS1 you do that and you'll have some pattern about the place. As you can see, laptops and computers are great for studying foreign countries. Finally, computers are great for learning a new language. You need to learn Spanish in a few weeks. what will you do? Download the free language learning app. @CAPS1 You don't know a lot of French and need a few words but no dictionary. Use a translator. When you're talking to someone from @LOCATION1 and you don't know the language there, use the English to African dictionary translation app on your computer. There is a great free translation app for computers, so @CAPS1 you don't know language jump on a computer and learn it! In conclusion, computers are used every day and help us a lot, whether it's learning a new language or just chatting with friends. Computers have greatly benefited society.
As a daily editor, I firmly believe that computers have a negative impact on people of all ages. Computers are used too much these days to use the privileges we already have. When people use computers for random activities, they are not engaging in any physical activity. Email and Facebook are also great communication sites, but people keep checking email instead of focusing on when their parents are home after a long day at work. With this, people are so addicted to computers that children are being followed and forget to do their homework. The computer is a great invention, but in today's society many problems are not always specified. First, people aren't getting the exercise they need because they're playing games on the computer or video chatting with friends. About @NUM1 Americans are obese, so exercise should definitely be a priority, but with these new sites and activity on computers, people are being held back. With this, kids and adults are communicating in high-end ways that waste too much time. Computers have a lot of unnecessary stupid activities that keep us from exercising because many people think options and web pages are important and needed. It's true that computers are a needed technology, but people use it way too much by dedicating their entire lives to computers instead of using them for other things like exercise and fitness. In addition to keeping the computer away from exercising, they also keep your family away from your time. For example when my dad comes home @TIME1. Not having @CAPS1 really is a bear hug he craves after a long day at work, as everyone is so interested in their emails or what my sister friends just said on Facebook. Your family is the most important part of your life, and if your computer gets in your way, you absolutely have to change the way you use it. Which is more important to you, home or computer? I know you still talk to your family and hug them, but when you talk to your sister on Facebook, even in the next room. This is what needs to be done. Computers affect you and everyone around you more than @CAPS1. In the end, the computer took away the family, but also took away the school and the work. Most kids spend a lot of time on the computer, they do their homework. It's irresistible, may leave, and kids and teens are always playing games, posting on Facebook and video chatting, making them realize they need to start their homework! A girl from @PERSON1 said: "@CAPS1 I was on Facebook all afternoon and then I realized I never started my @CAPS2 article!" This happens to a lot of people because the computer is too distracting and drain your brain. Also, yesterday I remember video chatting with my friends for @NUM2 hours and not starting my homework until @NUM3! Computer evryone go it is unacceptable. Not having a computer can negatively affect a person. It's unbelievable and scary to shut down the time people are exercising on the computer. They also cut ties with your family, so it's hard to really connect with them. With this, people get addicted to the computer and forget to do their homework. Overall, computers make life more stressful. Thanks for listening.
Computers are a great source of information in my opinion @CAPS2 Communication and business computers make things easier. @CAPS2 example, you can use a computer instead of going to the library to get information about something. Computers are one of the most advanced technologies and you can search for anything in the world. Computers are also great for @CAPS2 school or @CAPS2 work projects that require access to a computer. Computers can even @CAPS2 learn things you've never heard of. Some even take classes online. Computers also help with vacation planning. Computers are often used to communicate with others, family and friends. If you have a computer, chances are you have an email, a home page, or @CAPS1 to keep in touch with people. There are even sites for meeting new people. In my opinion, I think computers have a positive impact on people. Computers can use @CAPS2 a lot of things, they are a good technology. Computers can take up a lot of your time, @CAPS2 example, you have an @NUM1 page article due tomorrow, I believe it's easier and faster to type it than to write it and screw it up, @CAPS3 type a letter or paper, Computers have "@CAPS4 @CAPS5", so if you mess up a word, it will tell you where you went wrong to save even more time.
Dear newspaper, I think there are many reasons why computers are good for humans. Computers are good for people because they help keep friends connected. The second reason is that they can be important knowledge for people. @CAPS1 The third reason computers are good for humans is that there are many team-based programs that help people with teamwork and team building skills. These are three of the many reasons why I think computers are beneficial and have a positive impact on humans. First, I think computers are good for people because they help keep friends connected. If you move to another town, go to college far away, or move for work, if @CAPS5 is further away, lose touch with your friends. However, using a computer can solve this problem. On social networking sites such as @CAPS3, twitter and myspace, you can simply find and connect with distant friends from your former life. Yoyo can catch up with each other, reminisce about the good times, and maybe finally plan to meet one day. @PERCENT1 in @CAPS2 has reconnected using social networking sites on the computer. Experts also say that @CAPS5 is important for staying in touch with your past to stay healthy and happier. I have an experience when a social networking site reconnects me with @CAPS2. When I was younger, I had a @CAPS2 whose grandmother lived with @CAPS1 dad. Moved to @LOCATION1 after he became good friends for over a year and I thought I would never hear from him again. Later that year, I also moved to another town, @CAPS1 @CAPS2 searched for me on @CAPS3, we got in touch again, and I found out that he moved back to where I used to live. This is the first reason I think computers @CAPS4 are good for people. The second reason, @CAPS5 is that computers can be a great source of knowledge for people. If you need setup information that doesn't have to go through this book, a computer is your thing. As long as you find courses that are more accurate and reliable than computers. is an amazing tool. You can look up almost anything, and you can find a lot of information on @CAPS5. Statistics show that @PERCENT2 finds more information on computers than books. Experts say that soon books will be obsolete and computers will be a source of knowledge. This is the second reason why I think computers are good for humans. In the end, I think computers are good for people because there are many programs that help improve teamwork and team building skills. The programs I'm talking about are of course video games. Almost all computer games have multiplayer capabilities. In the multiplayer world, there are some match types that require a lot of teamwork. In the age game, if you want to win, you have to communicate and talk to your team. This is the only way you can win is to use teamwork. This is the third reason @CAPS1 I think computers are good for humans. In conclusion, I think computers are good for people, they help to reconnect friends, knowledge, and build team building skills through the program launched by @CAPS5.
In a study conducted by @ORGANIZATION1, @NUM1 of @NUM2 people spend more than @NUM3 hours a day on their computer. "@CAPS1 computers have become so popular here, leading to an increase in social problems, health problems and pollution," said @PERSON1. So the question is, are computers really beneficial to society or have a negative impact on people? I firmly believe that these computers are seriously affecting us. First, fewer people spend time outdoors enjoying nature. Imagine sitting outside in the bright autumn sun with red, yellow and green leaves dancing in the wind. If their eyes are glued to the computer screen, how will they see the beautiful view of the outside world? Eight out of 10 @CAPS2 in the National @CAPS3 survey admit to not going out on a sunny day, but playing on their computer. "The more people you see beautiful, the less likely they are to contaminate it with smog. Dr @PERSON2. How should our country be cleaned if people even want to turn off their computers for NUM4 hours a day to see the world? People have negative effects because they see beauty. Second, computers take up time people spend with their families. I used to think it was talking to someone. Now, I realize it's better to talk with people in real life .I remember seeing that girl. She was always e-mailing and texting on instant messaging. Seventy-nine percent of households are divided because of social issues. All the smart people talking about the family or just the car and around, these successful ones People know the key to happiness is communication and are working hard to help get rid of the computer. In the end, more time on the computer means less exercise. Teens should exercise an hour a day, but @NUM5 out of @NUM2 teens were surveyed at @NUM2 OGA NIZATION2 admits doing the exercise. Since @DATE1, when computers weren't very big, childhood obesity rates increased @PERCENT1. Now, in @NUM8 grade @ORGANIZATION2, almost @NUM4/2 boys agree to spend too much Too much time on the computer. Anyway, the computer took away something important to exercise. Come on now - can't we agree that the computer has a negative offer? Our harsh environment is being killed because no one sees the family's Beautiful, their lives take up most of their time, and the sight of a computer today! It's going to be the best thing you've ever done.
Dear local paper, I believe that computers have a good influence on people. The reason, I believe, is because the computer has taught us a lot of things, and you can also find a long-lost relative. There are two more reasons because you can chat with your friends and another because you need it to play music on @NUM1's, @CAPS1's and other devices. I think the number one reason why computers have a good impact on people is because it teaches us a lot. If you want to understand the culture of a country, you can go to the computer to understand. Without a computer, you'll have to visit not knowing what to get their shot at. The other thing it can teach you is how to get from one place to another without stopping to ask people where a place is. It's important to know what's on your computer, and you can look it up and find out. Another is that you can find a family member you haven't seen in a long time. Being able to reconnect with someone is very important. If something happens to them that you don't know about, like a broken leg or hip, you can find them on your computer. There are also a lot of people @MONTH1 who have family they miss and want to be close to or talk to again, they can't find them and get close to them again. If they need to talk to you, they can find you. You can also chat with other friends or with your friends alone in chat rooms. If you move far away, a computer is a great way to keep in touch with old friends. Talking to friends can relieve some children of the stress they are under. It helps when your friends make you laugh and talk to you about keeping everything separate and breathing. Everyone has a friend who persuades them not to do bad things. Friends like this are very helpful. The last reason is that you need a computer to put music on your @NUM1 player. Music is fun and a lot of people love to listen to it. If you don't have a computer, there's no point in buying a lot of electronics because you need a computer to do so many things. People love to listen to music on their @CAPS1 or @NUM1 while working out, but you need a computer to play music. Without computers, they have no meaning in music. In conclusion, I think computers have a good influence on people.
@CAPS1 It @MONTH1 Follows that people of all ages are using computers today. A computer is a great way to give presentations, talk to friends and family, and research what you @MONTH1 need to know. The kids of @ORGANIZATION1 have a lot of projects to do, most of which involve writing essays. Teachers have trouble reading other handwriting, so it helps that students use computers to print out very neat papers. There are many ways a computer could let you write that paper, and now it's going to be helpful. The nearby library always has extra computers available for students to use to write papers. If you pass a teen on the internet, now you @MONTH1 will find them on "@CAPS2". '@CAPS2' is a site to chat with friends and relatives. Some of these relatives @MONTH1 live far away or don't have a phone to talk to, so you can talk to them here. Some people think '@CAPS2' is 'dumb' & can't do any good because it takes time away from homework, but what if @CAPS3 forgets to do homework? @CAPS3 can continue "@CAPS2" and chat with friends from @ORGANIZATION1 to complete homework. There are many search engines on your computer, such as "@CAPS4 heap", "@CAPS5", and even the most popular "@ORGANIZATION2". Most people use these pages to research papers, travel, or even just to find out random information. A lot of people want to go to @LOCATION2 or @LOCATION1 to @CAPS6, but don't know what to do when they get there. By using one of the search engines, they will find that in @LOCATION1 they can go to the @LOCATION1 zoo. In @LOCATION2, they can go to the @CAPS7 world or @CAPS8 @CAPS9 @CAPS10 to learn all about @CAPS11 and how it is in @CAPS9. Thank you for taking the time to read this article and I hope you will read carefully what I have to say.
Dear local @CAPS1 newspaper, @CAPS2 I understand why some people think computers and technology are bad for society, on the other hand I strongly disagree with them. In my opinion, technology, especially computers, can bring people together, and computers are very good for @CAPS5. Now, computers can save you time and money too. First, computers can bring people together. I had one of my best friends move across the country all the way to @LOCATION1! And I can't see her, so I'm video chatting with her now on my laptop. If I hadn't had that opportunity, then we probably wouldn't have stayed in touch. This experience happened not only with friends, but also with my grandmother. Every year the whole family comes to the house to celebrate Passover, but because she is older, we video chat so she can see the whole family together. It's a wonderful experience. As I said before, computers can be good for @CAPS5. You might be thinking "@CAPS3 it only understands this, but I'm a student at @ORGANIZATION1 and sometimes I forget to do my homework, so I grab my laptop and go to @ORGANIZATION1 notes.com if that's zero on homework. See Computers are very useful! Have you ever been in a situation where you needed something but you didn't have time? Lots of things can now be ordered offline. You can get everything from food to clothes and toys. Survey proves, more than the average of @PERCENT1 @CAPS4 order a computer and save on gas because they don't have to drive. Overall I think computers are convenient and helpful for all ages, @CAPS5 have homework, family, friends and don't have much time Adults. I think over time more and more people will start to realize that.
Dear newspaper, I firmly believe that the impact of computers on people is positive. Computers can help you connect with faraway friends or family, find great nature parks, and help you find your local @CAPS8 or gym equipment. These three reasons will show you in the following paragraphs that computers are a very important asset to our society. First, a computer helps you connect with friends or family from afar. According to a recent study, @PERCENT1 of @LOCATION1 citizens use the internet to talk to friends or family members who live across the country. Another survey done by @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 magazine shows that computers are the best way to keep in touch with loved ones. @CAPS9's best friend @PERSON3 is @CAPS4 and all his cousins live in @LOCATION4. @CAPS6 told me, "@CAPS5 computers were never invented, they're like ghosts to me." @CAPS6 relies on computers to talk to his loved ones. Clearly, computers play a huge role in reconnecting friends and family from afar. @CAPS10 Do you think @CAPS5 you love nature but can't find any amazing parks? @CAPS9 Bad guess. Fortunately, all you have to do is type "amazing natural parks" into a search engine. In about two seconds, you should get great results. A lot of people think that computers take their time to enjoy nature, but I believe @CAPS11 enhances @CAPS11. @CAPS9 girl loves nature and likes to take pictures of beautiful scenery. However, over time, she lost interest. "I'm tired of photographing the same local things every day," she said. I typed nature parks into my search engine, and @CAPS9 sister is back to travel around @LOCATION2. Lean @PERSON2, a nature expert says @PERCENT2 loses interest in people because they don't know any new places to go. Also, Nature in @CAPS7 Magazine concluded that the best way to find nature is the internet. As you can see, @CAPS5 @CAPS11 is not for the internet, few people have the love and passion for nature that most people do today. Who needs excersize? everyone. Currently, @LOCATION3 is extremely overweight. We need to register more @CAPS8 and make more sports equipment, but will @CAPS10 people find out? On the computer. According to @PERSON1, @PERCENT3 or @CAPS8 have a computer-accessible website. "The best way to get a membership," says @CAPS8 @NUM1 @LOCATION5 magazine, "is to create a website online." @CAPS9 Friend Dad just recently joined a brand new gym that opened three days ago. "@CAPS10 Do you know @CAPS11?" I asked. "@CAPS11 is easy, I just searched locally for @CAPS8 and @CAPS11 came up!" Experts say computers limit workout time, but all in all, computers are the key to the gym. Connecting old friends and family from afar, finding great places in nature, finding local @CAPS8 and excersize equipment are three very difficult things. However, these three things computers do very well. @CAPS5 Reconnecting with loved ones, loving nature, exercising is bad for society, so what good is that?
Dear @CAPS1, I know the current debate about technology, but it's more about computers. Computers are a beneficial fun and even fun technological peace. Computers open up the world to new people and places, and limit unnecessary restrictions. Computers are the key to innovation and creativity. When @ORGANIZATION1 did research on the use of computers, the folks at @PERCENT1 said they got their news files and even planned to throw away the computer, and now @PERCENT2's creation is being done via the computer. This speaks to the power of computers, allowing people to do things that were once impossible. Humans are now able to spread information around the world in seconds. Computers also enable business growth through advertising or working software. Computers are the key to helping the world open up new possibilities and options that were not possible @NUM1 years ago. I know that my objection is not only against computers, but also want to limit the use of computers. This is unfair and potentially unconstitutional. They argue that people are exercising less because of computers, but @PERCENT3, when asked if computers are negatively affecting your workouts, said "no", one said "because of computers, I learned new Way to exercise and even found a great local trainer." @CAPS2 You can understand that computers are not just games and toys, but allow people to grow and learn more to help them find travel and help them exercise. Computers are a great tool when it comes to communication. Email, @CAPS3 and other software allow people to communicate around the world. @CAPS2 The world is starting to innovate itself and communication is key. People are able to spread news in seconds, in fact @PERCENT4's news is now done by computer. The new @CAPS4 era and Wall Street @CAPS5 have moved their news primarily to the internet, making them available to people. Now work is also mainly done by computer. People can send documents, ship and even order online. Even important business meetings are done by computer and all can be done from home. Computers are a necessity when it comes to communication jobs and journalism. I hope you understand and use my opinion. Computers are needed to develop @CAPS2 a world that solves communication and scaling problems, which is why I believe computers are ok.
Dear @PERSON1 @CAPS1 I am writing to inform you that I think computers are a wise investment for two reasons. Here are some reasons why computers are good for society, they allow kids to do homework with some help, kids can talk to other friends, and while kids are on the board, they can play game music on it. what! Sometimes I don't understand this, I sit at the kitchen table doing my history homework, but I don't know what year the Revolutionary War was. @CAPS2 I went into my room and turned on my computer, @CAPS6 I went to google for what I needed to know. It's also good for parents because if they're doing bills or something, they don't have to bother, kids can look it up and know it's @CAPS6! Finally, all my homework is done, but my computer is still on. I want to see who's online, who I can talk to, and make sure I haven't missed any homework. Talking to your friends online can help you keep in touch with friends in other states or people you don't see often. This can help make new friends or make friendships stronger and reduce problems. Well, no one at home or online @CAPS2 I think @CAPS3 will go back and turn on some music and go back and turn on some music, maybe take a nap. Or I can play the new Counter Strike game I got! Yes, playing counterattack. That game had the fewest deaths on my team! Well, that day's blowback was enough, I thought I'd turn on the same music and lay in bed. Now that I've told you all the benefits of computers you @CAPS4 @CAPS5 @CAPS6! Remember, it can help you with homework, chat with friends, or just have some fun.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, computers are occasionally helpful, but @NUM1 of @NUM2 think they are a waste of electricity. Computers are generally not good for everyday life. When people are on the computer, they spend hours on the computer. This means they are not getting enough exercise and they are hurting their bodies. Not only that, but people tend to use the machine obsessively. They spend more attention on the computer and not enough time with their families. Everyone knows that exercise is important. But what happens when we don't get enough? Heart disease is the #1 cause of death for @LOCATION1. Heart disease is caused by obesity. This is what happens when you're not exercising. When you're on the computer, you're sitting down instead of walking around. This means your metabolism doesn't go through and you burn fewer calories. This is not healthy for anyone. Even the perfect state of man. Gaining weight isn't the only way you can harm your body. When using a computer, you have to look at a screen with very bright @CAPS3 lights. Look at the screen for so long, and your eyes will start to feel the effects of the light. Many said it was like staring at a flashlight for a long time. About @PERCENT1 Kids in our school wear glasses for prolonged computer use. More @PERCENT1 than our previous @PERCENT2. We used to have about @NUM3. Like I said before, when you use a computer, you use it for a long time. What about the family? They deserve more attention than machines. It's not right to spend more time on the computer than your own flesh and blood. In one survey, the average @NUM4 out of @NUM5 said they spent about 8 hours on the computer between work and home, and about 1 hour with their family. With all this in mind, and the results are shocking, ask yourself how useful a computer really is. Sure, it's good at researching things quickly, but it's also good at making people fat, paying people for glasses, and keeping them away from their families. At the end of the day, computers are useless at all.
What do you think the world would be like without computers? I think this takes us back a few times. We need computers to communicate and learn what needs to be learned. Without computers, our country would be nothing. People say you don't get enough exercise and you don't enjoy nature enough. There are also ways to do this. Communication is one of the greatest things about computers. Teens love to @CAPS9 @CAPS10 each other at home because it's so fast it's like talking to them. @CAPS1-@CAPS2 is another thing people like to use. The company boss uses @CAPS1-@CAPS2 to send @CAPS10 to everyone so they are all on the same page. There's also a new video chat feature that lets you talk to someone face-to-face and see them from the other side of the world if you want. You can also learn everything you need to know on a computer. They have dictionary sites, history sites, encyclopedia sites, etc. You can find any specific time in history and have a full website on it. Or a website called wikipedia where you can look up something and get an entire web page dedicated to that object or person's information. Schools also use websites to help students acquire knowledge. They have math sites, English sites, @CAPS3 research sites and (favorite for science teachers) @CAPS4 @CAPS5 with everything you need to know about science. They also have plenty of websites to help you learn a new language. Recently there is a program called @CAPS6 @CAPS7 on the computer, but it can teach you any language and any human teacher. Still some people say it's not enough. They say you still need exercise, nature and time with your family. You can still do all of this on your computer. You can find some exercises you might want to do. You can search for hiking trails near where you live. They have websites (like @CAPS8) where you can @CAPS9 @CAPS10, @CAPS11 pics, play games, and video chat with @MONTH1's family around the world. But you can still do it. While I explained many reasons why computers are a great thing, there are many more. Teach hand-eye coordination and many other things. You can view your athletic results from the previous night or see your athletic results from @NUM1 years ago. You can do all of this and more on your computer. This is why computers have a positive impact on people and everyone should have a computer.
Dear newspaper writers, I think computers have a positive impact on people because @CAPS1 helps people around the world learn to speak different languages, @CAPS1 helps people talk to friends around the world, @CAPS1 helps by making it easier for @CAPS1 People write a letter and send @CAPS1 to the person they work for or their boss and they need a report by the end of the day. Here are three reasons why computers have a positive impact. @CAPS1 helps people learn to speak different languages without spending a lot of money, eg with Rosetta Stone you have to spend @NUM1 dollars but online you don't have to spend a dime. The best part is that @CAPS1 is free. The Rosetta Stone's slogan is "I spend less than a few months of regular classes". I think their new slogan should be "We have a better learning company than anyone else". That's why @CAPS1 helps people learn different languages. @CAPS1 also helps people by making it easier for @CAPS1 to talk to their friends, you can aim, webcast and any text to make it easier for @CAPS1 to talk to friends on the internet. The reason they created it is that people don't have to travel far and spend money telling friends important news, it's just one thing. So all in all, you don't have to spend a lot of money telling your friends something. The third reason computers help people is when people email their bosses or fax their final reports to big interviews for new positions where they work, @CAPS1 helps your bosses by making @CAPS1 easier to read @CAPS1 is better because you might be in Japan and your boss might be in Florida @CAPS1 It takes @NUM2 minutes to get to your boss's computer. That's why @CAPS1 makes it easier to message your boss. The three main reasons are that you can learn a different language without spending a cent; you can talk more easily with friends; and you can more easily text your boss instead of calling him or her. Here are three reasons why computers are positive.
For Middlebury's paper, @CAPS1's article on whether computers are good for society, I think they have a lot of @MONEY1 professionals, making them a worthwhile thing to have in our town schools, homes, and businesses. They help more than hurt, can you be honest about your life without checking your emails and keeping up with our society? School computers help to increase the number of @MONEY1 learning our children. @CAPS1 For example, @PERSON1 can study their Math Facts @CAPS1 Math or Learn about the Skeletal System @CAPS1 Health course online. Saving money is also an advantage as @MONEY1 has to pay @CAPS1 your son or daughter fly to @LOCATION1 to learn about collisreum, you can let them know about it on the internet first to see if the trip is actually worth it. Another essential thing in life is hand-eye coordination, and a way to practice sports practice games on the computer. This helps mount your town kids will use @CAPS1 the rest of @MONEY1 their coordination! The benefits of education only increase with the addition of technology, so cutting kids out of technology right now is a big mistake! For computers, communication is a. Students can get homework via email. Save time and give them more time to come. Cost-effective computer, because @MONEY1 pays @CAPS1 phone bills and counselors @CAPS1 your kids and cellphone bills, you can talk via email and potentially save @MONEY1! Keeping in touch with your family is also easy because with just one email you can connect with all of your family members! Speeding up communication with computers clearly has benefits that no one wants to miss. Then why did you make this mistake. @CAPS1 Addressing you can't put the blame on the computer @CAPS1 why people don't exercise so much. People choose their community way of exercising on the computer. The computer can't control whether you are a family member or not. If anything they help! It is those specific people who spend time in nature. Choose no one else. All of these shortcomings cannot be blamed on computers, because it is people who decide how much they use, not computers. All in all, I think it's the best idea to keep our current @MONEY1 computer because without it communication and education would be less and with that, who said exercise would increase? ! In general, the choice is the computer user, not the computer, so when used sparingly, computers contribute a lot to society.
Dear @ORGANIZATION3, @CAPS1 has brought to the attention of @CAPS2 that some members of our society think computers are not helpful. This position comes from a lack of judgment and a closed mind. Computers are the lifeblood of business people who use them to do all their work, and these tools also allow news of disaster or weather to spread efficiently. These technological devices also create and maintain communication between family members and friends. Computers are critical in today's society, and getting rid of them is like blocking oxygen from entering the body, with several serious consequences. First of all, about @PERCENT1 all modern companies require their employees to work on computers. These artworks aren't just handy playboy toys, they're @CAPS5 essential to the working class @CAPS5 A #@NUM1 pencil for students who are cutting. @PERSON3, the owner of a small business, agrees. "The @CAPS2 company designs software and uses the @NUM2 computer. Many of @CAPS2's employees work from home and must have a computer." The development of computers is not an unpleasant thing, but a technological achievement that improves the lives of others. By taking our computers out of the lives of workers, there will be many nasty consequences. Adults aren't the only ones working with computers. Student assignments are now mostly online, computers reduce the time it takes to write papers, and are a glare for students of all ages, @PERSON4, 8th grade at @ORGANIZATION1, is an example of this dilemma. Every night she does at least three hours of homework, usually an hour is @CAPS1 needs a computer, however, this is not a problem because @CAPS1 reduces the time @CAPS1 spends doing homework for @PERSON4. Instead of laboriously slow writing @CAPS1 the old-fashioned way, she can quickly type @CAPS3 papers or research scientific topics. Plus, computers are the gateway to the real world, especially for the residents of @LOCATION1. Whether some people want to believe @CAPS1 or not, @LOCATION1 is a bit out of the way and people don't know what's going on outside of their closed town. Computers spread news like electricity, opening eyes to national and global issues for @LOCATION1 residents @PERSON2, another @ORGANIZATION5 student said, "@CAPS4 earthquake happened in @LOCATION3 @CAPS2 friends and I are For lunch, @CAPS5 we're back in class @CAPS2 teacher is projecting news onto the whiteboard through her computer" @CAPS6 computer is taken away and the flow of knowledge for adults and children will be cut off. On top of that, computers create communication between friends and family, and talking to someone on the phone isn't always an option, so a computer is a better option. Families can connect with each other regardless of whether @CAPS6 has cell reception or which part of the world they are in, @PERSON1 is a veteran of @LOCATION1 @CAPS7 @ORGANIZATION1, who agrees. â€œ@CAPS4 Iâ€™m going to college next year and Iâ€™m going all the way to @LOCATION2 and would like to be able to email and IM to chat with the @CAPS2 family, even if @CAPS6 is inconvenient, I can reach them because they didnâ€™t respond right away.â€ @ PERSON1 makes a great point that computers serve communication, which is critical to maintaining healthy relationships for @PERCENT2, and @CAPS5 presents a study by @ORGANIZATION4. In conclusion, a computer is an incredible device that should be valued, not taken away. This is vital for workers and students and brings news to residents anywhere in the world. Computers are also a way for friends and family to stay connected and communicate. So I urge the readers of @ORGANIZATION2 to speak up about the benefits of computers so they don't get taken away from our society.
@ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1? are you there? "@CAPS2 Did you hear that?" "You've never had a problem with computers. As far as I know, there is a debate about the benefits of computers - should we have them and advance them? Well, I believe computers are a necessity for ordinary people. Computers help everyone, Makes life easier! Sure, there are cell phones and other useful electronics, but @CAPS2 they are always trustworthy? Computers are always reliable - whether for homework or another reason! Computers provide easy interaction without There will be interruptions, they make learning easier, and if you're smart, they're safe. Who knows what our society would be without computers? First, computers allow people to have conversations with others.  â€¦that's half the world! There are multiple apps available to @CAPS2 and they are all easy to use. My personal preferred option is @ORGANIZATION2 email. I have family in @LOCATION1 myself and this is a full text to leave! Of course I can call Give them but my phone bill will skyrocket! How else am I supposed to be whole with my loved ones? Do you know how many people face the same problem? @NUM2 households in @LOCATION2 via a recent study @NUM1 of them say they have distant relatives. That's @PERCENT1 of the @LOCATION2 population! Imagine having no computers at their disposal. The phone company will have money and the average family will be on the streets. Or worse - they will Lose any relationship with your family. Do you want that? Computers are easy to access and you @CAPS2 can interact with loved ones, friends or new ones. It doesn't get any better! So, which one would you choose - lose yours Family ties or staying connected via email and computer applications? If that's not enough, computers make it easy to learn new things and complete tasks. I know that as a student at @PERSON1, I and other students need to type at least 3 times a week! Just yesterday, I had to type in a reply, a free writing selection, and an entry for a history project. Imagine if we had to re-use the typewriter. Either no homework, or everyone would be severely sleep deprived. Both Neither choice is acceptable. Plus, computers are great for research. If you have to find a new country, see a distant university, or learn about the world, why not access your handy computer? Without leaving home, you can Know which university is right for you. You can visit a new country without leaving the city! Sure, you can read newspapers, but answer me, where do newspapers come from? Yes, trees die for them. Computers are an easy, environmentally friendly option for you. If those two reasons don't convince you, maybe this one will. Most people think computers are unsafe, @MONTH1 is partially right. But if you're as smart as me or Take a lesson at school and you'll know that's not always the case. At our school, we're taught the risks of computers, and things like How to prevent any possible @CAPS3. I believe this is the case in most schools. In fact, nine out of 10 students say computers are graded A+ when it comes to safety. Everyone knows about hackers, so we avoid them. My parents even said they never had any problems or security risks with their computers in over thirty years, and neither did I. "@CAPS3 is only as strong as you let them own and let them control," said @CAPS4, an expert on the subject. So, if your concern is security, then don't. The kids of today and tomorrow know what's out there and how to stop minors @CAPS3. So, why don't we review what we learned today. Are computers useful and the best way to communicate? Yes, they are. What's the best way to easily learn things right now? I believe the correct answer is computers. Even if some people disagree, what is safe. Not the phone...no, not the TV...oh, it's the computer! I see why you think no, they should be outside, well let me tell you, the phone and TV will stop them anyway. At least computers don't corrupt your brain. Well, I have done my duty. I support computers and their advancements. But it's not up to me, is it? No, that's not right. So please do your part by spreading the word. This is the right thing to do. You know you want! "
More and more people are using computers, but not everyone agrees that it is good for society. I think those who think computers cannot benefit society are right. I feel this way because people need to start exercising it more and interacting with family and friends. Also, one should enjoy life. Read on to read in detail as to why I feel this way. First, those who are always in front of the computer need more exercise, they need exercise to stay fit and strong. If they don't, they're likely to eat more and gain a lot of unwanted fat. Also, some of them don't even exercise at all. Second, they don't interact with family and friends very often. These people may be prone to arguments with family members because they have to leave the computer. When you fight with people, you want to stay away from it, so you go back to the computer. Using a computer for a long time is not healthy. In the end, they should enjoy life. See the world with your own eyes. Gather with friends and family. Go to college and do something with their lives. They need to enjoy the original without any computer, ipod or even phone. All in all, I think this is because people need more exercise and interaction with family and friends. Also, they need to enjoy life. I hope you understand why I feel this way.
Dear @CAPS1, I believe that computers are good for society. This is because computers perform tasks such as helping with research, communicating with others, and having fun games and websites. A computer is a very good resource no matter what you try to do. Honestly, @CAPS2 without a computer I don't know what to do. Computers are like digital encyclopedias, containing almost all the information you are looking for. Computers have databases or website designs, as do research. Say you have a paper tomorrow and you need fast and efficient information, you can simply go to @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 which is a computer database. You'll end up with some facts to help you with your final draft. So, you don't have to go that far to research. Communication is something else that computers help with. For example email and @ORGANIZATION1 are a way to communicate. Email is where you can send a message and wait for a reply, while @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 is where you get a reply from @ORGANIZATION1. The latest in communication @CAPS2 is video chat. Here, the people you chat with can hear and see exactly what you're doing. This is useful for families that are far apart from each other. Computers play many roles, and being used for entertainment is one of them. @CAPS5 has many interesting gaming sites like @CAPS6.com miniclips.com and @LOCATION1. These sites help you get out of a bad day. You can also buy computer games for your computer. A very popular game is @CAPS7. The game is based on your character, and the life you choose for this game can take you to your mother's place, where all your stress will disappear. So computers have improved society in many different ways. Some include research, communication and play. A computer is a very powerful tool that can enrich one's life. Computers take on tough tasks and usually succeed. So computers are really one thing we need.
Dear local @CAPS1 @CAPS2 Did you know that spending too long on technology can cause cancer? Computers have evolved faster and faster since they were invented. People, especially children, forget about the risks to physical health. Family and friends, and even mental health. Obesity rates have surpassed @LOCATION1, the highest ever, people don't even know technology is to blame. @CAPS2 Did you know that the average @CAPS3 teen spends at least @NUM1 hours on the computer? Think of all the calories without exercise. If people could limit their risk of diabetes. Diabetes is one of the most common technology-related diseases after obesity. @NUM2 @CAPS4 is diabetic which means our health is not safe. If you limit your computer usage to @NUM3 hours a day and exercise at least @NUM4 minutes a day, think about how fit you will become, you will become healthier, you will have more energy, focus, Sleep won't be a problem, and you'll be more attractive. Computers also lead to broken friendships. Cyberbullying is also a problem. @NUM4 students are cyberbullies. This means that if they are mentally healthy all day when they turn on their computer, the friendship will not meet. @CAPS2 Did you know that some forms of cancer are caused by radiation from technological equipment? Radiation eats away at the brain, causing Alzheimer's and other mental illnesses that develop in old age. Young people at school are also used to texting. @PERCENT1 students texting and @PERCENT2 getting used to bad spelling when @PERCENT3 accidentally wrote "passed, lazy and even native @CAPS5 during school". This is the psychology of technology taking over. So you can see that computers can affect health, social interaction, and even mentality. So don't be part of the problem and stop overusing technology.
Dear people, computers have not been around for long, more people are buying computers every day, and people are using them every day. They negatively affect people as they are used for entertainment, education and to converse with people from afar. Let me explain. First, when people start using computers, they love it. They continue to use @CAPS1, play games and use it for work. But as they continued to use it, they became addicted. People are addicted to computers because of gaming and are able to keep using @CAPS1. In fact, of all the people who have @CAPS8 in this @CAPS3, @PERCENT1 is addicted to computers. Over the next @NUM1 years, this percentage is expected to grow to @PERCENT2. Addiction to a computer can cause serious problems. People are dying because they spend too much time on @CAPS8 without eating or sleeping. In another newspaper not too long ago, it said that a student who participated in @ORGANIZATION1 was expelled due to poor performance in school. His parents found him addicted to the game "@CAPS3 of @CAPS4". This game is currently the most played game on @CAPS8 in @CAPS3. Research shows @CAPS8 addiction is almost as bad as smoking addiction. The second reason @CAPS8 affects people negatively is cyberbullying. People are chatting on @CAPS5, @CAPS6, @CAPS7 and email, people are being bullied. A friend of mine recently received an email with text that hurt his feelings. Cyberbullying is worse than interactive bullying. That's because @CAPS9 what you said on @CAPS8, people don't know who you are. @PERSON1, a professor who recently conducted research on cyberbullying, said, "Cyberbullying has become more serious than exposure to bullying. People are threatened more and heard more bad words than interactions." Online bullying and harassment will change Worse @CAPS9 People won't stop. People can also be arrested for what they write online. The last reason computers negatively affect people is that people spend too much time on the computer and don't exercise @CAPS8 contributed @PERCENT3 causing overweight people. On @CAPS8 everything is much easier. You can send emails instead of mailings. You can listen to music instead of walking to the radio and turning it on. Sit on @CAPS8 and you can buy tickets, shop, chat with friends and have fun. But that's why people become overweight and obese. @PERCENT4 People who use computers are obese or overweight. People spend less time interacting with friends and family and enjoying nature. In conclusion, computers have a negative impact on people, and parents should control the time their children spend on computers. Just because of @CAPS8, many problems arise. So @CAPS9 you think you're addicted, try to create a schedule for your entire day. Use @CAPS8 for an hour at a time and take a break before using it again. Addiction, cyberbullying, and being overweight aren't the only problems with @CAPS8, there are more.
Dear newspaper, I hear that more and more people are using computers and I think it's great because people talk to other people online. @CAPS5 They teach you how to use a computer. It enables people to learn about distant places and people. Computers it's more advanced technology, so it's @CAPS1 people are using it. I love sitting in front of my computer all day because I'm always in @CAPS2 and chatting online. @CAPS4 Example Some people like to talk to family members who are not in @LOCATION1, so they communicate via computer. Sometimes I chat online with @LOCATION2's cousin because I haven't seen her in @NUM1 years. So I think it's important to talk online or use a computer. Example of @CAPS4 Even grandma has @CAPS3, she talks to her family online. I don't think using a computer is a bad benefit because it helps you communicate with family or friends. That's why I think it's wrong for people to say "or not". Second, it teaches you hand-eye coordination, my grandma is older, but the computer and @CAPS4 example my grandma has good hand-eye coordination because when she goes to the alphabet, she just rushes and everything is right. Think that computers have an impact on people. It @CAPS5 helps people write better and better. @CAPS4 I love the example when it's written I don't need to go to others I write @CAPS5 The king helps my eyes and hands @CAPS6 is it helps you find far away places and people. @CAPS4 example on @ORGANIZATION1 you can find any street you want. It @CAPS5 helps you find relevant people on your computer. @CAPS4 For example, if I have a project, I'll find information about people or places on @ORGANIZATION1. Computers are really helpful because you can find pictures of places and information about people. I think it has a positive effect on people. In the end, I think computers are of great benefit to society. One reason is that you can talk to people online. @CAPS5 It teaches your hands and eyes and helps your brain and vision. It @CAPS5 can help you with hand movements. @CAPS6 The reason is to enable people to learn about distant places and people. @CAPS4 Example I have a project in @CAPS7 where I have to learn and search about forensics and search everything on my computer. I think computers help your brain think more, and computers are advanced technology. So I think they are good for our society.
I agree with the bad effects of computers on people because they will spend less time exercising. Spending too much time on the computer takes away knowledge, as well as time with family and friends. So, listen to me as I @MONTH1 explain why I feel this way. My number one reason for this is that people spend less time exercising, which can lead to lethargy or laziness if you stop exercising. Another reason is that it affects your ability to run or even stand, as @PERSON1 said, "People who exercise regularly can work, but if you don't, there's nothing you can do." @CAPS1 When you're too lazy to come, you'll Missing out on all the fun. My second reason for this situation is that it takes away knowledge. On the one hand, you may forget what you learned. It takes a few seconds to process @MONTH1 because you can't concentrate. @CAPS1 you @MONTH1 If you spend too much time on your computer, you forget even people you know, even where you live. @CAPS1 The reason this is happening is that it takes time away from your family and friends.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 A student, I believe computers have many bad effects on people. Most people think of computers as just new useful technology, but it's much more than that. A lot is happening in the online world. Computers are helpful for school research, work, and other important things, but also have a lot of bad effects. Children these days are so attached to the computer almost all day when they get home from school, which means they rarely do homework, projects, and important tasks to avoid being distracted by the computer. Some parents are tricked by their kids into saying they are just doing their homework, but the reality is that these times kids meet a huge network of strangers through social networks like @CAPS2 @CAPS3, @CAPS4, @CAPS5 @NUM1, @CAPS6. Once they decide to meet these strangers in person, a lot of things go wrong because not everyone is nice to @CAPS2 @CAPS2 they @MONTH1 seem to go through the internet. It shows how dangerous it is for kids to use computers so much. People like @CAPS2 toddlers, teens and teens are able to see a lot of harmful and inappropriate things that people their age should never see. Another question is how people can eat any type of junk food on their computer all day and then they don't exercise at all and they gain weight and are not in good health this becomes a health problem for kids of @CAPS2 age @NUM2 a lot like @CAPS2 Older people age @NUM3 years or older is a poor healthy life for people. With people on the computer almost all day, they can't go out and discover new things, exercise, hang out with friends, or just have fun and spend time with family. I also strongly believe that a computer or laptop should not be in a kid's room because then they lock themselves in the room all day and stay up late, even past midnight, which becomes a real thing for kids or adults problem. Get up early for school or work at @TIME1, usually late. This pretty much shows that computers are not that great for people. In order for people to be able to use their computers and have their own lives, it may be of great help to them that they can plan their computer time.
I believe that people spending a lot of time on the computer affects their health and their relationships with friends and family. If you're on the computer and a friend of yours asks you to go out, you're likely to say no, because the computer grabs your attention more than going out. This can hurt your health and your relationships with friends. If your family is going to the movies for family time, you're likely to stay because you'll be stuck at home playing on your computer. This can affect your relationship with your family. Most people would rather stay at the computer than spend time exercising. So this affects your health because most of the time you play on the computer for a long time and you continue to eat hungry and because you don't exercise you gain weight. Right now you're not exercising, you just keep eating. So because you don't exercise and your mind is always on the computer, you can get sick. This is why most people are unhealthy because of computers. Computers can disrupt your relationships with family and friends. Sometimes your friends may ask you to go out or exercise, but you say no because you messed up your relationship with your friends on the computer. Or, your family can enjoy movie night and your computer while they're away. It just screwed up the relationship with the family. On a computer, you can stay up all night. I played a really good game on my computer, you should take a break because the game is fun and you can't sleep. Then after a while, you become addicted and won't stop playing. So you won't sleep, if you have school you won't be able to concentrate, you'll be too busy worrying about the game. So that's why computers aren't that good. It will destroy your health. I can mess up your social life with family and friends. You won't get a lot of sleep and you won't be able to concentrate.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1! Get off that computer, it's @TIME1 now. But Mom, I don't want to be in the middle of the game. Does it sound familiar? sure. Every child loves to play with the computer. However, noticing that your kid is @NUM1 on the computer is not a good thing. Experts are sure @PERCENT1 is right on this one because kids and adults spend so much time on the computer. These people can do other things like exercise more, enjoy nature, and interact with friends and family. Spending too much time on the computer is not healthy. On the other hand, if someone kicks you off the computer, you can always get the six-pack you want. There are three main things that keep you in shape. First, a light run on a community track every night can transform your legs from the fatigue of every stair climb to firming them up and being able to run lap after lap just to warm up. Every year my dad takes me to the track @DATE1 and clocks me @NUM2 and @NUM3 yard dashes, @NUM4 meters and miles. Between the months I was training until @DATE2, my dad did another evaluation. I do this workout because I play baseball. Lifting weights is another way to get in shape. Some basic exercises are the bench press, squats, and dumbbell curls. There are more challenging exercises, but I won't go into depth. Once you feel your body shape, put all of your training into one sport. Exercise isn't the only thing you can do. Enjoying nature is another option. If someone kicks you off your computer, get out. Absorb everything in nature. From squirrels to braids. If you're in winter, enjoy snow playing computer games inside @NUM1. But if that's not for you, just hang out with your family. Hanging out with your family is something you can do. Gather your family and plan a trip. You can go to a baseball game, a park, or a movie, anything that takes you away from your computer. That's why I think people should be exercising, enjoying nature and spending time with their families instead of the computer @NUM1.
A girl sits at her computer and does her homework. Another girl with a computer chatting with her friend. Those girls are doing activities that make our world more productive. I think computers have a positive impact on people. Computers help people with hand-eye coordination, see distant places, and converse with others online. That's what computers can do to help make our society better. First, computers can teach us hand-eye coordination. By playing games, we can use what we learn in real life. A boy can play football online and then use what he learns in a real football game. Hand-eye coordination on a computer can help us learn new things about our society. We can use what we learn to discover new things and help us connect with our community as a whole. These skills also help us do more at once. Multitasking, a difficult task for hand-eye coordination and computers, just got easier. The second productive task that can help us is learning. Some people don't know that computers can lead us to news like a huge use for computers. Another positive effect of computers on people is communication. Many people have twitter, facebook, myspce, etc, all of which can help. Products like skpe, video chat, targeting, and email allow people to have conversations online. Email is something with a lot of new ideas. You can't just say you can do business, send pictures, invites and announcements. These products are used in schools, offices and companies around the world, and they not only make society a better place, but the world as well. In conclusion, computers do have a positive impact on people all over the world. They help you with hand-eye coordination, help you see distant places, and help people communicate. The girl who did her homework got an A, and the girl who was talking about her agreed to be reunited with her family.
Dear Newspaper @CAPS1, I believe that computers and superior technology are good for society as it can help hand-eye coordination, it will be an easy way to learn about distant places and cultures, and you will be able to save and use your time more wisely. First, everyone needs hand-eye coordination, otherwise, you'll either stab the ball in the other direction or get hit in the face by it. Computers are also good for children's education, they can help you discover and learn about distant places. For example, if a student is taking @PERSON3 @LOCATION1 in their @CAPS2 @CAPS3 class, @PERSON1 in their @CAPS4 class or @PERSON2 in their music class, instead of pulling out an old, dusty biography book, It will be easier to see them on search engines. Finally, computers are good for parents who work or stay at home every day, because if you have to get in touch with someone or business quickly, you don't have to risk looking in the phone book and that person or business isn't there, just go to @NUM1 .com Enter last name or company name and you're all set. Also, if your kids hate screaming and running around the house, you can set up an educational game for them so you can do chores. Here are the three most important reasons why I think computers are good for society. They are hand-eye coordination, learning skills and saving time in everyday life.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I think there are three reasons why computers have bad effects on people. One is that they can really hurt your eyes, and the other is that it's not safe if you have kids in your home. The last three, if you're on a computer, you'll never see your family or friends. The first reason is that computers have a bad effect on people, it can really hurt your eyes. If you stare at a computer screen all the time, you can go blind. If you have bad eyes, you could end up with a serious head injury by hurting your eyes. The second reason why computers have bad effects on people is that it is not safe if you have young children in your home. It's like you can watch adult movies, little kids aren't old enough to see if it's going to have a bad effect on people, because you won't have, if you have a kid in the house, he'll always be he'll probably hear some Very very very kids love music, @CAPS3 if you have a kid's house the reason computers have a bad effect on people is if you are always on the computer you will never see your family, @CAPS3 if You're always on a computer you'll miss, you'll never see, and don't @CAPS3 rent on a computer. @CAPS3 what do you look like, leave the kids at home. Finally get off the computer to see your family and friends.
In this day and age, computers are a critical part of business, education, and entertainment that benefit our society. First of all, you can get a better education from them, plus, it's a great way to connect with people. Finally, it can even teach hand-eye coordination that you use in your daily life. My first point is that you can use them for a better education. For example, the textbooks used in social studies in our school still refer to @LOCATION3 as @LOCATION1. Computers are a great way to get the latest information about the world. â€œAs our school textbooks are out of date, @CAPS1 is our first choice for information.â€ @CAPS2 @PERSON2 8th grade teacher. With a computer, you can learn about distant places without learning the comforts of your own home. Besides getting a good education from them, computers are an important means of communication. I remember when I was in @NUM1 grade my dad was traveling around the world. Our cell phones can't make long distance calls, so we rely on computers to communicate with each other. This helped me overcome my father's absence. When you use your computer to communicate, you are also saving money. "You can save more than @MONEY1 a year. When you communicate on your phone with @CAPS1." @CAPS2 @PERSON1, electronics expert. Finally, using a computer can improve hand-eye coordination. With all the typing you do on the keyboard, your hand dexterity increases by a second. In fact, "@PERCENT1's computer users are more attuned to their day, as opposed to those who don't have a computer." @CAPS3 A recent pole in @LOCATION2 times. In this day and age, hand-eye coordination is essential. Also, don't you want your hands to work without looking? As you can see, computers will benefit society and everyone who uses them. They are a great benefit of @CAPS4 for their educational and business needs. Thanks for listening.
Dear @CAPS1, people love computers, @CAPS2 is a well-known fact. They are like a dry, addictive and incorrigible. Despite the belief that computers are very beneficial to our daily lives. You can play @ORGANIZATION1, listen to music, watch movies, and even learn a language on your computer. So in all respects the computer is not bad. @ORGANIZATION1 Interesting. They help us relax. In this day and age, @ORGANIZATION1 just doesn't give people the joy they experienced when they were young. Computers @ORGANIZATION1, they are replacements. Imagine playing baseball with friends who live miles away while still being a kid in @LOCATION1, or embarking on your workout adventure. Computer @ORGANIZATION1 breaks boundaries and gives you a higher level or "you get the mail". Many people hear this phrase more than once a day. Many, and I mean millions. @CAPS2 alerted that someone sent you an email. @CAPS4 is the message. Sent via @CAPS7, faster than any service. Instead of waiting @NUM1 days for a letter, you can send a message to your friends in just a few minutes. Microsoft @CAPS3 @CAPS4 and other electronic messaging systems are a superior means of communication that allow us to talk to the world! As silly as it sounds, you want @CAPS5 to send a message to anyone with a message box. Suppose you went to a movie, but you don't own it. With a computer with a dose drive you can watch any @CAPS6. Even better, you can download available movie media @CAPS7 and you can watch them with just a click of the mouse. Computers are full of gadgets and accessories that make our lives easier. @ORGANIZATION1, movies, @CAPS4 anything you can't possibly use on your computer. They are the perfect toll for modern society.
Dear @CAPS1: Some people think that computers are good for society. Others, however, felt they were too draining. For me, I believe that computers can help society. Computers teach hand-eye coordination, people, and even allow computers to chat with other people online. I bet your job requires you to use a computer, and you might even have a personal computer that you like to use to chat with friends. I do it all the time and I love it. Another thing I like is exercise. One of my favorite sports is softball. In softball, you need hand-eye coordination, which will help you hit the ball more accurately. You have to put the bat at the right angle when the pitcher is pitching, know when to swing by looking at the ball, and if kids use computers and are good at hand-eye coordination, more kids may join their local sports teams, and maybe even Join the travel team. do you like travel? I did and that's why I know about places before I go by looking up that particular place on the internet. About three years ago, I went on vacation to @LOCATION1. I wanted to know what it was like because I had never been there before so when I looked up they had a lot of tourist attractions and "packages" that let you swim with dolphins and I was so excited to go when I did , I'm biased, think if I don't look it up, I don't know what fun stuff they have! No wonder so many people love computers! One of the biggest reasons I love computers is because I can chat with my friends online. A major online attraction is @CAPS2, mostly everyone has one. Some people have one because they like to look at pictures. I have one because I love chatting with friends. I was chatting with a friend one night and we had a good laugh and she reminded me that we had our science homework done the next day! I thanked her and finished my work. You'll see kids chatting online and whether their friends can remind them of important necessities like homework. This might improve @PERCENT1's grades! So you now understand why society needs computers, and if you forgot, let me remind you: computers teach you hand-eye coordination, let you know faraway places and people, and now allow you to chat online. Just imagine what a society without computers would be like.
Dear local newspaper, have you ever used a computer? A population computer that exceeds @PERCENT1 benefits society, making people around the world smarter and more advanced. Computers help people learn things and stay connected with family and friends! They @MONTH1 are a little addicted too, but people know when to stop. Computers have brought us a long way! Computers are great tools for dealing with new things. Great sites like search engines, dictionaries and even @CAPS1 actually encourage us to learn about the "wealth" of tropical @LOCATION1. Giving people easy access to the tools that help us acquire knowledge through computers can become more advanced in many of our lives. For example by working on a computer, scientists can develop new theories and discover things indeed! Computers also have websites and programs that can help you not be family and friends! "My last contact with many high school friends," explained @PERSON1, "computers via email and Facebook are a great way to keep in touch with them!" Computers for sites including facebook and myspace help people stay in touch Connect/find family and friends. I realize that many people live longer and become friends if they don't have access to the Internet. But with the help of friends, people become lively and happy! While computers are good for this, they @MONTH1 are addictive. Some of me @MONTH1 can get addicted. But on the other hand, it feels right if he can make his own decisions about something. If people want to spend countless hours sitting in front of glowing technology, so be it. no one. Computer anyone is unconstitutional. Most people, including most people, understand that computers are a useful and frenetic source of technology. @NUM1 out of @NUM1,000 people around the world are addicted to computers. From childhood to adulthood, we can all become addicted to computers. In conclusion, computers have a positive impact on people. They teach to help stay connected and not get addicted. Therefore, they are very beneficial to the world, people and technology.
If you ask me, computers will soon become a huge problem in our way of life. Computers are just another material thing that everyone has and seems to benefit from, but they're not '@CAPS1. This technology is taking away people's freedom and will, and they don't even notice it. I am well aware that things need to change. First, computers are yet another distraction from our daily lives. I think it's safe to admit that we don't need '@CAPS1. Disruptions like these keep us from doing the things we need to do, like exercising. Everyone wants to lose weight, but they can' @CAPS1 because they want to check out websites or talk to friends. So it's almost a lazy distraction. Would you really give up your health for something so materialistic? If we keep clicking, healthy people over @PERCENT1 will become obese. I think we need to reform this issue as soon as possible. Like not promoting a website on so many @CAPS1.V networks, or keeping computers off for a week, anything that gets people outside enjoying the life they deserve. Moving on, do you ever find yourself asking your child how to use a computer? Don't you see how sad that is? Our future leaders are already focusing on the web's gaming, e-mail and instant messaging. It's clear that they've spent too much time online. This is a worrying fact, as more and more children are devoting less and less to schoolwork each year because they have better things to do, such as chatting with friends or watching funny videos online. It's scary because these kids are our future leaders. This is a pivotal point in their lives. They need to know things now so their future doesn't hang in the balance. Instead of getting into the habit of going online every day, why not get into the habit of trying to get all your homework done every night? Things in children's lives need to change before they can pay the price later in life. All in all, many aspects of our way of life need to change. Whether it's working at school or losing weight. So I think the best thing to do is for us to take out or reduce our computer usage to reduce distractions in our lives, rather than having our world revolve around clicks.
As proven by @PERSON2, the best @CAPS1 majors over @PERCENT1 kids either have a desktop, laptop or some type of internet access. What do you think about this? Well, my computers are taking people's time (like kids) instead of letting them get work done. Also, computers not only let people talk to their friends, but also lead to @CAPS5 bullying. In the end, @CAPS1 also just makes parents more nervous because they have to pay another bill for the internet. The kids now go home every day to change their clothes, log directly into the computer, start chatting with friends, listen to music, and it all sounds good, telling their transcripts are back, and they find that half of their classes have failed. I remember when my friend @CAPS3 came home for a change of food and logged in directly from the computer. As the years passed, she noticed that she had two problems. She was overweight and failed all courses. She noticed there was no need to be on the computer, so for the next half-mouth, she cut back on the time she spent on @CAPS1 doing homework and started this which leads me to believe kids have @CAPS1. As proven by @PERSON3, kids over @PERCENT2 have bin syber bullying or @CAPS5 bullying someone. All of this happens when the kids aren't being watched or bored and nitpicking someone. What should we do People asked @PERSON1 and she said better take away @CAPS1. I remember when I read about the one year old girl on the new channels.com it was about @CAPS5 being bullied but never. This shows that children around the world can be cyberbullied at any time.
Dear local paper, computers are a waste of time! Those who say they help are just using that as an excuse. Some say they are good for researching and talking to people. You can do both of these things without a computer. A computer is just a waste of money that affects your way of life. People spend hours talking to people on their computers. You don't need to do this. You can use the phone instead and call them. After a study, they proved that talking on the phone is cheaper than using a computer. In this economy why wouldn't you want to save money and at the same time get the same thing on a computer, you're not really talking to the people you're really just typing them. This can be very dangerous. Who knows if the person you're talking to is really who you think you are. Why risk it when you can use your phone! Using a computer is like smoking a cigarette. Very addicting! People spend hours in front of the computer every day without exercising. If you're just sitting there moving your hands, you're not really burning calories. This is a big problem! Obesity is already on the rise as the number of fast food restaurants increases, and computers are making it worse. Worst of all, parents don't care that some kids play @NUM1 hours a day on the computer, and parents don't encourage them to go out. Children need movement to be active or they will never start and they will get bigger. We need a group to help stop this or @PERCENT1 in @LOCATION1 will get fat before you know it. Another excuse for computer hobbyists is that they say they are studying a country. Even if this @MONTH1 is true, there are other ways to do this. Why not ride your bike to the library and buy a book about the country. By doing this, you will burn calories and learn the same things you do with a computer. Also, not everything on the internet is true, so you may have false information. By getting a book, you know it's true. Computer lovers never leave them overnight @MONTH1 It takes a month or two, but if we take new action we can make a change and stop it. Computers are a waste of money. You can easily live without them, and the world is a better place without them. People are lazy and use excuses to explain why they need a computer. If you're stuck on your computer for @NUM1 hours a day, you'll never have any family memories. All you'll remember is when you're on the computer, and who wants that.
Dear newspapers @CAPS1 @CAPS2, you think kids spend a lot of time on computers. The problem that is happening is that @CAPS2 computers are both good and bad for people. I firmly believe they have bad effects on people. I believe this is because people spend more time on the computer than they @CAPS2 exercise. Another reason is that it is thought to teach hand-eye coordination, as does movement and play. My last reason is that people argue that it helps you understand people and distant places, but books @CAPS2 are the same thing. I know a lot of people think that computers have great results, but the truth is they have bad. First off, people spend more on computers than they spend on @CAPS2 workouts. People would rather stay at home and play games online and then go out and play tag or any sport. In one conversation, someone said, "In @LOCATION1 a lot of people are overweight" and also said the number of people who are overweight in the world is @LOCATION2". So I believe people should get computers and exercise. Second, people think it teaches hand and eye Coordination, but @CAPS2 movement. Instead of learning hand-eye coordination on the computer. You can learn hand-eye coordination outside. Again, instead of sitting in front of the computer your outside has fun running around while learning hand-eye coordination. Mine The last reason is that people think that people use it to learn about distant places and people, but they also have books. People would rather look up stuff on a computer, but as soon as they start playing games or computers. And some of the information might not even be true. Because people keep hacking sights and changing things, but you can't hack a book. The only thing you can @CAPS2 change it is to rip pages and that will just waste your money on a new book. So I believe books are more reliable. Now It's time for you to make a decision. @CAPS2 Computers are good and bad. I believe computers have bad effects on people. Other things can teach you extraordinary hand-eye coordination and other great resources about other places, then computers. The bottom line is that people should spend more time on the computer exercising them @CAPS2. Now is the time for you to keep putting it on the front page of your newspaper and let the world know.
Dear @LOCATION1, I am writing to give you my views on the impact of computers on people. My point is that computers have a positive impact on people. The first reason is that they provide the ability to understand people and places in the world. Another reason is that computers bring unity to the nation and the world. The last reason is that it can help you organize and find work. Now I'll move on to detailing my first reason. When I have a school project about a celebrity or a place in the world, I know the computer will give me more information than a book. If I do this project in a place and I want to know how far from where I live, or what the weather is like in that place, all I have to do is type it in a search engine and the computer will give me a bunch of websites can answer my question. Now, if you can't draw a picture for your biographical project, enter the name of the person you're doing on a search engine, don't enter a picture or photo, and you'll see a bunch of pictures of that person. Now I'll move on to my second reason. Computers have brought the unification of nations and the world, think for example social networks like @CAPS1, @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 where millions of people can talk to them. What about the @ORGANIZATION1 webcam, where you can meet people face-to-face. With the recent earthquakes in @LOCATION2 and @LOCATION3, you can spread the word to family or friends and tell them to support and help those in need. Now I'll move on to my last reason. Computers are everywhere, and there is no job without computers. That means you need to know how to use a computer to get a job.
Dear @LOCATION1 @CAPS1, lately the computer is considered a distracting and useless device. I personally think they have a lot to offer everyone, and everyone can help us understand things and topics that we couldn't understand before. Computers now also make people lazy or physically unwell, but it's up to the person. They can easily go play and talk with family and friends if they want. Computers have also not become important and learning to make information easier than it used to be. The most popular and common computer nowadays is communication. Websites are invented based on the main idea of communication. Computers are an essential part of life in the future, it's harmless or useless. Unfortunately, we have been able to use computers in many useful ways. Learn and research new and important things. Research and collect data to cure designs that work on machines. They are now an important and useful part of the jobs people have now. Almost everything published or shown to the public is done by computer. So people's job is to work and study on the computer. Like your job of printing a sheet of paper every week or day. Before printing, you use your computer to edit and organize your paper. Therefore, basic computer skills are important for people to take on new jobs and day-to-day jobs. There are rumors that computers are too time-consuming and unhealthy for a person. Computers are optional things that people use when they need them. This person can go out to meet friends and family. Go to the gym, a vacation without a computer. Yes, they are a lot of fun to use, they do a lot and don't need air or water. For us, you can live a week without a computer. You can take a walk, read a book, and hang out with your family without the stress of computer time. If you're worried about it, take a break. You can do things without a computer. Computer learning is a recent thing, in @CAPS2 they will learn reading or other programs in a computer lab. Mostly studying or writing papers in my grade. Research courses and produce projects. Computers are useful at school. You can also read about new topics and learn new things on the computer, which might help you in a class or study. The biggest use of computer nowadays is to communicate through many websites like youtube, facebook, myspace and many others. They allow people to exchange their thoughts and opinions. Talk to distant friends and family without high phone bills. Watch politics and daily weather news. Almost all communication methods can be done with a computer. So now you see that computers are an important and useful thing for everyday technology at our fingertips. It's not unhealthy or time consuming unless you allow your computer to use that.
Letter to @CAPS1 I disagree with so-called "experts" claiming that computers can negatively affect people. The thought of cutting back on family and friends is a sad argument. Social networking sites like @CAPS2 or @CAPS3 allow @CAPS22 with all your friends @CAPS4 and other online games to help you meet new friends who may be hundreds of miles away! Twiter is great when you just want to say something like "@CAPS5 to @LOCATION1" quickly. @CAPS18 allows you to chat with friends, comment on their videos and subscribe to them, plus it provides hours of free entertainment. Computers can also provide fun games and entertainment to users. There are a lot of free games like @PERSON1 with endless possibilities. @PERSON1 @PERSON1 (produced by @CAPS6) claims to be the most popular @CAPS7 on the web (@CAPS8 @CAPS9 Online @CAPS10-playing @CAPS11). You can upgrade your combat skills: Attack, Defense, Strength, Ranged and Magic. Alternatively, you can upgrade skills like wood cutting, prayer, farming, fishing, mining, and cooking. @PERSON1, like most @CAPS4, has tasks of varying difficulty. For example, for one mission, you have to kill a demon, but for another mission, just find a missing cat. There are more than @NUM1 missions, and there will never be fewer than @NUM2 people playing at a time. Some other notable @CAPS13 games are @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS14: @CAPS15, @CAPS16 from @CAPS17, @ORGANIZATION2, @LOCATION2 and @ORGANIZATION1. As you can see, this PC has an impressive list of entertaining @CAPS11 for all ages, not to mention sites like @CAPS18 or addictive games. Computers don't really affect exercise. It's a personal choice, so you have to choose between @CAPS2 or the basketball court. It's like saying that @CAPS20 boards stopped kids from exercising until we had computers or video @CAPS11 consoles. Computers don't actually stop us from exercising. This is our thinking and our judgment. If you judge badly, you'll be in there all day tweeting and @CAPS21. With strong willpower and willpower, you can overcome bad decisions and get to exercise or hit the gym. All it takes is good judgment. To recap what I said, @CAPS22 is a lot on the computer, and there are plenty of options on how to do it. Many sites make us happy and we should take advantage of it. Not to mention you can buy games like @CAPS16 of @CAPS17 or @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS14: @CAPS15 for your @CAPS13! Computers don't actually get in the way of exercising, just get out of a chair and exercise with good judgment.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, @CAPS4 puts everything that humanity knows within reach. @CAPS4 has endless sources of information in your own home. Didn't you always want it all? So the question is, do computers have a positive impact on people? I firmly believe that computers do benefit society. First, the computer teaches you hand-eye coordination. The main method is typing. As you type, you start looking at the keys, but eventually you remember all the positions of the keys. In addition, computer games teach hand-eye coordination. Is it possible for you to win the game if you don't look at the screen? While the computer teaches you hand-eye coordination, you can use it for other things too. For example, you definitely need it for sports or more. Specifically, baseball. If you have poor hand-eye coordination, you will not be able to catch or hit the ball while swinging. Hand-eye coordination is important. Second, computers give people the ability to form about places and people. When people decide when to take time off, they go online. doing what. Why you should travel in a place is that you are back. Many people use the internet to research other countries. When the eighth grade did report their information. Eighty-seven percent of the Internet. Finally; some people say that computers keep you from interacting with family and friends, but actually computers allow you to communicate with family and friends all over the world. Wouldn't it be nice to be in a different country with your loved one? The primary means of communicating online is @CAPS5-mail or @CAPS6 @CAPS7. These allow you to message someone faster and easier. It's easier to remember someone's @CAPS5 email address than to just settle a simple call on the phone, when you can actually see the person? It's like they're in the room with you. A computer is a great way to talk to someone. Why wait? A computer is a great way to improve hand-eye coordination. You can study faraway people and places and see what life is like around the world. Best of all, you can connect with family and friends online via @CAPS8, @CAPS5-mail or @CAPS10. There is no doubt that computers are good for society. So go and share this information with other people and convince them that computers are positive.
Computers have no negative effects on people. They keep you connected with your family, help you with school work, and also allow you to play video games and find music. A computer allows you to keep in touch with family and friends. Find a place to live. what they did and what they were doing. It allows you to send emails and lets you see friends who have moved far away. Computers can also help you get to school. They can help you find answers to questions your teacher might ask. They can help you write reports or general reports on any topic. Also, there are many sites you can visit; there is a book for you to help. These sites can also take you to your school website. That way, if you forget your homework, you have a place to check. Even if you miss most of the paper, my questions are on the internet so you can get your assignments done. Another common thing computer use ten is browsing movies. It's an old movie or a new version. Computers do the same thing for music. Anything from @CAPS1 to @CAPS2 to country and back will do. Or new @CAPS3 shows and music can be found. Video games are also very popular. A lot of people play these because; people can make friends. Chat with friends you haven't seen in a long time. They don't get bored. If it rains, it has no effect on the game here. And, if you're going to talk to their people, there's always someone who will listen to you and possibly become your friend. So the computer is not a waste. They can keep you connected and free your new friends from finding everything in @CAPS4 shows, music and movies.
Dear local paper, I think it would be better if people went outside to exercise and enjoy nature to interact with family and friends there. Maybe more teens and adults will be better and healthier if you hang out with family and friends. Let's say we jump out of bed, eat some breakfast, and go to the park to play with your family and friends. I think a lot of family and friends spend a lot of time on the computer or in the lab because if they're on the computer for too long then they don't want to go out and date their friends there. More and more people use computers. But not everyone agrees with this statement. I think it's best to fix this and get everyone outside to get some fresh air with family and friends. But some people think that's not the right thing to do. Those who believe that those who support technological progress believe that computers have a positive impact on people. Well, I don't think that's the way to go because you need to go outside and get some. Fresh air with people. But if you want to keep using the computer, you can, but I think it should be just a little bit, because some people have a kind of happiness that they have to work while they work. Sometimes people have to work on a computer every day, so if that's the case, I think they should use a labtop or computer out loud. However, if you are a teenager, you should only continue if you need an internship or write a dissertation. But if you continue to just keep talking to your friends, it's a waste of time in someone's life. Well, at least that's how my life is. I think as a teenager you should study hard to do your homework instead of on the computer because I think it's better to make sure your grades don't make you fail in school life. So that's why it's best to make sure you're not on the computer all the time and chatting with your friends on the computer all day, because that could set you up for failure in life. I'll just keep talking to your friends. That's why I don't think it's right to spend all your time on the computer. Jump outside with friends and family and take aim in the weather outside. I hope teens and adults start going out now because it's better for all of us and everyone will be healthy. if they try the program. If you try this program, it really works for all of you, it will work, you will be healthy and you won't feel bad about yourself.
Dear @MONTH1 who cares, I know everyone who doesn't use a computer is why people are affected by computers. Well, I think computers are better than newspapers, where you can find news, of course, but wheat, homes for sale, tv shows, jobs and other things the same way as @CAPS1, but it likes virtual. It's good for society for some reason. Sometimes computers can negatively affect people, but it also teaches people how to read, write, type, learn, and more. We can talk to other people, we can see pictures of people we don't need, we can google things we don't need, and it helps when they need to find their way in a map quest. Negative issues with having a computer with internet, certain age inappropriate websites. Kids are on sites their parents don't like, on @CAPS1 looking for boys they meet, people making plans with someone the day after they go missing. I think if the experts take away the computer, the kids will definitely be angry and frustrated and have nothing to do but play video games and go out, these are my opinions.
Computers help in everyone's life. New things can be learned from them. They can provide a way to connect with others. They make writing so much easier. Overall, they have a good impact on the world. Technology allows everyone to explore new topics. If something is entered in @ORGANIZATION1, the results will pop up in a few seconds. Click on these and the required information will be displayed. Computers also help with research papers. The Internet allows for a more detailed final draft. Learning benefits grades at school or at work. It's always good to be able to contact anyone who is wanted. Using computers, people can use @CAPS1, talk on @CAPS2, and even talk to loved ones via webcam. On @CAPS2, added pictures so anyone who wasn't able to attend the event can now see what it was like. Webcams connected to computers allow people to talk face-to-face with other people they haven't seen in months. These are all good examples of why computers have a positive impact on humans. Writing a dissertation can be a daunting and tedious task. On a computer, you can type words without having to use an eraser for spelling mistakes. These are picked up by spell check. This way, no points will be penalized for spelling mistakes. Sometimes @MONTH1's handwriting is sloppy. These difficulties can be solved by typing programs on the computer. Therefore, computers must have a positive impact on people. They teach new things. They allow people to connect with other people from afar. They can also easily grade papers. It follows from this that computers are beneficial to the society we live in today.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1, I noticed why someone would want to stay in on such a nice sunny day. The sad truth is that too many people waste time on the computer instead of enjoying the day. Computers are negatively affecting the @LOCATION1 @LOCATION1 population. If nothing is done about this, our entire world could go absolutely crazy. For one thing, @LOCATION1 has the world's most obese children. In general, kids should run around to burn calories; even some teenagers should. Instead, kids sit in front of computer screens and play virtual games and e-mails, among other things. Even doing chores around the house reduces obesity rates more than sitting on your butt and staring at a screen all day. The whole screen thing got me thinking about the next point. Staring at those dazzling flashes for too long is not good for your brain, computers cause @NUM1 of @NUM2 children with strokes. Radioactive material in your computer can also give you cancer so you can get stuck, there is no cure for any cancer, but you have to figure out that every time you spend too much time on your computer you are putting your life at risk middle. The longer you are, the more and more radiation will enter your brain. Do you really want to shorten your life knowing that you are the one who did it to yourself? It could almost be called suicide because if you read this you are warned. So we've basically covered the effects of computers on your body. Computers can also affect you mentally and socially. When @DATE1 comes, you will have all the time in the world on a computer, but did you know that during the holidays you will lose everything you learned in school @PERCENT1. It turns out that computers can cause memory loss. So what if you go back to school and can't keep up with what's going on, isn't it frustrating? If you just read a book while using your computer, you probably gained knowledge instead of using it. The computer affects your social interaction because not everyone wants to sit on the computer, so when people go out and play, you will be alone, alone, and no one can talk but the computer, you want the computer to be your only friend? ? The debate on this topic could go on for days and still have no winner, but honestly when you turn on that computer and think to yourself, is it really worth it? Think about all that you will lose, all that you will never get back, or that you would rather do something you will gain from it in the future. It's your choice, but there is enough responsibility to make the choice in your favor.
Dear Editor, Computers are becoming more common in @LOCATION1. It is not good for society that people spend too much time on the computer instead of other activities. Because of computers, people lack exercise, miss out on enjoying nature and the rest of the world, and forget about interacting with family and friends. Computers should be used in moderation, not in place of other important events in our lives. First, computer users get significantly less exercise than non-computer users. According to a survey done by @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, only @PERCENT1 computer users report that they exercise at least once a week. In contrast, @PERCENT2's non-computer users (those who use computers infrequently) report that they exercise at least once a week. Can you imagine what it would be like if everyone was a loyal computer user? Almost everyone is overweight, lethargic from sleep deprivation from prolonged computer use, and otherworldly. Exercise is an essential part of everyone's life, and a lack of exercise can be detrimental to a person's health. Moving away from the computer and exercising instead will make the country healthier and healthier. Computers not only deprive people of the right to exercise, but they also prevent people from enjoying nature and the rest of the world. By traveling to @CAPS1 and unfamiliar places in the world, people are able to experience and learn about other cultures. Going online @MONTH1 is a great way to get to know another place, but actually experiencing the atmosphere and environment of a foreign country can give you a deeper understanding of another place. For example. When I went on vacation to @LOCATION2, I learned about traditions and cultural differences. As I go from the humble shark by the river to the ominous, tall buildings scraping the sky, I see the separation between the rich and the poor. This is an experience I can't experience on a computer. People should be able to enjoy the wonder and difference of the world, not on the small screen of the computer, but through the screen of the eyes. Finally, computers prevent people from interacting with family and friends. From my personal experience, I tend to ignore friends and family. Talking, playing and socializing with others is an important part of everyone's life. Without this basic necessity, people cannot be happy. In conclusion, the computer should not be used excessively. This usage can be understood as people who are less physically active, unable to fully experience the world, and disrupted interactions with friends and family. To build a better country and nation, the people of @LOCATION1 @LOCATION1 should work to reduce computer usage.
Dear Newspaper I think computers have a positive effect on people and this is my reason. You can get in touch with people, if you have a problem, you can look it up, and you can get your work done on your computer. I think these reasons also keep you positive. Many people love computers and own one. My number one reason is that you can get in touch with friends and family. I think this is a good reason because if your grandma lives in @LOCATION2, you don't want to see her every time you live in @LOCATION1. You'll use your computer to chat with her in real time, so you don't have to drive there. You can plan a day to meet her if you want. You will use your computer to get in touch with friends. If you need to ask them a question about the assignment, they can answer it. This is my first reason why computers have a positive impact on people. My second reason is that if you have a computer, you can look up the problems you will have. If you need to know the contents of some large report and your friends are not around, you can look up your computer. If you need answers, computers can help you a lot. If you have a computer, you will have a hard time getting things done. That's why I think computers can answer your question. My third reason is that you can work on a computer. If you're a stay-at-home mom, you can work on your computer to deal with your finances. Many people work on computers to protect the environment. When I'm older, I'll probably work on a computer because it's easier. That's why I think you can work on a computer. The reason I chose it is that you can keep in touch with family and friends, you can find problems you might have, and you can work on your computer. I hope you have a positive attitude towards computers and they can help you. People may think they are not your brain, not that they do not help and understand you. Lots of people love and own one. I think you should also have a positive attitude towards computers.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 people at my school are sitting on their computers after school. They don't go out and enjoy nature. Visit with family and friends and even exercise. @CAPS2 people are affected by this. Going outside can increase your knowledge, you can go for a walk in the woods. @CAPS2 will discover interesting new species while you're on a walk. Also, you can play with your friends or siblings when you are outside. There are a lot of kids in the @CAPS2 neighborhood and you can start picking baseball games. You can also build new things. You can find a large tree and build a tree house or tire swing with your family. Going out and having fun will give you a lot of fun activities. When kids sit at the computer, they don't interact with family or friends there. During @DATE1, you can go to the beach with friends. Cool down without spending money on an air conditioner. You @MONTH1 also found an opportunity to enter a different state for the day. Or you could travel across the country to see your sick grandmother or your newly named cousin. Going to a picnic will give you time to meet new people. You can invite friends and ask them to bring a new friend for the whole team to meet. You'll also have plenty of delicious food, who wouldn't want one? Going somewhere with your family and friends can be a wild experience worth it. The kids of @PERCENT1 choose to use the computer instead of exercising. Children can become overweight. On the computer @CAPS2 kids eat. Eating for a few hours a day is not a good idea. You can go out and play on the school basketball team or trail running. Once you join a team, you'll make new friends and have a day's worth of workouts. You'll learn @CAPS2 life skills as you work out in a team. You will learn about the benefits of teamwork and working alone. Therefore, exercising is a very important role in your life. Why choose a computer? You won't be able to enjoy the outdoors. Or spend time with family and friends. You will become overweight and unhappy. So, don't choose the computer, choose another activity!
To @CAPS1 @CAPS6 @MONTH1 Follow: @CAPS2 I was told you think more and more people are using computers, but not everyone agrees that it is good for society. I strongly disagree, I think computers have a positive impact on people. Let computers teach hand-eye coordination, let people learn about @CAPS3 and far-flung places, and even let people chat online with friends or family. Don't you want your child to grow up with hand-eye coordination? More parents than @PERCENT1 voted up. Many statistics show that adults and children who use a computer for an hour or more a day have better hand-eye coordination than normal adults or children who use @CAPS6 only once a week. By using your computer for more than an hour a day, your typing speed will become faster and your reflexes will increase. Typing faster not only affects your computer skills, but @CAPS6 can also help you exercise outside the home. For example, if you play sports baseball, if you use your computer for more than an hour a day, you will pitch faster than @PERCENT2! If you're a batter, you'll also increase your score on the field more than @PERCENT2! Just use a computer. Is time running out for your @CAPS3 project? Without a computer, you won't be able to get the information you need fast enough. Dr. @DR1 from @ORGANIZATION1 said "You can get information from the computer from the same people in other countries and @CAPS3. By using the computer, you can get it as easily as a book. Also, you have to buy the book to get them information, unlike computers, they don't look you up and are expensive, don't settle for less to get the best! @PERCENT3 over @CAPS4 Old friends who have family leave the state they still want to stay in. Connect with them by having a computers, you can chat with them via webcam! You can chat with them and still see their flesh, instead of calling them or emailing them! Some computer owners say, "@CAPS5 actually Hang out with them like you! "@CAPS6 will take at least NUM1 days to hear back or email from them, if they live far away with a computer @CAPS5 instant! You don't want to be talking to friends and family every day instead of waiting for phone calls, emails or letters? I Think yes. All in all, having a computer is a huge investment. I would also like to point out that without a computer, you won't be able to talk online with friends/family, have better hand-eye coordination, or even understand at the click of a button @CAPS3! Isn't that what you want?
Dear Newspaper Editor, Have you ever written a paper or read some words you have never heard of? And you just can't figure it out? There is a computer out there that can help you. Yes, some people do waste all their time online, but they have problems. Computers help us with all our school projects and research. You can @CAPS3 reconnect with old friends you haven't seen in years and learn a lot of good things through the internet and computer. First, we wouldn't be able to do some of the things we do without computers. @CAPS1 The American School Project, I've been using the @ORGANIZATION1 word and powerpoint. Our teachers prefer us to do this instead of handwriting anything. It's much faster and easier to get information on a computer, I mean it takes you @NUM1 times as long to look up the word "elephant" in an encyclopedia than it would take to google it. Add in about @NUM2 1/@NUM2 seconds Google calls millions of websites and that's "elephant". Another reason computers are so beneficial is that you can reconnect with old friends you haven't seen or talked to in years. You can @CAPS3 meet the new @CAPS1 we date and facebook, especially three things, and sites like twitter where you can follow celebrities and @CAPS2, computers are the ones the internet provides a lot of information. Some kids accepting @CAPS3 @CAPS4 online does make real choices around the computer. So, all in all, computers can benefit people a lot, and I know it's not a good thing to sit around and play computer games all day, but we get things done, like school projects, or whatever. @CAPS3 Nice to meet someone you haven't contacted in a while. We have learned a lot of great things from the internet. I hope you will consider my opinion.
Dear Editor @ORGANIZATION2 Source @CAPS1, I have noticed that many people are already spending too much time using their computers. This is something that needs to stop because it imports people's health, safety and education. To open my disclaimer, overuse of @ORGANIZATION2 computers can lead to poor health. Take my friend @PERSON1 for example. He sits on his home computer @DATE1 playing games, continuing @CAPS2 and @CAPS3. He rarely gets any exercise, and he almost never sees daylight. @PERSON1 @LOCATION1 gained @NUM1 lbs which is causing obesity and heart problems. He even wears wooden teeth as his overall hygiene has also declined. Another common health problem from overusing @ORGANIZATION2 computers is arthritis. @PERSON3 @ORGANIZATION2 Dr. @ORGANIZATION1 told @ORGANIZATION3, "@ORGANIZATION2 heavy typing on the keyboard can cause joint problems, arthritis and other joint-related issues." In fact, a study from @DATE2 to @DATE3 found The long-standing term @ORGANIZATION2 computer overuse has some shocking consequences. @PERCENT1 @ORGANIZATION2 Test subject sees doctor for joint pain. These health risks are concerning, but people's safety is a bigger concern. When people overuse computers, their safety and well-being are at risk. Because of @ORGANIZATION2 Internet, people have suffered serious injuries and scams. On @DATE4, a girl named @PERSON5 was kidnapped and taken to @LOCATION2. She met a man named @PERSON6 on @CAPS4.com and he convinced her to meet him at the airport. From them, she was taken to @CAPS5 and held for ransom. Every time people use their computers, they put themselves at risk. Dr. @PERSON4 @ORGANIZATION2 @ORGANIZATION2 claimed, â€œI @NUM2 @ORGANIZATION2 Internet-related kidnappings and other crimes. Victims are people who use computers excessively and access the Internet frequently. Safety is one of the most important things in @ORGANIZATION2â€™s life. But people's education also suffers. When people overuse computers, they affect their education. The internet holds false information and can waste @ORGANIZATION2 people's time. When students are giving presentations, they often use the internet to Get information. Sites like @CAPS6 and @ORGANIZATION4 are the most used. This can be a big deal. Did you know that @PERCENT2 @ORGANIZATION2 information on the internet is wrong? That's more than half of @ORGANIZATION2 it! The internet can be too A waste of time. My brother @PERSON2 was tasked with doing @DATE1. He used @CAPS2 to stand for @NUM3 hours and didn't even write his paper. He got zero on that grade. Finally, overuse your computer Can cause health problems, put your safety at risk, and compromise your education.
Dear editor, have you ever used a computer? You have odds, which means you know how handy and aggressive computers are. Did you know that @PERCENT1 of all @CAPS1 uses the computer a lot? These technological marvels offer many ways to communicate and learn, showing that computers have had an extremely positive impact on humanity. Who hasn't played games on a computer? Computers provide many forms of entertainment, such as games, music, and video. I used to have to drive @NUM1 hours to meet my grandma in @LOCATION1. The only thing that keeps me away from boredom on the go is my laptop, on which I play games and watch movies. Critics of computers argue that people who use computers never participate in physical activity. Sure, try exercising when you're crammed into a car driving @NUM2 @CAPS2, that's the positive effect the computer has on me. @DATE1 @TIME1 is @NUM3 and my mom is having a baby. Unfortunately none of my relatives have ever witnessed this baby come into this world as all live on the other side of @LOCATION2 @CAPS3 and this little setback didn't stop them from seeing the @LOCATION1 baby, thanks for the computer, They don't even have to leave their homes. This is because computers provide many ways to socialize, such as social networking sites. Within @NUM4 hours after the baby is born. There are so many pictures and videos on these social sites to make everyone love my @LOCATION1 little sister. Computers have made life easier for everyone. Last but not least, computers are not only great tools for schools, but necessary for a successful education. On a snowy day at @DATE2, I was assigned a research paper on @PERSON1. Too bad I didn't know anything about @PERSON1 so I asked my mom to drive me to the library to pick up some books for a presentation, but the library was closed due to snow and power outages. That's not a problem, though, since I only need to spend @NUM5 minutes searching for information on my computer, rather than hours navigating through countless pages in a book. Thanks to the computer, I got an A on my report. Overall, computers provide people with many useful uses. These fantastic machines can provide entertainment, socialize with people all over the world, and even provide information on any subject you want. @ORGANIZATION1 Reader, now you understand why computers are a positive for your life and everyone else's. I encourage you to spread this message to everyone and let them know all the benefits of using a computer.
I disagree that computers are for you, because if one you do nothing, you can meet bad people, and three you can be on the same bad thing. So if you want to know what's coming next, you must read on. The reason is you don't do anything because people need to do it now and because evebady has to lose his son stuff. But if you do nothing every day, your badass will get used to having fun and you won't be able to move or walk. Reason two, you can meet dad on the computer because people can't tell you all the things you want to know, they might do bad things, they can go through filters to want. Reason three, you can do bad things because you can say things to you about yourself, they are about things, you don't know they use you to do things you don't know, now tell someone else can tell you and tell everyone why , but they tell you that prolonged computer use can allow you to do great things. You don't do anything, you can really have it now you can do bad things. Now you know why using your computer for extended periods of time sucks. Now why would you be on your side. PS thin I got you so have time to read this.
Today, computers have many influences on people. Most of them are very good effects and can make you more confident. Computers can educate people, from learning about some ancient people to doing school projects. Computers can also entertain people. Finally, it can even increase your chances of getting a job or helping you get a job. Education is very important for most people, but since kids don't stay in school @NUM1, they use computers to teach kids, kids can learn about other places. This benefits us because we are learning something and growing our knowledge. Kids can also do their projects. Such as writing papers, their science fair projects, etc. Finally, children can learn about people from other eras. Such as famous musicians from long ago, celebrities, legends, hall of fame, etc. People are always looking for some kind of entertainment and the first place they go is the computer. Everyone loves entertainment and computers in the best plans. They can play various games. Games of the past or games of the future. And a whole bunch more: multiplayer, characters, castle defense, shnaler sports, racing, academies, and more. Another fun thing to do is interact with friends online, or even talk to any family members who don't live near you. Finally, you can watch funny videos, sad videos and music videos. Another reason why computers affect people is that they are in. Computers can teach people what they will do at work and what to expect. Plus, it lets you search for jobs. At your. Finally, it helps them allow them to visit web pages. In short, computers have people. It can increase their education, entertain them, even help them work, or help them find a job.
These are the many advancements in computer technology, with some for and against. Against it and tell you why. You spend less time exercising and you gain weight. Spend less time enjoying nature which means you get lost in anything natural and spend less time with friends and family which may prove to you that @CAPS1 @CAPS2 not that computers are bad , but to a large extent it certainly is. First, you spend less time exercising. You don't exercise you gain weight, you can do most of the things you can, and you risk your health. This is a bad thing because you are not yourself anymore and if it goes too far you can't even move. So if this sounds scary, plan your time on the computer so it doesn't happen to you, time is so limited that we waste it on computer stuff, so before you Think before you hit the computer, maybe you can go for a jog outside. Next, you spend less time playing with nature. Nature is so beautiful, but it is destroyed and we do nothing. Maybe they say there are only a few hundred of us who really help the environment, if you think that hundreds of thousands is a lot. @NUM100 million Earthlings. It's hilarious to see something so beautiful die, and there's nothing most of us can do. Finally, you spend less time with friends and family. This is the most important reason. Your family's entree is so important, if you will, because your best friends are all over the world. Your friends are important. Your family may leave you if you give your life to the computer if you are so careful. Your friends are just as important as your friends, they all make you laugh. Have good times and cheer you up when you're upset. Just don't forget that's gone. Well, here are my three reasons against working on a computer, and they all sound like good reasons, so let's review them. First, it's important to spend less time exercising. It is very important to spend less time enjoying nature next. Lastly, and most importantly, spend less time with friends or family. So hope you enjoyed my article and you learned something. So remember, a lot of good things are bad things, and I'll just leave it to you.
Dear Editor: @CAPS1 Did you know that the @PERCENT1 people in @LOCATION2 have commuters? These computers will surely benefit society. People need computers to stay up-to-date on important issues, connect with others, and learn about new information. Computers are a necessity in everyday life. News dissemination is very important, and one way to achieve this is through computers. Ordinary person like me, you need to know about weather, global issues and many other important topics. If you use your computer to get the latest information on important issues, you will have immediate access to the information. For example, no need to wait for the weather to appear on your TV when you can know the weather in your area in seconds. Just recently the earthquake in @LOCATION1 killed millions of civilians. If there is a natural disaster somewhere @CAPS2, people need to know and computers are a great way to make sure everyone is updated. Computers not only help us get important updates on global issues, but are also a great way to connect with people. My relatives lived far away and we couldn't afford the long distance calls, so we emailed them. @NUM1 of @NUM2 people email friends and family far away! Computers are also a great place for friends to connect with each other through social networking sites like @CAPS3, @CAPS4 and @CAPS5. People need to interact with other people, and the internet is a great place. Finally, computers can also be used to learn new information. If a child needs to find information on a project or essay, they can easily search the internet and find the answer. Children need to access the information they need for school on the internet. Computers are also useful for adults. If adults want to learn something new, all they have to do is search on the computer. It's much easier than going to the library and looking up information in a book. @CAPS1 Did you know that most adults use online dictionaries to look up word definitions? A computer can find every answer to your question. In conclusion, computers are indeed benefiting society. Your computer can keep you up-to-date on important issues, help you connect with people, and find new information. These technological advances are beneficial to human society.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 home computers are a good thing for many reasons. One reason is because people can use computers to learn about other countries and people. People can also use computers to type and save paper. Also, people can use computers to talk to people who live near you or far away from you. Finally, computers can save paper by replacing books. A @MONEY1 The most important reason people need computers is because computers help you understand and study other things going on in the world. If a student needs to research a country and write a paper about it for school, it is much easier and faster to use a computer than to read a textbook. Computers are also better and faster than textbooks for a person or a culture if you want to learn more about it. Typing on a computer is also faster than writing a paper. Using a computer saves time and money when typing. You don't have to worry about @CAPS1 handwriting or breaking pencils as you type. You also don't have to worry about spelling mistakes because the computer can check your spelling and grammar. You are writing a paper on all of these @MONEY1 issues and more. You also have to spend money on pencils and other writing supplies. Computers also saved people @MONEY1 because they didn't need to buy paper to make textbooks. Computers have also evolved the way people communicate with each other. Before the invention of computers, you couldn't talk to people in other countries unless you paid to use the phone or email them. Now you can send instant emails, saving @MONEY 1 day of time and paper. You can also use your webcam to talk to family members and people you don't know. This can save you a lot of @MONEY1 money as you don't have to pay for stamps, phone calls or plane rides to access them. These are some of the best reasons for @MONEY1 why @CAPS1 home computer is better than @CAPS1. A home computer can save you time when you want to research a country, a person or a culture. They can save you money because you don't have to buy stamps, pay for phone bills, or pay for air travel to visit people from different states or countries. Computers also help save paper because you no longer have to make large textbooks or use different priced @MONEY1 paper when you make a writing mistake.
In my opinion, I agree that it is good for society. The reason behind my decision is that many businesses use computers for work, fast food restaurants use computers, and schools use computers. It is for these reasons that people need computers. My first reason is that businesses use computers for work. Workers use computers to design, file names, and print papers and dissertations. People in the design industry no longer use paper and pencil because they use design software to work. Instead of filing in cabinets, people and workers use computers to house their patients, clients, and workers. A computer can hold more information and documents than a cabinet. People also type essays and dissertations for work. For example, journalists have to write a report for their company and type it in order to publish it. If workers in business need to use computers to file, type and design clothes and games. My second reason is that fast food restaurants or even restaurants use computers instead of cash registers. For example @ORGANIZATION2 or @ORGANIZATION1 use technology to enter people's orders and how much they pay. Back then they used cash registers and in order to withdraw money they needed to click a button, but now they are all locked with a computer. Every restaurant has at least one touchscreen computer at their disposal. So restaurants need computers to survive in the world. My third reason is that schools need computers for students and teachers to write reports that file student names and grades. Students in class write reports for projects and even class assignments. Instead of using filing cabinets, teachers need computers to file student names, grades and information. Teachers also use computers to create homework pages, which they need to print out. Therefore, schools use and need computers for use by students and teachers. In conclusion, I agree that computers are good for society because businesses need them to work, design and file, and fast food restaurants so they can take orders from people and be used by students and teachers in schools. So that's why it benefits society.
Dear @PERSON1, computers are necessary and good for our community. They do a lot to help make our lives easier . There is not a day when we don't use a computer in a certain way. The good thing about our computers is that they connect us, spread the news, and they make everyday objects work. Computers connect us in many different ways. Without computers, where would a business go? Most modern businesses are run by computers. Owners can now do business anywhere in the world. Using a computer, businesses elsewhere in @LOCATION2 or @LOCATION4 can connect to buildings in @LOCATION1. They can have a live video chat together. With the help of computers, they are able to contact any of their business units around the world. Even smaller businesses use computers to connect with customers. Now we do a lot of online shopping. Here's an example of how a store can connect with customers. Stores can show buyers everything they have to offer, including store location. This can help stores get more business by connecting buyers with the store. Computers not only connect stores and businesses, but also connect people to people. @PERCENT1 The kids at my school own a computer. With all these computers, many social networking sites were born. The most popular right now is @CAPS1. Students can connect with old friends from other places and even other countries. We have live chat on @CAPS1 and even @CAPS2. @CAPS2 is instant messaging, um, instant. With just one click, people can connect, no matter how far apart they are. So computers connect people. Computers also broadcast news. Most of us wouldn't be unaware of world news without computers. This includes the @LOCATION3 earthquake. If we didn't have the computers to let us know about the @LOCATION3 earthquake, they'd have more trouble. They won't have all these donations. Computers even broadcast national news. Almost all newspapers are now online and in paper. Now anytime they will be fully online. This will revolutionize the way we understand news. Just one click away. What took days to get here now takes minutes or even seconds. Science also benefits from computers. Phones can now be personal tws, inernet and messaging devices. A cell phone is just a small version of a computer. Cars also have computers. The @CAPS3 in our car are computers; without them we would be lost. Also, in a car, almost everything else can run a computer. So, there isn't a day where we won't encounter computers. In conclusion, computers benefit us in many ways. They connect us to deliver news and touch almost all of our technology. Can you imagine life without a computer?
You know that box with the screen on @CAPS11? Or is that rectangle lettered against on @CAPS11? Or you put the disk, USB and open another rectangle of @CAPS11. All this is a computer. Yes! @CAPS11 is fun, you @CAPS3 play games, surf the web, watch videos, check email. Everything would be easy if you had a computer, but neither is @CAPS2. @NUM1 Reason is if you have kids and they are addicted to using @CAPS11 @CAPS3 on your home computer, @CAPS11 @CAPS3 is not appropriate, @CAPS11 can be expensive. Please come close to my reason and give me a chance to fight. The number one reason computers are bad is because @CAPS11 @CAPS3 causes your kids to add. @CAPS12 is a problem because your child is bothering you and saying: "@CAPS1 or @CAPS7 @CAPS3 I'll keep using the computer". You say yes and they will be happy when you say so. "It's time for @CAPS2 to get off the pc" and they'll say "@CAPS3 I'll keep playing for a while or I don't want to do anything with @CAPS4 in the middle of the game." @CAPS5 When they finally act, they'll do it again the next day Ask you "@CAPS6 or @CAPS7 @CAPS3 I'm going to the computer" if you say "@CAPS8" they will cry and lose their temper the more you make them want to stay at @CAPS9, if you say "@CAPS8" you Will get the kid growing up and he or she will go to the internet and post things like nude photos or videos about a certain world or something to guide your child into having sex. You'll be there, but at the age of @NUM2 to @NUM3, you they don't fit into @CAPS3 computers. @CAPS9 Last but not least the last reason is that the computers are broken because their computers cost about @MONEY1 more per day and you @CAPS3 broth your computer and @CAPS11 will cost you a lot to fix @CAPS11 or Buy new they will use @CAPS11 more, or they @CAPS3 press @CAPS11 Trust me, I know. @CAPS5 @CAPS12 Why computers are not always a good thing. Now that you've heard my reasons, I hope you take this information and consider @CAPS11, do you really want a computer, they're good and easy, but they also have some bad side effects. All the facts are true, as I said, @NUM4 people in the world throw computers @CAPS5 every year to think hard. you
Dear @CAPS1 @ORGANIZATION1, Computers are a very useful tool in this modern age. They teach hand-eye coordination, make it easy to understand distant places and people, and allow people to converse with others online. Therefore, I believe that computers have a positive impact on people. Hand-eye coordination is a very important skill for young children to master. Without it, their handwriting would be sloppy, absolutely no chance for movement, etc. The computer helps teach them because they need their fingers to hit the same key that the eye sees. And because they tend to want to type faster, it's even more helpful because the fingers and eyes have to work on the task to type faster. Computers also make it easy to understand distant places, people, etc. It used to be that people had to spend hours searching for a semi-decent book on a topic and then find the specific information they needed among hundreds of pages. Now, this information is just a few clicks away. Let's say you have a problem with your faucet, it's dripping all the time, but you don't want to pay for a plumber. You can easily explain step-by-step how to do it with a computer, and the possibilities are endless. Finally, computers allow people to stay in touch with friends who live far away from @MONTH1. It's more convenient than using a plane because you don't have to keep things on your hands all the time. You can walk away and come back when you hear your message. It's also great for people like businessmen who can talk to multiple people at the same time while still being able to get other work done, @PERSON1, author of buisnes magazine told us in one iteration that it's nearly impossible to run successfully without computer business. I don't know how people can say that computers have a negative impact on society. But I hope you can publish this in a paper and show them that computers are necessary.
I think it's good to have a computer because you can use it to find places. Another reason it's good is that you can talk to your friends from your computer. You can play a variety of different games and take pictures, it's good to do your homework. That's why computers are good and we need them. The first reason we need a computer is that it can be our map. We can also look at places we've never seen before, if you're looking for something you can do with a computer.
@ORGANIZATION2 has more than @NUM1 students. & out of @NUM2 students have computers. Computers have a positive effect on people. Students who use computers are more proficient than children who do not use computers, and they stay safe online by learning all the software and time. Computers teach children hand-eye coordination, which can come in handy when exercising. They also enable people to learn about distant places and people. Finally, it allows people to chat with other people online. Computers enable people to develop hand-eye coordination. Hand-eye coordination is absolutely required when someone is playing baseball or basketball. Say your catcher and catch it. Almost every sport requires hand-eye coordination, and a computer can help you achieve it. Hand-eye coordination is also useful for those who have jobs. If you work with a computer, being familiar with the keyboard can help you get results quickly. Most of the time, any job other than sports requires hand-eye coordination. Some people are born with a gift for hand-eye coordination, but it's best for those who don't practice it. It's always fun to learn about places/people that are far away. Towns can put web pages on your computer with pictures, information and even how-tos to help you plan your vacation. And @ORGANIZATION1. @ORGANIZATION1 can help you find any place, or any information you can find about that place. Computers even allow you to plan or visit a place by buying tickets online, or maybe you just want to know what the place is like, you can do it all. Finally, you can take your computer anywhere and say you go @LOCATION1, and you don't speak the language there, then you can go and translate the website and figure out what things mean. Facebook, @CAPS1, @CAPS2, all these sites allow you to chat with other people. Personally, I have a facebook, a goal, and even an email. A lot of times I'll be chatting with my friends at school and even my cousins on facebook, but it's rare for me. Chatting online can help you interact with other people you might not see around school or around town, as well as friends who might not have a cell phone. It helps you learn the social skills everyone needs. The computer gives you all of this. It's an easy and free way to talk to anyone you know anywhere, anytime. In conclusion, computers have a positive impact on people. Almost everyone uses computers, and they're not difficult to use. Computers teach hand-eye coordination, enable people to learn about distant places and people, and even allow people to converse with other people online. Computers are one of the best things ever made.
Dear Editor, I've read your past articles on how computers are taking up too much time in some people's lives! They can exercise or use @CAPS1 @CAPS2 time. This is completely untrue, and in many ways actually benefits society. The internet is a quick and easy way to shorten the time spent on activities we are already doing. Instead of d-letting someone to invite them to @CAPS3, email them. Letters can take weeks and can even be lost by the time an email is sent to them immediately. Plus, what if a movie sells out or gets cancelled, don't worry about the internet, you can reschedule and buy tickets online. This way it won't happen again. All of a sudden your phone rings, it's your best friend saying to turn on the news, but you have to leave in three minutes to pick up your kids. Instead of waiting for reports to stop talking, you can check it out right away on one of the many news sites, and it's still early. Did you die to talk to someone you haven't seen in a long time. Well, htat in a heartbeat with one of the many free sites like @CAPS4 and facebook go. You can talk to that person and find many races. Plus, if you keep feeling lonely, like you can't find the right person. With dating sites you can find the perfect person and maybe go with them @CAPS3. Not only does it save time and connect you with other people, but it helps you physically. According to drishnig by @ORGANIZATION1, people who use a computer for at least @NUM1 minutes a day have @PERCENT1 increases in hand-eye coordination reaction time and accuracy. While the family is lying to say it's bad for the eyes, @PERSON1 @CAPS5 proves it, not health with @NUM2's degree in science and health.
@MONTH1 To whom: I agree that computers are causing many people to spend less time outdoors. However, it keeps the kids inside instead of @ORGANIZATION2 causing trouble on the street. Computers have become a part of our everyday life @ORGANIZATION2. Some people use it to keep in touch with family or to reconnect with old friends. Experts say it sucks, but @ORGANIZATION2 gave us @ORGANIZATION1's computer class? We learn keyboard skills. @ORGANIZATION3 techniques and how to research any topic. @ORGANIZATION1, it has already affected the use of computers by itself. If we could go back in time, we would most likely see kids hanging out in the streets. Now, kids spend a lot of time on the computer in @ORGANIZATION2. This is not necessarily a bad thing. I bet you, or your parents, or even your grandparents have heard of gangs or fights happening on the streets of @ORGANIZATION2. Now that computers have become an important item in many people's lives, you don't hear these types of things like @ORGANIZATION2. I'm not saying they don't happen, but you don't hear your kids coming home talking about gangs and fights. So it's not that bad on a computer. In history, you may have heard of immigrants coming to @LOCATION1 to get rid of their rulers. Well, not everyone can come. Some people have family members in another country. Due to the time difference, it was difficult to keep in touch. My mom was here when she was at @NUM1. The rest of @ORGANIZATION2 her family still lives in @LOCATION2. To keep in touch, they chat via email or @CAPS1. The five-hour time difference makes it difficult to know when to call. @ORGANIZATION2 The invention of the computer makes it easier for the family! On top of that, the use of @ORGANIZATION2 computers has been affected in schools. My @ORGANIZATION1, @ORGANIZATION1, has a computer class where we learn how to type proficiently. We are also taught how to properly cite and research work. This is helpful because if we don't know this information, we can plagiarize, and plagiarism is illegal. Often times, teachers give us projects that require the use of computers. We either had to look for specific, accurate information, or we had to enter the @ORGANIZATION3 document. And bring it home with online @CAPS2 books instead of @ORGANIZATION2. After reading all the facts, I am sure you will agree that computers can benefit society. Students stay away from the streets and only cause trouble for their siblings at home. People don't feel like they've left or lost their family. Schools influence the use of computers to help us learn. Of course you can't disagree with me!
Dear @CAPS1 or @LOCATION1, @CAPS2 People think computers are bad for our society because people spend more time on such technology. I believe this is not the reason for the decline of our society today, although I agree that people spend a lot of time on computers. Computers are actually very helpful to our society because it is an advancement in communication. People have found ways to communicate with others by plugging in webcams and microphones. Computers not only help with communication, but also help us get information about modern society, such as news, to stay up-to-date. This sophisticated device can also save files and documents by typing, so you can reprint them if lost. One of the main things that modern tech people usually do is talk to friends and family far away in their spare time. Legal sites allow people to inform friends or family about events that have occurred, such as events or upcoming events. @CAPS2 experts like @PERSON1, who specialize in people's behavior, say it's the number one cause of obesity and prevents people from meeting other people outside or even simple exercise. I would say it's not entirely true because before talking to anyone. People who surf the Internet usually jog nearby. Information is vital in our society, keeping us up to date on modern life. Computers can give us certain information, such as news and whether it is reported. Every smart person these days searches their computer for information, not just missed news, but predictions of whether or not to plan a picnic in the future. This is a useful tool for our society to keep up with the world and not miss the latest events. I believe this is the progress of our modern society because you can get the information you need. When you rush to work, do you lose files and files by forgetting them? Computers can send data to a computer to easily copy files or documents, so you don't have to rush to work and worry about losing files. It is known that 30 out of 50 people are spared the loss of their computer jobs. Computers can also save and store data for later use, such as songs or pictures. You can send the file and listen on another computer. Now is the time to decide if the computer should be supported. At the touch of a button, the computer can help you chat with long-lost friends. If you need some information, you can find it on your computer without leaving the comfort of your home. Last but not least, you can save your important files and documents from the hassle of rushing to work. So go and call that letter to a representative to help people see that computers are good for our society.
computer. Firstly. I strongly believe that people shouldn't be using computers all the time. Staying up late is like a day at school and you are tired. Your eyes are on black and white text that will tire you out, force you to stay up late, drink Red Bull Monster, or any other energy drink you don't want to drink. Second, the labtops used by almost hole schools, computers like @PERCENT1 use them. Another <@PERCENT2@NUM1> is written by students and adults on paper with a good feel and composition. @PERCENT1 like everyone goes online, facebook, youtube, games and google. @PERCENT2 is all that people use to write on paper and doodle on the back. third. People in other states don't have internet access, or they can't use computers. People have to write down their work on a piece of paper. Some children, young adults, adults and students sometimes do not write well. I don't think everyone should have a computer.
@ORGANIZATION1, I think computers are good for people. I believe this because a lot of people will see things they don't see every day. I think computers have a positive impact on people. I think a lot of people these days work every day so they may not have time to remember little things like buying a newspaper or they may not even have time to watch the news on TV but because of the computer they can read or see the same things, but for less time. Some people's jobs include computers, so they can also read newspapers on the computer while working. This benefits society in its own way. I believe that computers are very useful for everyone. Computers help people get in touch. They can keep in touch by using webcams etc. It also allows them to communicate. Computers allow people to see each other from different parts of the world. It gives people the opportunity to see people you can't see from a distance. It seems to me that people can also learn from computers. Computers have many very important positive effects. They give people a chance to learn something. This can benefit society because the more knowledge people have, the better. It gives people who don't have the opportunity to understand what they really want to do and learn it. Computers are really good for society Let's take @PERSON1 as an example, he said the kids of @PERCENT1 believe that computers help them in their own way. A lot of people get bored sometimes, but because of the computer and the fun stuff it has, like games, videos... Games can make them hand-eye coordination and help them in different ways at the same time. (to eliminate boredom and give them good hand-eye coordination) Computers also benefit society by giving people such technology. Many times, everyone needs technology in their lives. Technology has helped a lot of people, and it still continues. Computers are one of the technologies that help people. Technology can teach people things they didn't even know they could do. In conclusion, I believe that computers have a lot of positive effects on people, and it not only benefits the people who use the technology, it also benefits other people to some extent. It gives everyone the opportunity to learn and do it, so I believe computers are a great thing.
@ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 A world without computers. Where do we get all the information from? Do we have to rely on TV or magazines to change the message? Or how will we do any reporting on work or home work? I know a lot of people don't write neatly, how can anyone read it? Basically, computers affect our lives in such a good way that without them it would be cluttered. Computers let people learn how to type, which improves all-round skills like hand-eye coordination, they let us connect with unfamiliar places and see family, they let people educate online, which can help the economy. Computers have affected us so well, they have changed our daily lives, the kids of @CAPS2 can't type right now. A recent study at @ORGANIZATION2 shows that @PERCENT1 of @NUM1+ kids already know how to type on a keyboard. Computers have influenced us so much, with so many skills, that people don't ignore them enough. Because all children know how to type, they can also spell better. I remember one time I was writing a report online. I got @NUM2 a word I don't know and keep spelling it wrong. So I took the time to type one letter at a time and it was correct! This example shows how computers can affect everyone's life, even young children. The way we get information from the computer is like our hands get information from the brain to move. For example, when babies learn how to walk, their brains show them how this is done. It's like when a natural disaster happens, like the earthquake in @LOCATION1, we rely on computers to show us and tell us what's going on and how things like that are happening. Computers can affect us in this way, because without them we might never understand our world. Computers impact the daily life of families by providing them with online education. My @NUM3-year-old cousin told me she was glad her mom could go back to college from home because then they could spend time together. I know you might think computers can bring families farther apart, but they actually bring them closer together. There is only one option, and that is for computers to affect us all in a good way. They help us learn how to type, connect us to our world, and bring families closer together. Without computers, we would not be where we are today.
Dear local newspaper. I think we should keep improving computer technology. Some people think that people spend too much time on the computer and not enough time outside. Personally I think computers are important and if people don't use it they don't stop. Computers are important for many reasons. First of all, there are many places in the world that are not for everyone. The internet is a great way to learn about a place. Also, if you are going on vacation and want to know some information about the resort, you can look it up on your computer. Another reason is that computers can also help you study a place. Also, if you're writing a research paper for school, you'll probably want to find your information on a computer. If you disagree with someone, then you can find information quickly and easily. All you have to do is look up something and you can find it. You can learn new things that you didn't know. Most of the time, the internet is very helpful. Another reason is communication. On your computer, you can communicate with other people in a number of ways. If you have distant friends or family, you can keep in touch with them without leaving home. Also, if you're not sure about homework or something like that, you can ask a friend to find out. You can send pictures or videos to people to keep in touch. Sometimes people use the feature for bad or inappropriate things. But there are things you can do so you don't get those bad things. The internet can help you a lot in your daily life. You can learn about new places, you can do research, you can communicate with friends or friends. If we keep improving the technology, you will be able to do more than you can now. The internet will be able to help you more in your daily life. Now you can see that the internet can help people, not just keep people in it, which is why I think we should keep improving the technology.
Dear newspaper, I personally think new technology is an amazing thing. This is why I think computers have a positive impact on our society. Some of these impacts include building skills to help people cope with the present or the future, getting better education, and helping people become more social. Computers can help people in many ways, you just need to be aware of it. So come see why a computer is a good choice to own and use. The first reason I feel computers have a positive impact on people is because they can help develop skills that a person has that @MONTH1 doesn't realize. For example, a teen @MONTH1 said while typing in a paper she really enjoys writing. So, she @MONTH1 went online and started looking for a different style, maybe she could become a famous journalist. It all comes from her skill at surfing the web and searching for things she loves. Another situation could be that a person applies for a job and then the employer says he has to know how to use a different outfit, so he can go to the computer and look for a tutorial on that particular outfit. A computer @MONTH1 helps people develop skills now and in their own future. The second reason why I say computers can have a positive impact on people is that it can help them get a better education. Any adult who hasn't been to college and wants to go to college can take classes and earn a degree online. Education is only for adults; kids can go online and research the history of the different places they live and want to visit. The good thing about you is that you can find information quickly and easily. Computers help people learn more and get a better education for themselves. The last reason I say computers have a positive impact is that they help people become more social. There are many ways to connect with family and friends. You can email someone and wait for a response. Or now, you can even instant message someone and talk to them as if you were in the same room. There are also sites like @CAPS1 facebook where you can get together and chat with old friends. Computers help everyone connect with anyone @CAPS1, you can see how computers have had so many positive effects on people. They can help you build social skills for the present and our future. They can also help people get a better education. Plus, it's a great way to connect with past and present friends. Hope you can see how computers can positively impact so many people.
In today's society, many new technologies have been released. Such as @NUM1 players, mobile phones, game consoles such as xbox@NUM2 but probably the most popular and most used is the computer. ability, skill. Search for information in just a few clicks. Some people have technology that is almost addicted to it and use it whenever they get the chance. Is this good for people? Behaviors there can affect health and physical activity. Yes, people these days are greatly influenced by the internet. Once highly addictive sites like facebook, myspace, youtube, etc. These may be school ones. Sence facebook at @NUM3 years. The level has increased dramatically, and so has the high pressure level! Dr @DR1 said. This kind of online behavior must stop people from becoming addicted and waiting from physical activity lock-in. As you can see, the online internet can be very useful, but using it nonstop should not affect your health and bring other dangers.
Hello! I'm writing about whether computers are bad or good for society. I think having a computer is a good thing. They helped us in many ways, they also helped us find new friends and new updates. This will be my first opinion. I think computers have a great impact on society because people can find the latest updates on weather, society and country at @CAPS1. It helps society in a great way because people don't have to read old newspapers. All they have to do is click and read everything there and possibly see pictures and content. This is my second reason why computers are a good influence on society, they help us in so many ways to meet new people, keep in touch with them, talk to them, send things and pictures of you. My final opinion on computers having a good impact on society is @CAPS2 you have a business or anything you can sell anything, keep a business plan and you can build a website for your business after a while @CAPS1 the guys will Know it and it can make a big difference to your business. Here are my three views on why computers have a good impact on society, and I think computers do have a good impact on society.
Dear newspapers @CAPS1, @CAPS2 Do you think computers have a positive or negative impact on people's lives? Well, if you think it's negative, I'll show you why it's actually very positive. First, it teaches good hand-eye coordination. Second, it allows people to communicate with other people. Third, it can help with school and work. As you can see, that's why I think it's positive. First, computers teach good hand-eye coordination. When you use a computer, you are improving your hand-eye coordination. One way is when you're online and see something you like or want to see bigger, you move your mouse and click. This is helpful because you see something and click it without seeing where you moved your mouse. It's also helpful because when you're typing a file, you don't need to look at the keystrokes to know what to type. You can look at the screen and move your fingers freely. As you can see, this is the first reason why I believe computers are positive. Second, computers help people communicate with others. This can be important if you need to talk to someone who lives far away. @CAPS7 is great if someone lives far away and they matter. You can send people @CAPS3 or even @CAPS4 to chat with someone. It helps so much with communication that you can choose how to talk to someone. Third, it helps people go to school and sometimes work. It helps people because they can @CAPS2 projects. This helps to understand places you didn't even know existed. At one point I wondered what the people of @LOCATION1 did to live and survive. As @CAPS5 I just need to know. I turned on my computer and about half an hour later I knew exactly what and how people @CAPS5 did to live and survive. It also helps at work, since your boss is counting on you to get the job done, you can use @CAPS7. As you can see, this is the third and final reason why I think computers are a positive. In conclusion, I think computers are positive for three main reasons. First, they can help improve hand-eye coordination. Second, they help people communicate with people in other regions. Third, it facilitates study and work. So now that you've read this, I hope I've shown you that computers aren't bad for us at all. In fact, it's the best option for a better future.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2, have you ever wondered who actually invented the ice cream cone and stood there licking one? So why don't you take out your BlackBerry and take a look? That's the great thing about technology. You can talk to a friend or family member for help, it's there. whenever you need it. Have you ever had to get so far from your best friend that you cried so hard that someone thought it was raining? Well, it's not necessary because you can now have a webcam in your computer and talk as much as you want. Of course, it's the same as being with that person, but it's very close. With the great invention of computers, you can talk anytime, anywhere. Another way computers are good for talking to other people @MONTH1 is that you and your friends can chat. If your parents are away and won't let you out, you can still talk to your friends. Finally, if you're older, you can use facebook to find friends you haven't seen in a long time. Another reason computers and technology are great is that you can get the information you need. Schools actually live on computers. Not only students, but teachers too. Teacher-assigned items include using the computer and finding all information about your subject. Also, if you just never heard of it, you can go check it out. Great for @CAPS2 for those you need, every bit of information at your fingertips at the click of a button. This can come in handy when you are arguing with your friends about who is the better @PERSON1. You just have to see who gets more home runs. you have a winner! Have you ever been asked at dinner if you had the score of a hockey game and your friend, husband brother took out their phone and said @NUM1 to @NUM2 3 minutes after you asked @NUM? Then it must mean that they have internet on their phone. Phones like the BlackBerry, @CAPS3, and the iPhone all have the internet built in. This means they can play games or watch TV while they wait for their flight at the airport. To me, this is a cool invention. People in business and industry also have cell phones with built-in Internet because they can check content at any time. So that's why I think having technology is good for our society. Especially since they can talk to friends from far away and so on. The type of information you need, you can get it at the touch of a button. Also, you can use it in your phone or other tech-related stuff.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, I think computers have a great effect on people, for example allowing people to talk to family or friends far away. Computers also allow you to learn about different places and people around the world. My first reason is that computers allow you to understand different places and people around the world. It is helpful if you are going on holiday abroad, you can know where to test the historical sights, and also where the best hotels are. If you have an item due abroad, you can search for it and it will give you all the data you need. My second reason is that computers allow you to talk to family or friends who live far away. This helps you stay connected so you don't seem to know them anymore. The computer also lets you talk to friends who live far away, and if you want to hang out, it lets you talk about which days are good for you and them.
Technological advancements are very practical and have a positive impact on those lucky enough to own a computer. First, computers help people achieve better hand-eye coordination. @CAPS1, computers make it easy to learn new information about many things, such as people and places around the globe. Finally, for the above reasons, computers can be very helpful to people all over the world because they allow people in different places to communicate instantly. One of the ways computers help people is by improving their hand-eye coordination while a person learns to type and see screens. They will be better able to ask for samples on a daily basis. It is a person who does not have good hand-eye coordination. They can never be made right on paper! Also, focused, more focused people excel in school, work, and social life. Hand-eye coordination is very important for learning, and computers help teach it to people. @CAPS1 I think the reason computers people learn new things. I have known many processes by myself and through. I am fortunate now to realize how to do research, and research is because of computers. Computers are educating. Finally, computers are convenient because they make phone calls. One way of communication in a computer is my instant. This is when they type, which is similar to a phone conversation but free. The last and most popular method is video chat. Video chat is when people use cameras connected to their computers and can talk to each other while seeing each other's faces! All of these ways of communicating with people around the world can be very beneficial to many, especially those with family or friends living in another town. There is no doubt that computers benefit people in society in many ways. They teach them hand-eye coordination, which is very important for simple everyday tasks, and they also help people around the world learn things they can't learn from books. Last but not least, the computer world is a world where people communicate with each other. In all of these ways, computers can help people all over the world.
Dear local paper, I heard you are whether computers have a positive effect on people. In my opinion, I think, yes, they do have a positive effect on people. I think it's because of @NUM1. Computers allow you to learn about foreign places and cultures. @NUM2. Computers are often helpful to people with special needs, @NUM3. This computer allows you to connect to winners who live far away at @MONTH1 without having to travel to them. I really enjoy learning about foreign places and cultures. I know, from my own experience, the more you know about foreign places and cultures. The smarter you get overall. Without computers, many people would not be able to explore these places and learn about them. Computers are basically a big encyclopedia, providing important information for those who cannot travel the world and visit these places. Without computers, there would be less education about people, cultures, and the world we live in. pyrimids and . in @LOCATION1 don't you agree? There are several students with special needs in my school. Personally, I can't even imagine how difficult it is for them to learn. But one thing I know is that computers are a very useful resource for them. Computers provide pictures, sounds and interactive activities that really help children. Because some children with special needs at my school have a hard time reading. The computer helps my mother read aloud. Where would these kids be without computers? I enjoy staying in touch with my faraway family and friends. isn't it? It used to take days and days to send and receive letters from relatives. @MONTH1 Tough tasks can be done with the click of a mouse because of the computer. But that's not all. Besides sending virtual emails to people, you can see them face to face because of the computer! Isn't it nice that some computers have webcams that allow you to see someone through the computer's screen? ! So why waste money meeting someone to deliver a simple message when you can deliver it in person in barely @NUM4 seconds? Because of computers, people talk more and often get closer. So, as you can see, computers have many important positive effects on people. The reason is @NUM1. Computers allow you to learn about foreign places and cultures. @NUM2. Computers are often helpful to people with special needs. and @NUM3. Computers allow you to connect with people @MONTH1 who live far away without having to travel to them. Thanks for listening.
More and more people are using computers every day. Computers are great for projects, emails, vacation spots, and more. However, some scientists believe that people spend too much time on the computer instead of exercising or walking. I think computers are an important part of people's lives because the information found on computers is very useful. It's useful for you when you have reports coming up. What if your teacher told you to submit a report tomorrow? What are you going to do, you don't have time to go to the library. I will go to the computer and get all the information I need. I also use the computer to learn about distant places, even famous people in history. I can also look up where I'm going on vacation and then I can learn more about it. Like, you can find the best restaurant locations, the best holes, and even the best tourist spots. Computers are also helpful for chatting. My grandparents have moved so I don't talk to them much anymore, but since I have a computer I can send a quick email to say hi or ask how they are doing. Also imagine going to work without a computer! There is a lot of work to write! In some jobs, work includes emailing other job members about issues and meetings they have. By using a computer, you can keep track of what's going on. Computers are also helpful because if you have exams to study for and you forget your notes at school, you can look up what you're studying online. Then you can study on the computer. Then you won't pass the science exam the next day. After all your homework is done, the computer can be a nice break. If you want to chat with your friends on the computer, it should be an instinct to get all your homework done first. Sometimes people need some time off after all their homework is done. Playing games on a computer is a great way to relax. Computers are great for reports, vacations, chats, information and help you study for exams. Also used to play games. Many people use computers to do their jobs. I think computers are an important part of people's daily lives.
In my own opinion, computers are an important addition to our world. Computers help people do their homework, communicate, and entertain you in a safe way. This is why computers have an impact on people all over the world. First, computers help children complete schoolwork. For example, if a student is writing a research paper, the World Wide Web is a useful place to easily access information you won't find in books. Additionally, if students forget, lose or lose their homework, they can log into the school website and print out the paper. Also, most teachers want an article to be @CAPS1 neat @CAPS1. This is difficult for some students, and the typing is neat and everyone can do it. @CAPS1 You can see that computers are very much needed for school work. Second, computers are a great way to communicate and stay connected with others. For example, if an employee wants to talk to the boss, or send him something, he can easily email it to him. Additionally, friends can instant message each other if they want to talk to each other. If the teacher and the student's parent must have a meeting, the teacher can email the parent a time and date. That's why computers are great and can communicate easily. Finally, computers provide a safe, fun way or entertainment. Many companies make kid-friendly websites. For example, my six-year-old sister teaches you stuff in a fun way on a website. Research shows that kindergarteners @PERCENT1 who browse these sites do better in first grade than kindergartens who don't use a computer, which is a great way to kill time. In conclusion, I believe that computers have a great impact on people on Earth. They help schools work, provide oriental exchanges, and provide safe educational activities, @CAPS1 You can see that computers are a great addition to our world.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 People think that too much computer use is helping people become overweight and even obese. This may be true, but computers also teach hand-eye coordination, giving people the opportunity to learn about distant places, and people can even coordinate them! In general, I think computers affect people in positive ways, and here are some of the reasons for that. Computers help teach hand-eye coordination. I know you're probably thinking "Huh? How does a computer do this? All you do is stare at a screen." But to your dismay, computers do teach hand-eye coordination. This is done because when playing games, people look at the screen and tap with their hands. They don't just stare at the mouse when they play these games. By doing so, it teaches hand-eye coordination. Scientists have proven that people who have a computer and use at least @NUM1 hours a week have better coordination @PERCENT1 than people who don't have a computer! This statistic alone is enough to illustrate a thousand words. Hand-eye coordination is one thing. Not only that, it can help you play better in sports like baseball, but it can also help in future jobs. As you know, @CAPS1, there is no computer hand-eye coordination. People think computers are just for playing games, but in reality, they teach us @CAPS2 things about the world. Without computers, people could know almost anything that happened in other countries. For example, the other day my mom was checking her email and visited a hungry young man's place. This has changed her routine as she takes food for granted. Without computers, my mom would have more in other countries. What is happening in other countries because we live in @CAPS4.S. Less clumsy, but computers can help remind and teach us what's going on in the world every day. One of the main advantages of computers is that they allow people to communicate through them. Even my grandmother said, without a computer, I wouldn't be as close to you as I am today. "@CAPS5 and my grandmother use the site skype.com. This site allows you not only to talk to other people, but to see them! Because of sites like this. I'm allowed to stay in touch and be able to meet my grandmother who lives far away .It would not be possible without a computer. A computer not only allows you to talk to people far away, but also to people close by. I often find myself on the computer asking friends what is the assignment, or the next exam When etc. Computers make it easier to connect with people near and far. In short, computers help in a variety of different ways. The world would be turned upside down without them. They enable people to understand distant places and people, teach hand-eye coordination, and allow people to communicate with each other. Computers have @CAPS2 flaws, but they also have such @CAPS2 positive effects that I think they can cover up all the tiny flaws. Thanks
Dear our local newspaper, computers have a huge negative impact on people. It can make a huge lifestyle change. For example, people who sit in front of a computer all day spend less time exercising, enjoying nature, and socializing with friends and family. Therefore, computers have a great influence on us. One of the reasons computers used to be scary was because people spent so much time on them and didn't exercise. Staying fit and healthy is always important. This could be @PERCENT1 obesity among people who live in @CAPS1.S. This can lead to obesity. I can relate to this because I have a relative who admits he has gained at least 5 pounds. Because on the computer @CAPS2, not exercising is okay. Is it really worth it to sit in front of a computer all day to eat? There are better recreational activities that will keep us healthy and exercise. Another reason, that's it. It seems that they are far older than you in terms of technology, which will not improve your social skills. You may lose confidence in yourself and not be as open as an extrovert. Nobody likes being alone. This feeling can be devastating. @CAPS2. This will make interacting and making new friends very difficult. It's great to know that you have so many lovely people around. If you spend more time not paying attention to your computer than your friends and family, you may lose them by snapping your fingers. In the end, life without friends and family can be bad. In conclusion, people who spend too much time on the computer spend less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with friends and family. Computers, like the most important things in life, focus more on them. Computers affect us in negative ways and can change our lives.
Dear @LOCATION2 @CAPS1 editor, @LOCATION3's society is being destroyed, of course by computers. They are very time consuming and I'm afraid they will cause more people to be obese in @LOCATION3. People are afraid they limit themselves to interacting with @CAPS2 with @CAPS2 and spending time enjoying nature. I feel the same way and someone should stop this! The average American uses a computer for about @NUM1 hours a day. Go to work or school, sleep so @NUM2 can get out and explore nature. The number of customers at our National Park @NUM3 has been decreasing rapidly. I visited Yellowstone last week to see if many people did. The guy working at the entrance said "there have been fewer @PERCENT1 since @DATE1 started", which I believe is because of the computer. They limit public time to the confines of a park or zoo by using all the "new fads" or the latest games on miniclip.com. Also, I believe the public spends so much time on the computer that they can't go out and exercise. With the latest 'The Sims game', how should kickers stay healthy? I researched how many hours kids were spending on their computers and those who said more than @NUM4 minutes. Where @PERCENT2 can legally be considered obese. Do we now want our next generation to be the next president, lawyer, and doctor? @CAPS8, we want them to take care of themselves and live the life of @CAPS4 by exercising. It's not good that computers make children so exhausted. Finally, with computers, family and friends don't really talk to each other @CAPS2 to @CAPS2, or not at all, I mean, parents go back to their kids and kiss their heads on the computer. But Is this enough? I don't believe it is. I asked a friend of mine how well he interacted with his family and friends? @CAPS2 to @CAPS2 He said it well because he got his new "@CAPS5 @CAPS6 with a @NUM5 gig hardrive" and he didn't talk to them about @CAPS2 to @CAPS2. However, we are "chatting" "@NUM6 hours" every day, talking to his friends. Only occasionally does he get an email or two from @CAPS7 asking how his life is going. I don't think it's a good thing to do in order to have good friends and a strong family life. That's why @LOCATION3 comes down to computers. They limit your interactions with friends and family, reduce the time you spend exercising, and limit your going out and exploring nature. Who knows, maybe at this time in @NUM7 years, @LOCATION3 will be run by computers. Do we want that, @CAPS8! So let's stop it now. thank you very much!
Dear editor, I believe that the computer is a great and interesting tool. But I also believe that people can spend a lot of time with them. Computers are great. People can use them to enter papers or reports, make diagrams, and other things that are important to us. Schools are now increasingly using computers. The school has a website for students to find homework, classwork, projects, reports and extra credit. Schools are even starting to do something very new, allowing parents and children to view student grades online. Schools not only help students, but also help ordinary people. If a student has a project but doesn't know how to get started, he or she can google the project and how to start it. As you can see, computers can be awesome and easy to use for homework. Computers are not only suitable for academic use, but also for leisure use. Before the advent of computers and the Internet, these were the only ways to have fun when you were bored during the day. A person is watching TV, reading a book, or going out, if they can. What did I mean by the last sentence I said? If you live in a city, it will be more difficult to get out because you may live in an apartment, or somewhere that is not a community. Then you can't go out; reading will get boring, maybe there's nothing to watch on TV. But when computers and the internet came along, people started playing games, watching videos, and talking to cousins or family members who lived far away. Computers are also suitable for social networking. Not all families live close together, but a close family. But in this economy, we can't always afford to visit them anytime. So by using a computer, we can @CAPS1 Facebook, myspace, and even video chat with them, and as I said, it's a great family from afar. But sometimes people become obsessed with them. Some people are on one website all day, especially facebook or youtube. Don't get me wrong, these sites are fun and cool. But not cool enough to not go out and have some free, natural fun. I remember I logged into facebook and saw a girl, about an hour later I logged out and she was still there, then I logged in again around @TIME1 and the same girl was there! It's just one site at a time. Computers are an excellent tool for humans to use for business, education and leisure. But too much is not good either.
Do you like computers? Are you using the internet to help you? Do you use it every day? Well @CAPS1 not this article gives you information about all of them. First, a lot of people don't like computers because they say it's confusing. Actually the computer is not that hard to work, you just need to be patient and take some time to get used to it. Also, computers can make things like typing easier. Why right @CAPS1, you have the option to use a computer, which allows you to write faster than you can on plain paper. Second, the internet is easier than books. All you have to do is go to @ORGANIZATION1 any other search engine, type in what you're looking for, and in no time you have all the information in the world on that topic. @CAPS1 You plan your vacation Internet can help. You can buy tickets online, sometimes with special discounts online. Also, you can not only return to the hotel, but also view live pictures. So when you're on vacation on the internet, you know it's going to be a great vacation. Finally, you can buy anything with the click of a button. Almost every website has a discount. I remember when I bought @MONEY1 shoes @MONEY2 online. It is usually shipped to your home within a few days. It's good to stick with it in the end. I go to the computer almost every day, but also outside. I can do this because I'll be on the computer for school or entertainment at night when someone can go out. Also, you can chat with your friends or family via the Internet. @CAPS1 what your mom or dad got on a business trip for @NUM1 weeks. You can talk to them using your webcam and see you in the same room as @CAPS1. So is it really that bad to be on a computer? I don't think so @CAPS1 it's helpful and easy to use.
Dear newspaper, More and more people are using computers every day. But not everyone agrees that it benefits society. Some people say that people who play computer don't exercise and don't go out to play. Then, when they left the computer, their eyes hurt and they couldn't see. However, all of which I agree are good use of the computer's benefits. The reason I agree that computers are good is this. It allows your hand-eye coordination to provide people with information about far-flung places. They can also rent movies and games from the hotel. You can even chat with online people from all over the world! What if we don't have a computer, but what if a serious crime occurs, then we won't be able to find the criminal's name or his records! Some bad reasons to own a computer is a huge problem with cyberbullying! Children may be selected. On, he will. People are always called by name. Another big problem is online they seem friendly and then they try. There are two big problems with computers called plagiarism. Plagiarism is when you take some work and put your name on it. When you steal and say it's yours, it could be too. The second problem is getting music for free. By downloading from the internet like Lime Wire. Then the song didn't get money from the album. That's why I agree with the benefits of computers for you. They make you watch out when you're on the computer.
Dear all computer lovers, I do think that you all spend too much time on your computer. Yes, it's good to go to the computer to learn something new, watch funny videos, and basically everything is on the computer these days. But most people spend a lot of time on the computer. You need to do three things, enjoy nature, spend time with family and friends, and most importantly, exercise. In this letter, I'll explain why you need these things and you can't get them on your computer. First, I'll explain why it's important to enjoy nature. Enjoying nature can be difficult at times, but it can be really fun if we all look closely. Some examples of nature are trees, grass, fresh air. But I'm sure all my fellow teens will agree that it's boring and we'd all rather sit and watch TV. Some examples of making nature fun is that instead of looking at a boring tree, you can climb a tree, maybe you can go out and play with your dog and lie down on the grass. One of my favorite things to do in nature is when I stay up late, I run outside very early, lay on the grass, get some fresh air, and watch the sun rise. Second, every important thing you do away from the computer and spend time with family and friends. Family, can do @MONTH1 things with you, I know I am happy with my family because they always make me laugh and most importantly my family loves to party. Parties are always fun, especially when you're with your family. Friends are great too because they make you laugh, have adventures, and are always there for you.
Dear newspaper, I think the impact of computers on people is @CAPS1 because most people sit in front of computers all day. In this letter, I will discuss the impact of computers on people, what we can do, and what people do with computers. The first is that computers have a @CAPS1 effect on people, and computers in life have people on their computers all day, doing nothing. They're just sitting there playing games about @PERCENT1, those who spend a lot of time on the computer probably play well on the computer, that's why some people @MONTH1 are fat. Most of the people who spend all their time on the computer are in @NUM1 and @NUM2, some are in @NUM3 or @NUM4. Just sit at the computer. Where is life. It won't give you a job or a schooling. Just sit in front of the computer for a while and you won't be able to do things outside. If there aren't that many people on the computer all the time, they're probably out there. Outdoors, they can exercise, ride a bike, swim, run, and more. They can also get a job to earn money or go to college, and kids who play a lot of computers can go out to the mall, play sports with friends, or enjoy nature. It is useless to spend more than @NUM5 or @NUM6 hours on the computer, you should be on the computer for an hour to an hour and a half at most. Kids and teens should just do their homework on the computer and do other things the rest of the time. Well, all kids from @NUM7 should go out with their toys and @NUM8 and above should hang out with them and do things like go to the mall, watch a movie or just sleep in. Also, everyone in these grades should interact more with the family there, see them more than @NUM7/@NUM8 times a month, they can have a party or just hang out together. So people should be doing some of the other things I said instead of being on the computer all the time. The last thing is what people do on their computers, like I do sometimes on facebook. Others look up information on facebook, google, games, and more. They also have emails to chat with other people. Another thing people keep doing is youtube, listening to music and watching videos. So I don't think the impact of computers on people is a good thing. I think people should go out and do things and just sit at home on their computer. People who sit in front of a computer at home can and are likely to gain weight. So the impact of computers on people is @CAPS1.
Dear @CAPS1, I recently heard @CAPS2 @NUM1 @CAPS3 that people think commuters affect people differently. Computers have caused problems for the human body in the past. Amny @CAPS5 is using the computer. So in my question I believe there is something wrong with the computer. First, the computer caused @CAPS5 to not exercise and become unhealthy. @NUM2 out @NUM3 @CAPS5 say they are their @CAPS5 every time they spend on the computer. @CAPS5 need to realize that sitting on a computer @CAPS4 is bad for their health, don't you wish you @CAPS5 had eye problems? Using the computer a lot, just for work, but for gaming, I realized I needed to stop and get out and exercise to maintain a balanced health @PERSON1 said, "@CAPS4 technology has made more and more people we also give glasses." @ CAPS5 needs to change what they do in the meantime. So @CAPS4 I guess because @CAPS5 doesn't get unhealthy. My people don't spend a lot of time @CAPS4 with family and friends. My kids have yelled at me in the past. The folks at @PERCENT1 think it's very important, you know? The computer saves your divorce may have been removed from the computer. People need to be inside the family because it reduces interaction with the family. My last reason is that people are not. @NUM4 @NUM3 people who enjoy nature, you have the opportunity to express your thoughts. Many people need time to think about what's going on in their lives, and our internet can't do that. There was a lot of stress from the past because I never relaxed thinking about what I was doing on the computer or doing my homework. @PERCENT2 a lot of people believe them. Do you see now that nature can help? So @CAPS4 you can see that computers have a negative impact because people don't have enough time to enjoy nature. All in all, I believe that computers can have a huge negative impact on people. Reasons why people are less active, people don't interact well with @CAPS4 and people love nature. Therefore, I strongly urge you to vote negatively.
Dear @LOCATION1 Newspaper, @CAPS1 My name is @PERSON1. I'm going to @ORGANIZATION1 at @LOCATION1. I'm in @NUM1 grade. I am writing this letter to you to give you my opinion if technology believes that technology has a positive impact on people. My opinion is that computers are fine. Read on to change the lives of people in <@NUM2 @LOCATION1</@CAPS2>. My number one reason is that computers teach you hand-eye coordination. For example, when I'm in @NUM3 grade, I go to the library in my @ORGANIZATION1. She has a website called @CAPS3 to study. It helps you learn how to study without looking at the keyboard. My second reason is that computing enables people to understand distant places and people. For example, when I was in @NUM4 grade in @CAPS4 @CAPS5, I had to write about @CAPS6. I want @ORGANIZATION2. I found great photos from @CAPS7. I saw their way of life. I watched the @CAPS8 feature @NUM5 weeks ago and it said people at @PERCENT1 use @ORGANIZATION2 to find staff numbers and more personal information. My third reason is for people to be able to learn about distant places and people. For example, when wanting to talk to my cousin who lives in @LOCATION3. I would go online and talk to them via webcam. I speak to them. I read an article a month ago. The folks at @PERCENT1 use computers to draw graphs with people. Finally, some might say, some experts worry that people are spending more time and less exercise enjoying friends and family. However, it is safer to be on the computer than outside. More children or people will be salty. Next, you should publish it in your newspaper.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1's take on computers is that I think they are the most useful thing in our society and it benefits us a lot. Suppose I want to see what the world looks like, even the surfaces of the Moon, Mars, Venus, Jupiter, etc. I can open or download a program directly on the computer. Computers also help people express creativity through programs here, giving you the freedom to paint or build. I bet even younger kids get smarter by building things on a computer. Another thing computers do is open up a lot of jobs, and in a bad economy, people need all the help they can get. With computers you can keep people alive, breathing, you can find broken bones or wrecks, you can build bridges and houses by making blueprints. The last thing computers help us do is the most important, and that is to help people learn. By making the Titanic simulate a spaceship or floor. They help find information, even if you can see information about people on a computer with a camera, or if they go crazy on a plane, or save lives by looking. That's why computers are the most useful thing we have @DATE1, we should keep learning and improving to make us better and smarter.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I think computers have a positive impact on people. You can do a lot of things with computers, like help people learn new things about almost everything. Also, there are programs on your computer that allow you to talk to other people. Also, for adults, they can handle some of their finances and bills and some taxes online. I think computers definitely have a positive impact on people. Many people use their computers to learn new things about other things and people. Nine out of ten people use a computer at least once a month to learn new things. Also, kids in school have been using computers to do their homework and learn new things. Children at school have been using computers in school for projects and experiments where they learn new things about people and things in the world. Computers definitely have a positive impact on people when they learn new things. Another great thing about computers is that there are programs that allow you to talk to other people. Eight out of 10 people talk to another person on their computer almost every day. This is a good thing because they are able to talk to and enjoy themselves with friends and family from a distance. It's also a good thing, because if your family moves away, you can still talk to them from your computer. Another positive effect of a computer on you is that adults can pay their bills and finances on a computer too. Seven in 10 adults pay their bills online on their computer. This is a good thing because adults have to do it by hand and now they can do it on a computer, which is definitely a positive for a person! I think computers will definitely have a positive impact on people in many ways. They help people learn new things about things. Also, they allow you to talk to friends and family over the internet. Finally, they allow you to do your finances and pay bills online instead of manually. There are many ways in which computers can positively impact people, and I have only stated a few of them. I hope you support my views on computers and they will definitely have a positive impact on people.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 will you keep in touch? @CAPS1 Does the computer affect your work? Some people use computers a lot, but can't enjoy the outdoors. world. Some people use the computer for other things and then sometimes it's just a waste of time. I believe that computers can have a strong positive impact on people. You can keep in touch, you can study, you can play on the computer. Computers play an important role in our society, and I know you make the right decision whether to use them regularly or not. You can keep in touch. Not only can you keep in touch with relatives, but you can also keep in touch with people in different countries or states, or even with friends who live next door. Email is a great and healthy way to communicate with others. There are other sites like facebook and skype where you can actually post pictures of yourself and your family and be protected. @CAPS3 If you live miles away, you can easily show your friends what you've been doing or your new baby boy. @CAPS4 also displays your personal information. You can make friends and plan @CAPS1 where you're going this week. Yesterday my @CAPS2 sent me a photo of a bear cub in a tree outside the hut where he was playing. He's been @NUM1 hours and I can still email him and say, "@CAPS2, have you made friends?" and within seconds he'll be able to reply, "I even got a bear hug = )! @CAPS3 I talk to him when he's not around and almost together. I bet you use email as much as we buy printers. @CAPS4 is a quick and easy way to communicate. You can LEARNING.. Computers are a very important part of the learning experience. Teachers, students, parents and grandparents use computers to learn every day. There are educational websites to learn about things. Yesterday on our school "quiz.com". @CAPS4 is a school website, you can take quizzes instead of paper tests. If you're a busy parent with kids, you can work online. You can get paid for the work you do, the website, and the work. You can also go to school online. Some people Busy and don't have time to go to college to take classes. They can learn and even interact. Computers teach you they won't hurt you. Everything. Safety, work, bills, school, contacts, games, everything. Most people, school, in Running a business without a computer. A computer protects you and helps you grow. You can play with a computer. Lots of people go online and play games on numerous sites. These games can pass the time and players have some fun. @CAPS4 may not be running, but it It's fun. You can do a lot of @CAPS3 things on your computer for fun. You can play online games, download music, Skype, browse, shop, and even meet new people. Meeting people is a big thing. Lots of people these days All in use. A way to meet and interact with new and interesting people. My cousin is now @NUM2 and he met this very cute and beautiful girl who lives nearby through online dating. @NUM3 years later they are married And it's more in love than you think. It's also interesting to see @CAPS3 that love can be found on a computer. You've read my rationale, and you've realized what computers do for the world. Most people have a A computer, almost everyone needs one. It's an easy way to communicate or keep in touch, you can learn from it, and you can have fun on the computer. And a lot of useful stuff. I've got you convinced by now , computers are very positive for people.
Dear @CAPS1 Newspaper, @CAPS2 is in front of @CAPS3 and @CAPS1 is behind @CAPS1. Oh how you want to relax in the natural free air, but as technology advances, you feel it's your job to stay updated all the time. I believe the advancement of technology has negatively impacted people. People don't have the ability to interact with family and friends in person or enjoy nature. Exercising means sweating your hearing, your body, and mine, because of the inner quality that ultimately makes you feel better. @CAPS2 is preceded by a @CAPS3 all @CAPS1 does not support your natural urge to exercise. Proponents of technological progress say, "@CAPS3 can teach you hand-eye coordination." @CAPS4, coordination is important, but so should your body as a whole @PERSON1, voting #@world's first cardiologist says , "Every year more and more people are suffering from heart attacks and attacks!" continued, "Many links have been theorized to this ongoing problem, but none seem to be better than mine. I believe people Life has been overcome by technology. More and more cases involving people becoming addicted to their computers. Incredible, but @CAPS5 individuals have a higher risk of heart disease @PERCENT2!! There are so many healthier things to do for you Absorb on your own. Like tennis. In tennis, you have to develop hand-eye coordination to hit the ball. Correct. Tennis also increases your heart rate and burns fat cells, helping you lose weight. Stats show, @NUM2 of @NUM3 said Tennis actually makes them more confident. It's because when people can have the determination to lose weight and have a healthier head, they feel like they can outsmart the world. Isn't that the attitude everyone needs? Nature is over, even if @CAPS4 doesn't Mind you, they will help us too. Just like trees, they take @NUM4) and release Oxygen General Oxygen is the key to life. Trees are also home to many creatures. Like saumel woodpeckers and even owls. They all depend on trees to survive. But if you're @CAPS3 @NUM5' hours @CAPS1 @DATE1 you @MONTH1 don't realize nature and .nature is a beautiful thing, more people than @PERCENT3 say they love to relax outdoors and listen to the birds singing their morning songs , or distressed their own business, watching their young people feed themselves. However, the progress of technology has also disrupted the natural balance of this era. Technology needs a power source, for example, Google said to the media, "Of course our business likes nature. , but also need to run their companies". They continued. "We get our energy from oil and coal" @CAPS5 According to scientists like the boy, oil is the main source of big companies. That's because, but they don't Remembering the fact that it's over a million a year because. and! This is costing me the protection I get from the ozone layer. Accelerating climate change. "Without technological progress, we @MONTH1 will have a better, safer planet for generations to come . Oh sure, Sue said sarcastically. But since you text her, you don't know what it is, then ask her. If it weren't for technological advancement, people could have made my decision right. Texters of @PERCENT4 say they miss text explaining other people. This means that the world has made bad decisions. @PERCENT1 also said they engaged in the same sexting as they sent pictures. Underage children involved in illegal activities as @ORGANIZATION1 Police Chief Crime Officer says he needs @NUM6 more cases of child pornography since cellphones capable of sending pictures and texts were invented. The @PERCENT5 folks in @CAPS5 are in an era without my phone's technological advancements that wouldn't even have been possible for minors. Advances in cellular devices have also separated family farmers from farmers. @PERCENT6 of pare nts said their kids had some appreciation and lease on me before they got the phone. And @PERCENT1's kids wines have cellphones saying they don't think they need to interact with their family anymore. Do you believe this is a message to learn from future generations? Thanks for reading this, I hope you are now experiencing the other side of the debate, kids need to interact more with their families, enjoy nature and start exercising. This is not possible with the advancement of technology.
There are all kinds of computers, but they all do the same thing. Computers can help people do anything they need. For example, you can go online and chat with people, you can buy and sell things, you can go to college, you can study anything, and it helps you type neatly. I personally think computers are very useful and we are lucky to have them. Going online can provide you with many opportunities. From not having time to go to college online in person to just talking with friends. You can learn anything on a computer and it's a lot of fun. For most people I know, the computer is the greatest invention other than the obvious. Going to an online university is that simple. It doesn't have a lot. Many people in the country go to online universities. For example, parents who want to go back but can't go in person, or people who have a lot of work but can't fit in when it's time to actually go to college. But they can go online and take classes in their free time. Also, it's fun to chat with friends online. When you're not at your friend's house, you can chat with them online. Maybe you can continue @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 or @CAPS3 or even your email. There are so many ways to do it on an awesome computer. Computers are also crammed with tons of information that can be helpful to anyone in the world. You can learn about recipes from different countries, people, and even apple pictures. Who knows what you can learn. Computers have something for everyone in the world. Because we are all different. Some of us like to buy and sell things or do homework on the computer. Maybe even just a fun computer game would be fine. Everyone in the world is different, but we have one thing in common. The world knows we need computers, and computers are the smartest things since calculators. Buying and selling things on a computer is easier than it looks. All you have to do is put what you want to sell online, or go online and see what you want to buy. Then you buy it or sell it. There's more to the process, like @ORGANIZATION1 people take it to you or take it away from you. But that's just the basics. If your handwriting is messy, you can also do your homework neatly on your computer. So the computer has a lot to offer you and the world with everything it has to offer.
The subject of @MONTH1's attention, @CAPS1. My name is @PERSON1. I am writing in response to a letter sent to me on the subject of electronics. Computers, to be exact. To me, computers are helpful, but extremely mean. These metal nuggets are expensive, unhealthy and reduce the ability of humans to learn. Computers have too many negative features for me to handle. Dell, @ORGANIZATION1 and many other computer companies sell computers at ridiculously high prices. You buy a computer at a discount, and when you need your computer, @CAPS2!, glitches and problems will hit you. Now you have to call the repairman and he will charge you more money! Are you really spending your hard-earned money on a whole bunch of defective junk? This is absurd. I turned on my computer yesterday, what do you think happened? It crashes! My six hundred dollar computer is broken! Computers are too expensive to keep. When I get rid of mine, I don't get another. Have you ever sat in front of a computer for so long that your eyes were crying? Unbearably, this isn't the only problem your computer can cause. Your health is at stake! Your health declines when you sit in front of your computer to work or play instead of going out for a jog or exercising. Getting fat, staring at the screen with red eyes, do I want to continue! ? Your @MONTH1 favorite computer could hurt you. I say, get rid of that computer. Visit friends, family and acquaintances. Stay active and stay healthy. Not for me, but for you. Next point I'm going to say @MONTH1 shocks, surprises or scares you. Your computer makes you stupid. I can't say it very well. Don't call me rude because it's true. I'll give you an example. A student receives a classic homework assignment. Define these three or four words. easy right? Wrong, I'm afraid @NUM1 of the @NUM2 kids surveyed go home and use their computer to retrieve answers to homework. What if your child cheats? What will happen then? They may drop out of school early and live a life unable to teach themselves. Is this the world we want our children in? No! We should destroy computers. Thanks for reading my paper. As always, it's a pleasure to write to you. Have a nice day today.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 I think computers suck because you will be reluctant to do your homework because people are playing with a lot of computers and they are getting more and more interested in computers now it's not on computers, it's a different dagis, Because it's the same as having a myspace on the computer, it's vaery dangish, because there's dad on the computer and people shoot bad stuff on the computer.
I don't agree that computers are good for society. There are three main reasons why computers are bad, people are becoming more attached and not spending time with their families. Others gain weight because they stay on the computer, not exercise. There are also people who don't get fresh air and don't go out for a walk in the park. Computers allow people to keep their families out. When a girl wants to play with her sister, the sister just shuts her out and continues to email her friends on the computer. Family members need to stick together, but not when family members have family picnics or other family activities. Computers have addictive games that a person will play and ignore everyone, and sometimes a family member may fall into depression because he or she is ignored. Another reason why computers are bad is health issues. People get addicted and become lazy. They just sit in computer chairs and eat and drink bad things all day. People who gain weight may get dabetes from their weight. If people don't get the exercise they need to stay healthy, they can develop heart problems, as well as many more serious diseases. If you're at your weight limit then you probably won't be able to lose weight because your body is used to all the weight your heart @MONTH1 can't handle. Last but not least, people will stop going out, walking or talking with friends. People should go out at least once a day and see the air in nature. They should go to the beach to relax and relieve all the stress from computer games. Too much stress is bad for your health, and you may develop depression. If you're sitting in the dark with no sunlight, prolonged computer use can be bad, and it can be bad for your eyes. So you can see that there are a lot of bad things about computers. Most problems or problems are related to someone's health. So that's why I think it's not good for society's good. I want you to take these reasons to heart. Thanks!
Dear newspaper, I read an article in @DATE1's newspaper discussing whether the impact of computers on people is positive or negative. As much as I love my computer, I know that computers can have bad effects on people. Computers lead to a lack of exercise, a lack of time for family and friends, and a lack of enjoyment of nature. While computers can help people in many ways, they can also make things worse for people. In @LOCATION1, the obesity rate reached an all-time high for @PERCENT1. The computer is an inactive activity, so if you do use it, you won't be able to exercise. At one point I played on the computer for two full hours and gained two pounds. Your health is also important. When you become overweight, you are at risk for diabetes, high colon, heart failure, liver failure, and more. My uncle is overweight, just diagnosed with diabetes, and now he regrets the computer he's been giving him. Finally, the folks at @MONTH1 say that computers can create great hand-eye coordination. Computers might do this, but is hand-eye coordination ever used? No, because that person is busy playing with the computer, can you see what effect the computer has on your health? 88% of @CAPS1 voted that the most important things in their lives are their family and friends. The other 12% said their computer or phone is the most important thing in their life because they can't live without it. Not spending time with family and friends is a terrible thing. When my mom lost touch with a new friend, @CAPS2 regretted not spending so much time with them. Also, if you don't spend time with people, it can lead to social problems. If the only thing you're doing is talking to someone on your computer, you're going to have language problems. My neighbor, whom I also never talked to, never actually came out of his house, he always seemed to be on his computer and no one came over. One day someone came and they started talking outside. When I overheard some of their conversations, I could hear the words he had trouble saying, and he didn't have a large vocabulary. Finally, you can also develop relationship issues. Can't see the real relationship. That's why computers can negatively affect not only you, but your family and friends as well. In our daily life, we observe nature and it is beautiful. Spending time on the computer instead of enjoying nature is scary. For example, if I don't go out all day and I have to spend time on the computer, I'm going to be miserable. Nature is a gift that should be given to everyone. @CAPS3 Air is also good for your body. Without @CAPS3 air, you will be inhaling chemically altered air, which is not good for your body. Finally, everyone is seeing @CAPS4 getting warmer online, but why aren't we taking action! If you spend your time on your computer, you won't be helping nature. I remember when I read @CAPS4 warm up on my computer. So I took action and cleaned up our lake. This is why computers have a negative impact on people. Computers can be great in many ways, but what sucks is how much time you put into your computer. This is why computers have a negative impact on our society.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, On @DATE1, the world has changed for the better. Technology has become so advanced that there are new treatments for different diseases. Computers are one of those huge benefits. They let you communicate faster. You can keep in touch with family and old friends. You can also talk to different people who live in another state, country or continent. This saying says "communication is the key". I'll go into more detail about this in the next paragraph. I remember a long time ago that the only way to communicate was by letter, otherwise you had to walk. There are now only one e-mail or one instant message computer. Someone can get your message in. It may take a while by sending a letter. Even if you call someone, they @MONTH1 are not home or answering the phone. But you can get it via email and instant message. Sending long distances also costs nothing. This will be my next topic. A professor at @ORGANIZATION2 once said that "computers take time" but, if you think about it, what it's actually doing is reconnecting with family and old friends. For example, you can't see them again after you move @MONTH1. Then you get a new phone number and forget everyone else's. If you have a computer, you have access to this awesome social network where you can look up some old friends' names and distant realities and you'll find out that it's really them. More than them you are to other family members, and before you know all this, you are to other people. Now, I'll bring you my @DATE1 thread. The World Wide Web is a big place with people from all over the world. On the World Wide Web, you can meet some new people who do not live in your state or country. But when you meet this person, you will find that you start clicking on them @MONTH1 is another rarity. It's okay, you can learn new things about different cultures. While the two of you @MONTH1 have some things in common, there are other things you can share that you love to do and try so you can both have fun and learn new things. Now you'll find that it's time to buy a computer instead of never experiencing it. With a computer, you can communicate faster. You can reconnect with distant relatives and old friends. You can also talk to different people who like you.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2, you know that computers are an important part of our society. They've improved a lot since the first computers, and now you don't even need a keyboard. Having a computer benefits our society because it allows us to learn about technology and how to remember when we start typing a lot. You have the opportunity to learn about what you like. And @CAPS2, you can communicate with people from all over the world. Every day you will learn something new! Learn a lot now and you'll do better along the way! That's what teachers say. We'll let computers do this. Computers can teach us! The more you use your computer, the more you know about it. You can find out how it's made and what viruses it might have. Computers can also teach you in ways you may never have imagined. When you sit at your computer and type, you start to memorize the positions of certain letters, numbers, and punctuation marks. Now you @MONTH1 ask the little ones? How do they learn from computers? They sell millions of games for kids to help them learn before preschool. In fact, of all the kids who started playing educational games before they entered preschool, @PERCENT1 led the way. How awesome is that? Both children and adults use computers. For kids, when they use the computer, they are doing what they love to do. For example, my brother really likes parcore. Parcore is a group of people flipping off buildings, walls, or anything they can find. When he turns on the computer, he looks up different parcore tricks that he can do or learn to do. For adults, they use it for work. They might have to find things for a meeting they might have or a business they might have to work with. Using a computer can be fun for some people and useful for others. But anyway, the way they use the computer helps them keep going. Communication is one of the main reasons people use computers. There's email, @CAPS3, twitter, facebook, myspace, and more. If you asked ten random people on the street if they had facebook, @PERCENT2 would answer yes. When it comes to business and relationships, communication is key. For relationships like family and friends, it's great if they have a computer far away to talk to. Even for businesses that use these internet communications, you can communicate with people if you're running late. Computers have been and will always be an important part of our society. Computers help us in ways like learning to communicate and work, because it's good to know that the technology can help us.
Dear Reader, Regarding the current debates about the impact of computers, I believe they are of great benefit to all. For example, on some computers, commercial software can be integrated to allow meetings to provide assistance on the computer. Not only is it convenient, but it also saves money. Also, computers come with built-in programs that can help keep track of your expenses. These are simple and save a lot of time. Also, a computer can help you keep in touch with your friends. Even if they are @NUM1 miles away, you can click a button and have a live video chat! First, commercial software on new computers is out of this world. You can create sales and expense brochures with the click of a mouse. It's a cheaper, greener way of expressing ideas. Additionally, you and all of your clients can hold conference calls from your computer. Doing so allows you to relax and multitask while your computer gives you call coverage in crystal-clear sound. Normally the phone would have to be glued to your ear, but now you have your hands free. Another time when computers are convenient is during tax time. Tired of running around your home looking for your car bill from three months ago? Well, with spreadsheet software like @ORGANIZATION1, taxes can be calculated along with their names, so when you hand your taxes to a tax advisor, everything is in order. Using these tools can reduce stress and make you less depressed. Even better, you can buy a tax program for your computer so you don't have to leave the couch! Think about asking someone to calculate your taxes year after year when you can save a fortune and do it yourself. Most importantly, a computer can help you connect with old friends who moved or parted ways at an early age. The Internet now includes many social networking sites, such as @CAPS1, @CAPS2, and @CAPS3, where you can reunite with lost friends. These networks also provide access to photo sharing and chat, so everyone can see your family status and vice versa. In addition to this, there is video chat, where you can have a face-to-face conversation with someone even on the other side of the world. It's completely private, so it's not dangerous to say family members' names or their locations. The internet is truly an amazing tool! All in all, the Internet plays a very important role in our daily life. Not only can we see who is running the @ORGANIZATION2 game, but it also has interactive business software. Never again will work be so difficult. In addition, computers have programs to help you manage your expenses, keeping you ahead of the game. Finally, it's also helpful for all the tools you can use to interact with friends thousands of miles away. I believe that computers are essential to success and happiness in life. This is a new era, let's get used to it.
For anyone following @MONTH1, @CAPS1 is your life without a laptop or desktop. Will you be busy? How will you keep up with your emails or the type of articles this newspaper has? While some at @MONTH1 think computers are moving away from exercising, enjoying nature, and spending time with family and friends, computers do have a positive impact on us. The reasons are endless, but three of the most prominent are that you can communicate with people in other states or countries, learning from websites is more fun than textbooks, and ultimately @CAPS2 will be computerized anyway. am i right? Did your old teacher assign you a pen pal from another state or country? If yes, don't you have to write a letter? Then you must wait at least @NUM1 weeks for your penpal to reply. If you've used a computer, you'll get a response within a few days. I know many parents and other adults @MONTH1 think emails are a waste of energy, but they are actually faster than letters. Has your daughter or son ever told you that reading textbooks is boring? Yes? No? That's where computers come in. Using the internet is more fun than reading books. I know some students can read a book and keep all the facts they learned from that book, but different students learn differently. If students learn from the internet, they are more likely to remember it because they won't fall asleep because of textbook boredom. As many have mentioned, some statistics show that @CAPS2 will be computerized at least until @DATE1. Do you really want to be the last forgotten person? I don't understand that you are someone who likes to keep up with current events, why don't you use your computer more often? When they say @CAPS2, they mean @CAPS2. They even have the @CAPS3 tool on the computer. So I hope you'll be surprised by how many people think computers work. Many people will say the same to me. The choice is yours, which side are you on? thank you.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1's name is @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 in @CAPS5 @CAPS6 @NUM1 rank in @LOCATION1. I am writing to you because I have heard that more and more people are using computers, but not everyone agrees that it is good for society. In @CAPS1's opinion, I think it's good for society. If you keep reading, I'll fall for why it's good for society. @CAPS1 Number one reason why computers have a positive impact on people. For example, when I see @CAPS1 brother running on the computer, he looks smarter. @NUM2 of the @NUM3 members of the @CAPS1 family learn from computers. The second reason @CAPS1 teaches hand-eye coordination. For example, @CAPS1 hands are the ones who do everything for me when I play games on my computer. (@PERSON1 example is we I watch game @CAPS1 with hands spinning) @CAPS7 @NUM4 of @NUM3 people play games in computer and let their hands do everything. @CAPS1 The third reason it empowers people to learn. For example, when I use a computer, I teach so much that I continue most of the time. @NUM6 @NUM3 students study on the computer and they learn something they never knew. They also have the ability to learn more on the computer. One might say that people spend too much time on the computer. However, I say computers can help people understand what's going on in words. For example, they can learn about the ongoing war and how people are risking their lives for it. All in all, @CAPS1 thinks it's good for society. The computer has an active role, my hands, eyes, it gives people the ability to learn. I think you should put all your support on this issue.
Have you ever had someone move out and you want to keep in touch? Well, having a computer allows that to happen. @CAPS4, it allows students to learn different places. people wait. But why don't some people hire them? The first computer allowed you to chat online with friends and family. Like using email, @CAPS1 and video chat, like I had a friend move away and now we keep in touch via email back and forth. @CAPS1 allows people to chat instantly and upload pictures and videos. For example my @CAPS2 @CAPS3 photos of my cousins so people can see how they grew up. Finally, some businesses use webcams to talk to others. Say the boss, but to see how his employees get along with him, he can connect a webcam and talk to them. This is how computers let people use @CAPS4, computers let people at @CAPS4 know things, for example, if a student wants to create a topic, they can enter the topic into a website or something like Google and they can find all they need The answers help them complete the project. @CAPS4 If a family wants to keep watching, they can search it and find hotels and websites they might want to see, that's how computers allow people to read, so that readers can read their handwriting. @CAPS4 They help with taxes. For example, turbo tax is an online program that allows people to pay their taxes online and it remembers every tax you pay. So if a company sends you a notice that you haven't paid your bill, you can go ahead and pay the turbo tax and check. So, reader, these are some of the ways people should enjoy their computers. They allow people to chat with friends and family via email, @CAPS1 and @CAPS4 via webcam. They @CAPS4 enable people to learn about distant places and people. Finally, what's so bad about having a computer? They allow people to pay taxes and @CAPS4 type documents online. Computers are needed in this day and age, otherwise some people cannot survive without them. So, readers, these are some of the reasons why people should use computers with ease.
Dear local paper, have you noticed that a lot of people are always on their laptops or computers? Well, when they go online, they don't get exercise at all. I have three seasons on why people should spend less time on their computers. People can get sick, can forget a lot, and never have the future they always wanted. The number one reason people should spend less time on the computer is that people might get sick. For example, they have a lot of people who just eat and eat and only use their computers. Some people become obese by doing so. When they do, they go online to find out how to lose weight, but they never do it. Some people go online for surgery because they are so fat. They think they're the internet's cure for obesity, but the truth is, their only cure is to do. Some exercise, because if they're not on the computer, that's the only therapy they can get. When people surf the web, they forget a lot of things. Some people spend almost all day or even their whole life on their computer, and they don't know what else to do but surf the web. What I've seen is that some people forget where they are or even who. They also forgot who their family members were and did not contact at all. This is not a nice guy. My third and final reason is that there is no future. Sure, there are people who apply for jobs from their computers from home, but their only problem is that they don't get enough exercise and pay, as well as people working outside. Some people want to do something for their life, but how can they not because they are addicted to computer. Some people have to go to therapy so they can stop going online. do you want that? Sickness, loss of memory and no bright future are three reasons why people should stop using computers and start exercising. If I was addicted to my computer, I wouldn't be educated, and I wouldn't be writing this letter now. Do some exercise. Together we can make a change or find a cure.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, I think more people should start using computers. They can offer things that are just written down or not on paper, like being able to learn about things not taught in school, you can talk to friends online, and you can put everything together. I think the number one reason more people should use computers is that they can learn things they haven't been taught. Such as current events, the history of our country and how our government works. Now some people will argue that you can read about current events in @CAPS1 or in the newspapers. But a computer can give you news in an article and then show it to you in a video. In my opinion, news from the internet is also not as visually concise as @CAPS1. Another reason I think more people should use a computer is that you can talk to your friends over the internet. That's great because @MONTH1 has some people you haven't seen in a while because of the move. I had a friend who moved to Pittsburgh at @NUM1 and when I got your @CAPS3 account I was able to find him and talk to him for a while. Or you can keep in touch with friends from other schools. The last reason I think people should use a computer is that you can keep pictures, videos, documents, and contacts when the going gets tough. This is important because I wasn't very organized when I was in school. But I started using my book and started doing some work on the computer. This has helped me reduce clutter and put all my work in our place. It also means you can email your walk information to a teacher or note a friend who may be absent that day. So all in all, or why I think we should get people to use computers more. They can help you study, let you chat with friends, or let you keep everything in one place. That's why I think more people should use computers.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, computers have no positive effect on people. Thanks to computers, people are less active, enjoying nature or interacting with family and friends. One reason this is true is because people are not exercising, they are too busy playing with the computer. People are gaining weight, which is already an issue in @LOCATION1 because of unwanted technology. There are many sports to do, such as football, baseball, rugby, etc. People seem to manage well without computers and are more active before them. Another reason why computers don't have a positive effect on people is that they don't go out and enjoy nature. People spend so much time looking for beautiful places and animals that they can easily explore outside! Take a walk in the forest or local park, or even on the beach, and you'll see plenty of animals. Not to mention, in the back of their own home, tons of different plants and flowers that they never notice! Without computers, people can soon start enjoying nature more frequently. Third, one reason why computers are not positive towards people is because they are not interacting with other people. Some people are too busy facebook or myspace, email or @CAPS3-ing each other. Sometimes they don't even talk to someone they believe, which is not only dangerous but unhealthy. What's wrong with calling someone far away? You can actually hear them and know them on another line! How people email their friends on the street is ridiculous. It's easier and healthier to walk to their house. Instead of sitting in front of a screen all day, the two of you can chat, take a walk, or play a game. Computers have made it more difficult to communicate face-to-face with others. People who use computers are not active enough, enjoy nature less often, or interact with others too much. They don't have a positive effect on people at all. You should also agree and leave the computer to the professionals.
Dear editors, I am planning a trip to @LOCATION1. I used my computer to find my way in a second. Computers are great, people-friendly devices, but as technology has developed, people have come to rely on them for entertainment. Some @MONTH1 disagree, but there are many outdoor activities that are healthier than sitting at a computer all day, such as socializing, outdoor activities and other sports. Getting familiar with @CAPS1 is a great social program, but there are many more serious dangers. Did you know that anyone can view your profile that contains personal information? You don't always have to be online to chat. Call a friend, maybe hang out at the local movie theater. A lot of people, I agree, think watching a movie with their friends is more fun than playing online chess or any other virtual game with a movie buff friend? no problem! Go for a walk or bike ride or walk the dog while cycling! There are so many. @ORGANIZATION1 Park. Spend your vacation at @TIME1 camping, biking during the day, a wonderful part of nature and the best part of your park anywhere in the world! Camp at a weekend place to be closer to your family and friends. Hiking is a popular activity at the park for all ages, so get out and spend a weekend outdoors! Don't look at the computer screen. Football, baseball, basketball and hockey. These are just a lot of fun sports. There, yes, they are certainly fun and healthy. Every town I know has many playgrounds used by children and adults of all ages. It's also a great way to make friends! Get to know them in person rather than through the internet. Having fun while exercising every day is better than having fun on the computer. what are you waiting for? Stop reading this article and get out and meet new people. Visit local parks or play sports for fun. If I were to say anything but use a computer, it wouldn't be in the entire newspaper. So go explore!
guess what! Do you like to use computer? I think this is good for society for several reasons. It's great to use it to get information about things, meet people, just expose the internet, and if you keep reading @CAPS1 I'll tell you why. One of the reasons I think it's good for society is how, in this lifetime, you need to understand what's going on in the world. So you don't always have to watch the news or read newspapers. You can go online and see what's going on online. That's why I think it's good for today's society. The second reason is to allow computer users to chat and meet new people over the Internet. Ability to chat online with family members, your friends, and more. What you haven't seen or heard in a long time. And you don't have their phone number, you tell them when they're on the internet. The third reason is to have a computer and be on it all the time. You can browse the internet and get facts about people, things and places you never knew, and by accessing the internet you learn more about things you didn't know before. The fourth reason is to have a computer that can go to school on the Internet. And you don't have to leave your home because you can go to school from there, and by doing so most people avoid trouble because there is no house there. Unfortunately, I had to end this letter, but I gave a lot of reasons and details as to why I thought owning a computer was a good idea. You will agree with me and why I think so.
In my opinion, I think computers have a positive effect on people. Computers allow you to communicate with people from anywhere in the world. You can learn about different places faster than reading books. There are many more jobs that require people with computer skills. It's also fun and educational. Can you imagine how difficult it would be to communicate with the people who live there, say @LOCATION1. It's going to be harder, don't you think? Well, thanks to the computer, it's as easy as turning on the computer. Many teachers enjoy doing activities with pen pals. If you have to write letters, it's even harder. Phone calls can also cost a lot of money. Also, if you're looking for specific information about Florida, it's a lot easier on a computer. Instead of reading tons of books, you just type in what you're looking for, in which case you might not even find what you're looking for. Computers also have millions of pieces of information. The computer also has a variety of pictures, which is also good. Another good reason is that more and more jobs these days want to hire people who know how to use a computer. You can do a lot of things on a computer that you can't do on paper. Such as making animated films and video games. These things have evolved over the years thanks to computers. Finally my last reason, it's not only educational but also fun. Sure, you can research information and do your homework on your computer, but you can also play games. Computers can do all sorts of different things. Computers can be programmed to simulate jobs like police officers, ambulance drivers and doctors. These are life-saving things. That's why I think computers have a positive effect on people. Without computers, our country might not be as developed as it is today.
People use computers every day. There are always many reasons. They may be talking to one of their relatives. They may also be looking for work. There are a lot of things that people shouldn't tell them what to do with their lives. A lot of people in @LOCATION1 use their computer to chat and keep up to date with an old friend of theirs. They may also be talking to one of their relatives. There's something called a webcam, and people in @LOCATION1 use it so they can see each other. Business people are always on the computer because they need to print documents and they may need to send something to another country. Business people also do a lot of work on the computer. They can still work out at @TIME1 for a quick jog, but if they want to stay fit, that's their choice, and they're busy people. On the other hand, the people who use the computer are not business people, nor are the people talking to family or old friends are students and parents. A large number of students at @LOCATION1 have daily projects and they have to look up their information on the computer. On the other hand, parents also help their children, they also talk to their relatives or people who are looking for a new home or job. If all these people are busy, let them do the work they want. When they're done, they can exercise, but if they don't want to, and someone else tells them not to go for a walk or do anything healthy, then they're lost. Nor can we have some. They just get better every day and have no effect on us. It affects them. If they want to use it on a computer, their eyesight will also be degraded by too much light.
Dear @CAPS1 of @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS2 brought to my attention several people concerned about the tech boom and computer overuse. I can assure you that technological upgrades will only hurt our people. Email and @CAPS3 @CAPS4 only degrade our already poor communication skills. Additionally, we are spending less and less time outdoors exercising because we are trapped in a technological revolution full of inaccurate information. Why should we hurt ourselves instead of helping? @CAPS2 It is clear that our teens grow up without communication skills. I remember reading a persuasive article and realizing they used a language based on @CAPS3 @CAPS4. @CAPS2 is ridiculous, we forgot how to use the correct syntax of the @CAPS7 language. Also, I've observed that when my friends talk, they use slang terms like "@CAPS8" and "@CAPS9". I know that after computers communicate in faster and easier ways, we can't forget the work of @CAPS10. There, those who wish they weren't the biggest loser say @CAPS2, but if they keep minding them, they're going to join the millions of obese people. Americans I think when people are in front of their computers they tend to carry junk food with them! Contrary to this, spend these hours with @ORGANIZATION2 Instead of exercising and allowing you to be creative, citizens would rather pay for a computer or pay for a big, free and flashy computer? Also, people are wasting their vital attention. Therefore, more than three of them are unreliable facts. Also, statistics show that almost all of @PERCENT1's students are used to it. The statistics also showed that when students used the sites, they scored significantly lower than those who did the seemingly "hard" task of finding research content in textbooks. What's so scary about @CAPS2? Obviously, nothing is overwhelming. @CAPS2 is only happy when students get amazing grades and the classmates around them don't. Also, I ask you why people's brains are flooded with untrue information? In short, the impact of computers on people is very negative. Therefore, many people do not have communication skills. They're also more likely to become less obese, and if that's not enough, they'll hurt themselves because they're obsessed with inaccurate information. I urge people to ditch @PERSON1 and @CAPS11. PC and start checking out @ORGANIZATION2 Nature! She is very pretty!
Dear local paper, I believe the coolest effect computers have on people. It allows people to develop hand-eye coordination, learn about distant people and cultures, and communicate online via email or instant messaging. All of these reasons prove to be positive reasons for using a computer. You'll need computer skills for a variety of jobs, and a better start than you have now. Hand-eye coordination is one of life. You need a job, and the job @CAPS1 gets in a few days must be able to find him within a quarter mile and in the office where you have to watch typing. You look popular today. @CAPS6, @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 are just a few of the many sites where people can communicate via instant message or email. All of these sites allow you to find family, friends, and more. You can be with an out-of-state friend, or you can talk to someone out of the country! Many people do this in their spare time to try and reunite with people you met in high school through college. Many of these people haven't seen @NUM1. So, as you can see, there are a lot of people in the world today connecting with people through the internet. As you can see, I support the use of computers, I feel they are essential to people's daily lives. Whether they're building hand-eye coordination, researching a country, or connecting with family and friends via @CAPS3, @CAPS2, @CAPS6, the internet is highly valued and I hope you feel the same.
Computers are a great achievement of mankind. It is very useful for finding information quickly and has many other features. Although computers are all useful tools in the modern world. It has a negative effect on people. People don't get enough exercise because they are always on the computer. At the same time, they are socially active. What was lost, and perhaps most negatively, was the vast amount of freedom people gained on the Internet. Exercise can be one of the most important things in life and a healthy life. People should take at least a walk every day. If people sit in front all day, there will be more of them. People should pursue a healthy lifestyle instead of having computers everywhere. People also lost the ability to interact. Life becomes mundane. Everyone is texting someone. The biggest surprise is having online dating. It's scary because you're probably dating some lunatic. If someone thinks there's love, and when couples come across and don't know how to interact, that's the real problem. Even if you're just on the computer. You can use this time to socialize with friends and family. And finally the great freedom of anyone with computers. There are a lot of bullies out there who want to sell you stuff, and a lot of people who want your personal information. Many kids sign up for something like facebook, but they don't like it. They put employees like there on the address without paying attention to how and who sent them friend requests. Computers have many negative effects on people. It would be great if the system could be improved a bit, people need to be more accountable. People are not supposed to go out and interact. walk. Just don't let the computer control your life.
Have you ever had a computer? I'm sure if you're my age, you know how much fun it is to explore the internet. It's a brain that gives you information about everything. But it's not good for you to drop everything and go to your computer. Things like exercise, socializing, and homework are important. If you don't exercise, you'll start to gain weight, and if you don't socialize, you'll be a loner. Homework is the most important thing because it will help you through your life. It's okay to run on a computer every now and then, but not for a few hours. Exercise will keep you in shape, and if you plan to play sports, you should jog a few times a day. Some people make you feel bad if you're older than them. For example, I know a guy who is a little old for his age, but people don't like him, they always make fun of him. I suggest that you should focus on something more important than the computer. Do you have ant friends? Or they all leave you because you don't stop browsing the web on your computer. As a teenager, you should socialize with your friends at movies, arcade games, and parties. Not on a computer at home. Especially with your family because you never know if they will shop for you you ask me it's selfish. Have you been getting bad grades since you got your computer? Education is the thing you need most in your life. Without it, you can't be or do anything because you won't have a degree to get a job. How do you pay for electricity for your computer if you don't have a job? Education can happen anywhere if you want. Otherwise, you might end up on the street with a computer that doesn't work. Do you still think this has a positive effect on people? You should talk to parents about getting their child a computer. For example, tell the parent to enter a password that only she/he knows, so he has to ask you to log in every time we need it. Block things you think are important to your child, especially if your child enjoys sex. That's why I don't think it gives people the right effect they might need.
Dear newspaper, @CAPS1, the fresh air cools your skin and the wind blows through your hair as you run side by side with your best friend. You think about the millions of people who spend their time chatting on their computers. You also want to know how much these people exercise and whether they are able to interact with friends and family. Think about whether your current lifestyle is dominated by computers or is it free and wild? When you think about chatting with people, do you think it's an in-person communication or a purposeful communication? I surveyed my friends and found that 5 out of 10 people go home to chat with friends online. This upsets me because this half of the kids are mostly inactive but they're talkative, so I haven't found a problem yet. I asked questions like "What do you do at home?", "Are you a computer geek?" (@CAPS2 questions are just to support my investigation) Next time you're asked to chat online, say no before you get addicted to your computer. How much exercise a person does depends on who it is. Some people live on their computers like @CAPS3 @CAPS4 (Comcast commercial), some don't know what a computer is (don't comment). I'm here to teach the benefits of exercise, not the unnatural ways of computers. Did you know that people can lose weight by exercising? If you just pick up that old curl weight, a curl is ten times better than clicking a computer mouse, don't believe me try it. Interacting with people is an important part of our lives, it's how we get, give orders, and communicate faster than sending an email. If we don't communicate with each other, we can suffer from depression. Depression can make people sick, for example, my dad, when @CAPS5 got divorced, depression affected his mind and body. At the age of @NUM1, @CAPS5 had his small intestine ripped, infected and possibly ended his life. I believe this is due to lack of communication, which happens to everyone every day, just open your eyes and understand what a computer can do to a man or a woman. (@CAPS5 was remarried to bonnie and now has a scar on his stomach). This is a movement that should change the perception of many people, are people spending too much time on the computer? Go out and talk to your neighbors and see what they think. I very much hope you will consider my arguments.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2, some people do spend most of their time on the computer, but not all. Oh, let me never start. Not everyone likes computers. Just like scientists, your bank and school. These computers can help us get through our lives. Without these computers, we would still be ignorant of many things. However, some people do take advantage of computers. They still do. A ruthless prank like child porn. One of our big problems in the world is child pornography. This has a lot to do with kidnapping. Or in rare cases, the parent is the cause. So those are a lot of changes that need to be made. But when that clears up, the computer world will be at peace again.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, I know experts say people spend a lot of time on their computer and don't agree. I'm writing to you today to give you my views on the impact of computers on people's time use, what they're doing, and computer crashes. If you would like to continue, I would like to share my thoughts with you. Today's computers are consuming our world. People spend a lot of time on the computer. I believe they should have set up a timer to keep track of their time on the computer. Lets say they set a @NUM1 hour limit and then once it is reached they have to get off. I think it helps because if you spend too much time indoors you won't get enough exercise, which is bad for our health. Read on to learn how we should use computers. Parents should set a good example for their children. If parents use computer @NUM2, then their kids will think it's okay to do so. If kids then start spending all their time on the computer, they won't be spending any time with friends. Today's kids need to spend more time outside than playing games on the computer. Parents and children also need to spend time together, and if they're both on the computer, they can't spend time together. Read on for how we'll freeze your computer. When we just want to use the computer, I call it a computer freeze. We need to be healthy with our computer usage. If we are not, then we can start withdrawing money from the computer and then will spend more time on the computer. If you let the computer freeze, then it will slowly start to take over our lives. I think if this does happen, it will be hard to get over the process of stopping using the computer. Please read on to complete my letter. Thank you for reading about how we need to manage our time, how we use our computers and our computer freezes. I hope you will consider my thoughts. Thanks again for taking the time to read this article.
Dear editor, I agree that people do spend a lot of time on their computers. If you read this you will see my why. One of them will be related to exercise. The other two will be about your friends and family. So please read my reasons and at the end I hope I can express my opinion. Well, like I said first, we're going to talk about the lack of exercise due to always being on the computer. Did you know that because of being on the computer all the time, you stop focusing on exercising? You eat @CAPS1 and don't exercise because you worry about the computer. The weight you know doesn't burn off on its own. So by not burning off fat, you just keep gaining and gaining. You're overweight when you know it and wish you didn't spend all your time on that computer. How I explained your workout. Where to talk about you, you bring your computer, you'll be with your family. For example, your family wants to go out but you refuse because that computer @CAPS1 parents will @CAPS1 they will because of your lack of communication with your family. I have my two reasons for getting my third. You play ice on that computer, you're addicted, but you don't lose touch with your family or your friends. You like that computer so much, you probably like basketball, softball, and more teams because you think it takes up most of your computer time. You may end up losing a lot of friendships. @CAPS1 Your boyfriend or girlfriend will dump you. So, now that you've read this, I hope I can point you to my point about what computers can ultimately do to you.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I am writing this letter to tell you that computers do benefit society. Computers are good for society because we can understand where we want to go. It also benefits society because in a few years everything will be computers. But computers benefit society because they @MONTH1 make life easier now. My point is that computers do benefit society. Computers are of great help to everyone. First, we can understand where we want to go. We want to learn about these places so we can travel there. But we might wonder when we know a lot about that place, but our tickets are thrown on a computer website and then after you get your ticket, you can go and discover those places/places. Second, in a few years everything will be a computer. However, @CAPS3 will be thrown into a computer site (the World Wide Web). We will be educated online. There will be online games. Computers do benefit society. Finally, computers make life easier. They make life easier because you can go online and chat instead of picking up the phone to call your friends or family, they also make life easier because you can keep targeting or any chat site instead of going to your family or Friend's house you get and chat to throw instant messages. In conclusion, computers do benefit society. First, you can understand where you want to go. Second, everything will be thrown to the computer in a few years. Finally, computers make life easier.
Dear local paper, my take on the impact of computers on people is that I don't think it's great that computers are good for people, but it's good for many, and now I have three reasons why it's good, my reason is, looking for New places to meet new people, when people have nothing to do, and teenagers who can't live without a computer. My number one reason is to find new places and meet new people. People with computers can google the places they want to go where they will meet new people so they don't have to use the computer as often as they would be too busy with new friends. My second reason is that people have nothing to do. If people have nothing to do, they can always invite friends to watch a movie on their computer without going to the cinema, and they don't have to pay. All you can do is download it. There are also many movie sites. My last reason is about how teenagers can't live without computers. Teens are the teens they have to have technology for. If you take the computer away from them, they'll do other things. That's even worse because if you tell them to get out, they won't do it. Maybe what you can do is let them use the computer, but only laptops are for outdoor use. This is my take on the impact of computers on people.
Computers benefit society, and people can socialize with anyone online. You can use the internet to communicate with people all over the world. I've been talking vidio char almost all the time with my penpal from @LOCATION2, the most popular sites today are social networking sites. Such as facebook, myspace and twitter, these days @PERCENT1 people have an account on at least one of these sites and the number is growing every day. @CAPS1 live makes video games more social. The @NUM1 kids in @NUM2 play with friends they know while playing @CAPS1. By using a computer, your hand-eye coordination will be significantly improved, which is used in many sports. "I don't know if I would be a good tennis player without using a computer to improve my hand-eye coordination." @PERSON1 You can use hand-eye coordination to complete tasks faster. I can copy notes faster because I can write and read at the same time. Whether you like hand-eye coordination or not, computers can improve hand-eye coordination with @PERCENT2. People can use computers to study online. When you're online, you can learn about cool places and plan your vacation. For @DATE1, my dad and I learned about @LOCATION1 through the internet and we decided to go there and buy tickets. You can learn about interesting people in history. There are more than 10 billion articles about celebrities in history. If you are a chef, you can also learn new cooking methods on the Internet. "@CAPS2 and @ORGANIZATION1 I learn most of my cooking online." - @Organization1. You can also learn how to improve your sports technique online. Before I joined the swim team, I looked up online how to improve your swimming technique and how I qualified to go @CAPS3 with my team because the internet shaved two seconds off my time, which was enough for me to go. I believe that the computer is an amazing invention that has been integrated into society tremendously.
Dear newspaper @CAPS1, I think, in my opinion, computers are of great benefit to society. I think it's because of @NUM1 the main reason: computers are an infinite source of knowledge, sites with online communities, and it's fun to use. As we all know, computers are an infinite source of knowledge. Now, as you know, adults need work A @CAPS2, so most of the time if someone has to research something for a job, they can use a computer. Even school-going kids need to use a computer's internet to complete projects or homework. Now I know that everyone, especially kids and teens, likes to talk to their friends, so most people sign up for an online community site. Now I know online pedophiles pretty well, but this can be solved by the fact that friends you know in real life sign up too. Finally, I have to say that computers are fun to use. Kids like me who usually have a long, hard day at school like to come home and rest and play some nice games on the computer. Now that sounds lazy, but doing so is a distraction from other things. That's where I stand in terms of endless knowledge, online communities, and the joys of computing.
Are computers good for society? Yes, computers benefit society. Computers give kids a lot of knowledge about things they can't or can't do in real life. Another thing is that computers give kids a positive ego or entertainment. Computers also allow other kids to communicate with each other like facebook or @CAPS1. There are many good details on why computers are good for society. First, when most kids don't know the answer to a question, they can find it on Google. This helps in most cases. Also, when on Google or anything "@CAPS2 @CAPS3", it gives kids the chance to @CAPS2 anything, most likely to get a reasonable answer. Kids can @CAPS2 learn facts about other countries, celebrities and even pet types! Another benefit of having a computer is that most kids who go online are there to have fun or entertain themselves, which may lead to a positive ego or better self-confidence. Just because kids don't go out, doesn't mean they can't play inside either. Third, parents or any guardians always talk about the kids there or want to watch them with friends. With things like facebook and @CAPS1 or @CAPS5 you can make new friends in town and even in other @CAPS6. The Internet can do all of these things. Finally, are computers good for society? Yes, computers are really good for society, they can give you a lot of knowledge, make new friends, and make kids kids. As you can see, computers do benefit society.
Dear Newspaper Editor, @PERCENT1 of @CAPS1 owns and uses a computer every day. Computers are killing our country. We need to stop this misuse of computers. Millions of parents and children spend at least @NUM1 minutes a day on their computers. They are either working or playing. There are many @CAPS2 games and other types of games on the internet. Children use these for entertainment. But having a @NUM2 year old play gun games is definitely not acceptable. Children are often so addicted to playing these addictive games that they don't even want to play sports or go out. As a result, children lose much-needed movement and fresh air. This can lead to obesity or other weight problems. @PERCENT2 in @CAPS1 is already fat, so why put these horrible games out there? The last thing @LOCATION1 needs is to make more kids fat! ! There are two good and bad ways to use a computer. Using a computer can be planning a vacation, or working, or even checking your child's grades online. But for these reasons, many children and parents do not use computers. Children were caught watching porn, buying illegal drugs, breaking into systems and other criminal types of things. Computers are a way to do things you shouldn't, while keeping your identity hidden. For example, when I sign up for a website subscription so I can play a game, it asks me for personal information. It will ask for my name, address, phone number and other information. So what my mom taught me to do is use false information. Therefore, computer hackers or fraudulent websites cannot steal my personal information. Who did we know that people wouldn't use illegal programs to do this? Computers are dangerous to @LOCATION1's health. In addition to obesity, there have been reported cases of seizures in children or parents who had pictures of games implanted in their eyes because they didn't watch them. There has even been a case where a child went mad and killed his/her parents in anger. Computers have turned children and parents into beasts. Parents often try to get their kids to stop playing certain games. In some cases, parents destroy accounts on websites or take computers away for a period of time. These behaviors of parents make children insane! Reportedly smashing computers, doing bad things at school, killing parents (as I said before), and in some cases suicide. So all in all, computers are the source of health problems, mobility problems, and psychological problems. If we want to get @LOCATION1 back to the @LOCATION1 we all love, then we the people must stop this computer addiction!
Dear @CAPS1, In a recent poll, it was determined that @PERCENT1 in @CAPS2 has used or touched a computer. Where @PERCENT2 means @CAPS2 uses the computer every day, not just for work. Widespread use of this technology leads to their lack of exercise habits, @CAPS4, their enjoyment of nature is much less. Also, people spend less time interacting with family and friends. These are devastating effects on our society. "The biggest reason people don't exercise," says health professor @PERSON1, "is because they don't have time." This problem can be attributed directly to statistics, with @CAPS2 spending an average of @NUM1 and a half hours a day on the computer. You could argue that they @MONTH1 are learning new things or broadening their horizons. However, none or which ones can help these individuals gain or maintain health and shape. Playing on the computer is not good for the body. Click on the next link and you'll see a beautiful hummingbird flock across your desktop screen. You can clearly see the wonder of it, but can you feel it? Can you smell the fresh air it's flying around? A computer can only show you nature, but you have to log out and find it yourself to really experience it for yourself. Society only deceives itself by watching the world in its splendor on the screen. Computer geeks will argue that they help you interact with people all over the world, but what about the person in the next room? Computer @MONTH1 takes you around the world, but you keep your distance from people at work, school or at home. As humans, they need contact with the outside world. Why limit yourself to typing when they can talk to them? In conclusion, widespread use of computers is not good for society. People will spend less time staying active. Also, people will enjoy nature at the table rather than in person. Finally, society doesn't spend much time with family and friends face-to-face. It's time to take a stand. It should be clear that computers are a danger to society.
I think advances in computer technology are great and more beneficial than bad. Say you're having a hard time at school and need serious help, you can turn to the computer, say you have a dear friend who moved to Florida a week ago, and you can use the computer to contact them. Finally, if you want to understand the world, great! Googling the place to know. These are just a few reasons why computers are useful and not bad! School is one of the least favorite activities for many students, but you can use the internet to help you, @CAPS1! Say you're geometric and it's kicking your ass, go to the @PERSON1 academy for an informative video. Maybe you're a 3rd grade teacher and little kids drive you crazy, go to @LOCATION1, and educational and fun sites. Maybe you just want to relax and study, plug in your headphones and listen to math help. These are just a few of the ways the internet helps schools. If it's a real rainy day and you're tired and trying to get to far places in the mind of a logical person, the internet will come to their mind. Think of a computer as a large, easily accessible library, type something into a search engine and it pops up. What if you are in Germany and hungry, oh no! Everything is in @CAPS2! Open your laptop for easy translation. All of this supports the Internet making it easy to learn about foreign places. Finally, via the Internet, communication is really easy because there is email, Skype, chat rooms, etc. The middle name of the internet is communication. What if your phone is gone and there is an emergency, you can get an email! What if a thief cuts the phone line and sneaks you an email @NUM1. Finally, use the internet to call @PERSON2 and tell him "don't forget Red Bull" as he leaves. These are some of the reasons why the Internet is good for communication. Let's review this paper. The Internet is great for communication. It also helps to know far away places. Finally help with school. This is why I think the internet is valuable in this day and age.
It works fine for me on my computer. I'm going to talk about helping humanity through a technical computer. How people learn about faraway places. Help them go to school and pay taxes. How to communicate with people who don't like you. and my conclusions for all three reasons. The computer affects me very well. Because they help people understand distant places. Suppose a family is planning to work at @LOCATION1. They don't know anything about it, so they run on the computer and they can book the reserucition for the hotel. My second take on computers is. You have a school project and you need the right information. That's not done on a computer on a book. Say you have to pay your taxes online because you are disabled (@CAPS1) so you probably want @NUM1 www. turbotax.com. You put your taxes before your eyes. My take on computers is. @NUM2 You have a lost friend or family member. Go to the computer to find them and then you can plan the day if you can catch up with the /@CAPS2 and @CAPS3 guardians with questions about the kids. They can face a situation with three children. Finally my final conclusion. This is how I feel about computers. We need them to communicate with other people. Do homework for work or school. Or learn about places you've never been to before or want to go on vacation. I feel this way because I am passionate about computers. I hope you like what I write. I hope I can convince you to prefer computers.
Dear newspaper, have you ever grabbed a nice cold cake sitting at your computer desk? I @CAPS1 I have computers that do benefit society. One way that computers benefit society is that it doesn't keep people standing in bookstores or libraries over and over again. Another way in which computers benefit society is by allowing people to chat with people all over the world. The final way computers can benefit society is by teaching people hand-eye coordination. If you've ever been to a bookstore or library, how hard is it for @CAPS1 to find the book you're looking for. Instead of spending hours on your feet @CAPS2, sit at your computer for ten minutes or less. On a computer, you can get any information about anything, anywhere or about anything. A book about @LOCATION1! Going to the library Some experts say it helps people do a lot of tests, and people who use a computer have better hand-eye coordination than people who don't use a computer. A health magazine that people who don't use a computer don't like much. Ability to @CAPS2 a skill that can help your skill. As you can see, computers are good for society by helping people with hand-eye coordination.
First, there is an increase in the ability to learn from it. @CAPS1 The source code is very helpful to many people. Communication is much easier than making a phone call. I believe that computers benefit society in many different ways. First, children and people at home and at school use computers to learn. At certain grades in school, there is a special typing program that can help improve typing skills. You can also use hard drive discs to help you improve your reading skills. It's just one way to make learning fun for younger kids. Another great way to study online is to visit a website with example math problems and print out the table to practice. They are a great way to help with learning. Second, computers have more ways to benefit someone. They help to understand the local weather. During winter, you can see if your school has been cancelled in seconds. I often get projects that require me to do research on a specific topic, and it's very easy to find simple information. The computer also has different links for writing papers, making Power Point presentations and Excel spreadsheets. All of these resources can help map out science class results and even enter papers for @CAPS2. They are useful ways to make life easier. Finally, computers tend to make communication a little easier. For me, when I'm sick from school, I like to email my teachers and even ask if I can use facebook, Aim, myspace, and skype to make up any work, it's a fun and quick way to communicate with friends The way. All sites do pretty much the same thing, but different people like different sites where their friends are, and you can email friends and family who live far away or even close. It's a way of going back and forth with each other. In conclusion, you've heard different ideas, and I think computers are a benefit. It helps to learn, communicate, and most importantly, do the important things we need.
I believe that computers have a positive impact on people. I think these three reasons, because computers enhance our hand-eye coordination, they allow us to research and find information about a topic. They also allow us to communicate with people we don't see often. In fact, computers enhance our hand-eye coordination. The use of a screen and a keyboard allows us to only look at the screen when typing on the keyboard. Hand-eye coordination is an important skill when exercising through sports or exercise, it is also important and very beneficial to our body. If you're trying to apply for a job, say, the office, and you start stumbling and acting clumsy, you @MONTH1 will be viewed differently if you're organized and know what you're doing. This is why hand-eye coordination is important to people. Computers also have an amazing ability to search the World Wide Web. This enables us to do millions of searches on any given topic. For example, in fifth grade, I did a research project on @LOCATION2. Without all the useful information I found on my computer. I will never be able to learn everything I do. As most of the world already know, there has been a devastating earthquake in the small country of @LOCATION4. Computers are one of the ways to help spread the word and get everyone to start helping and delivering supplies and food to victims. Also, if a family is thinking of going somewhere for vacation, they can handle most of the help on the computer. They can buy plane tickets, book a room at a hotel, and even rent a car when they land. This is what my family did when we went on vacation to @LOCATION1, all thanks to computers and being able to do everything online. This is how computers can help you research any subject. Finally, you can use your computer to communicate with people who live far away but you rarely see. For example, my grandparents live at @LOCATION3, so I use video chat to talk to them because I only get a chance to see them every two or three years. Also, when my dad travels to other states or even abroad, we use instant messaging or video chat to keep in touch. Lastly, if you have friends or family currently fighting for America at @LOCATION5, you can also connect with them via video chat. So these are the reasons why I believe that computers have a positive impact on people. They help with hand-eye coordination, allow us to research and find information on any subject via the internet, and finally, allow us to communicate with people we don't see often. These are my reasons, and I hope you agree with me that computers have a positive impact on people today.
People shouldn't use the computer too much because you need to exercise to stay healthy. If you play games on it all day, you won't learn anything. Your brain will focus on the computer instead of the school. If you keep doing this, you'll be a boring kid or adult. It would be sad if you gave up your life just because of one computer. Not understanding the impact of technology on people's use of computers is that some people think technology is stupid because you have a brain, not if you're smart, the computer stores information in your brain. Some people are poor and have never had a computer or have never heard of technology and country, some of them don't even have technology or electronics because they can't afford a computer. The effect of their lack of technology is that they can find the location, and without a cell phone, you can call your friends online to listen to music, play games and chat with friends and family. Play games with each other. and watching movies. Another effect is to understand the computer and how to use it first step to turn it on. It's a bit difficult to click on intert explorer and search on the website to keep using the keyboard and type it quickly. The last effect is talking to people you don't know online. You are playing a game with a different player and you can chat with that person. Conulison This is why I agree that the effects of a computer are positive for a lot of people. That's why I agree with the effect of the computer.
Personally I think computers have a good influence on people. This is one of the greatest inventions. Using a computer, you can listen to music or watch @CAPS1, research things for your project, or just have fun. Computers help people create, listen, watch and make music and @CAPS1. When you have a computer, you can create music influenced by other musicians. Where do you need to go to eat that kind of music? Go into the computer to add beats and different vocals. You can watch @CAPS1 there too! Not exactly @CAPS1, but any show you want to watch. Some even make movies on special shows. But that's not all. Many questions can be answered on a computer through research. Treatments for different diseases such as cancer can be found. Even small research projects like "who founded @CAPS2" can be easily found with a quick Google search. Yes, we can be lazy, but it will make people's lives easier. For example, instead of reading dozens of books, you can simply search the internet for answers. Can you even take classes online unimpressed? Another huge influence people have on computers is socializing and entertainment. Socializing via computer @MONTH1 is not as effective as face-to-face socializing, but it makes people quieter. Like me, the opportunity to speak their minds. Plus, there won't be any awkward moments of silence like you usually do on the phone. Oh, did I mention Facebook. About how I love Facebook. I can keep in touch with family and friends I no longer see. I used to have a very good friend, but after we transferred schools, I never heard from her again. until I found her on Facebook. like many others. For young people, they get tired of billions of online games. How can you go wrong? In my opinion, computers have a positive effect on people. But what do you think. Can a large negative impact weigh a ton of positives? I don't think so.
Dear local paper @CAPS1: @CAPS2 Do you believe what the so-called experts say about the computer crap? Of course I hope you don't! They say computers are a health risk because for a lot of people, they're using them instead of exercising, and users should know when to stop if you ask me to take a risk. And, when interacting with family members, parents should set limits. Computers are also very handy if you need information on a topic immediately. So far, I don't think computers are the best fit for this evolution. Exercise is something a person should have ambition to do. @MONTH1 People don't have this, they spend their day on the computer. They claim it's not their fault. The computer is yours to play with. I just read last week that someone told the media it wasn't her fault that they were overweight. That is! So there was only one person who came home full. Because there is no player. As our family interactions go on, parents can control their kids, and if they do, their kids don't spend enough time. The operator should have the willpower to know when enough is enough, and to formulate and set limits! If we didn't have a computer at home, it would be one. Children rely on computers for fast, accurate information. No parents should have their children in and out of the library, as well as time. And don't forget the internet so easily. So in conclusion, computers are the way to go, they are not cause or luck to make mistakes. It's not a family of computer failures. And they're so convenient, obviously having a computer is a good thing! I really hope that through this letter you agree with me.
Dear local paper, I have some arguments to tell you that computers are not all bad. You can use them to get project information, chat with friends, or learn about things you've never known before. My first argument is that most people use the computers out there to get information on the projects they have to do for the class. For example, they might need information for countries like @LOCATION2, @LOCATION3, @LOCATION1, etc. You can obtain this information in several ways. So where can you get all this information if you don't have a computer. If you get it from it, it probably doesn't have what you're looking for for your project. If there is a computer, the scope of knowledge here is even greater. My second example is that you can talk to friends you haven't seen or talked to in a long time. There are many ways to do this on @CAPS1, @CAPS2, twitter, yahoo. You can always, because it's always better to make new friends. Better for family. I know it's much better to talk to family because they already know you. In the end, preferably something you didn't know before or you've always wanted to know. But you can always go to Google, ask or Wikipedia. They can all help you what you've been looking for. But that doesn't mean you can't find it in the book either. They are full of answers and ideas that can help you. My conclusion is that you can always find a way to get the answers you need. But that also doesn't mean you should be sitting at your computer when you can go out or play with our friends. There is nothing better than spending time outside. So make better use of your computer time. Then get out and enjoy the outdoors.
Dear local paper, I am writing to tell you that people on computers are not a bad thing. Would you like to be a bord? Or get into tained while studying? Using a computer helps with hand-eye coordination, you can learn about amazing places and even talk to friends. Hand-eye coordination is good because it's good. Saved millions in war, for example, my grandfather went into @ORGANIZATION1, @NUM1 people shot him, but he had good computer hand-eye coordination, it saved his life, less people were injured, just Like your hand on the car door. There is more work to be done. The more you learn something as important as hand-eye coordination! On the Internet, you can learn about anything. If you know far away, you will be able to expand your conversation, people will think you are smarter, you will feel good, not just what other people think you have sinned, really smarter. The most important thing is that you can chat with friends! If you bring your friends it builds your ego and you socialize when you go to school Do you know @PERCENT1 people who do better in school if they communicate online? Don't you want to be proud of yourself every day? Chatting online helps! That's why I am writing to you to share all my thoughts and concerns. I hope you consider them and share them with the rest of the world.
Imagine our beautiful town full of unhealthy, lazy, non-interactive and addicted people. The question to be addressed is whether locals should spend more time on the computer, I believe @PERCENT1 we shouldn't be spending all of our time on the computer. It will ruin your eyesight, you will not be able to enjoy nature when interacting with people, and most importantly it will make you very unhealthy. Can you imagine the @CAPS1 people in your town blind wearing glasses and even going to @CAPS1 @DATE1? Just ask the eyes @PERSON1," @CAPS1 I'm getting more and more eye doctor visits a year. You might say it's good for me, but not good for you. When you're always on the computer, it will Erosion of your eyes - vision over time." @CAPS2, a lot of people are wearing glasses now more than ever. @DATE1 @DATE1 In the local paper they have a graph showing how many people have lost their eyesight from computers over the years. It's almost up @PERCENT2 from the year @DATE1 and @PERCENT3 from the year before. Almost everyone who owns a computer and is addicted to it wears glasses. Have you been looking outside recently? Did you notice that @DATE2 is almost here and there are leaves on the tree now? If you're one of those people glued to your computer monitor, then I doubt you are. Computers and technology have ruined your time with your family. Many jobs on computers are not @NUM1 jobs. During that time, you might spend time having fun with your precious little girl or even your best friend in nature. @DATE1 I want to play catch with my dad but do what he does on his old computer. I didn't want to play alone, so I just stayed inside and played on the computer for a day. Do you want this to happen to the @CAPS1 people, I don't every day. Yes, people would rather be a couch potato, chat online, and eat a million junk food potato chip bugs than hang out, but it's important that you do it now. Just imagine being lazy, fat. People sit on sofas all day, staring at monitors for hours with blood in their eyes. But why are you asking more than you @MONTH1, that's because they're never out there. They never go for a jog or eat healthy food. This is very unhealthy and increases your chances of developing different cancers. Just ask @PERSON2 at the hospital, "@DATE1 a man was rushed to hospital for a very common cancer due to an unhealthy life, he died @NUM2 days later. Very sad." I'm a firm believer in prolonged computer time is a very bad idea. It will ruin your vision and you will never be able to see nature and interaction. But most importantly, it's very unhealthy. Now or never, you never know if you can be that person in the hospital with cancer. The question that needs to be addressed is should you take risks or stay healthy, fit and happy? So enjoy yourself, eat healthy snacks, and limit your time on the computer.
More and more people are using computers, they like computers for far away places or news. Computers are good for everyone in this world. Know that you can live without a computer. And some people don't like computers. I know some family members or friends are using computers they write each other, like in myspace you can have friends from all over the world or family. But computers spend a lot of time on their computer.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 I have some thoughts on how technology is developing these days, the idea of how many people shy away from further development for understandable reasons as it keeps people away from home and takes the attention away from other people Shift away. I do get their point, but I want to make one myself. While the stats show less entertainment @PERCENT1 people are also finding more things to do and now that the world is more environmentally conscious you might see people going out again because they hear about some new environmental activist groups Join or watch a movie that makes fun of live-action cosplay and decides to give it a shot. My point is that you never know what you'll find out in the media, which is better than sitting outside all day lifelessly waiting for your parents to come home and feed you information from your little world. Another project I want to mention is the music industry and how it's revolutionized with more advanced and different ways of listening to fame! Do nothing, just sit and lip sync. But technology at the time allowed us to listen to music in what is now the golden age of music. So why not advance and invest in the music industry that will provide entertainment and fun for years to come. Advanced technology is the music industry and may actually be good for the economy right now but it won't be better @CAPS4. This also applies to phones and any other frequently upgraded hardware, which is good for businesses. You see, I believe the meaning of life is to be happy, so what could be better than settling down on a date, candlelight, romance or a thriller with mabey on @CAPS4.V. Television has evolved in many good ways and it is a A way to relax and unwind, learn about many different things, maybe watching a show on @LOCATION1 makes you feel like you're there, but it's not really there. I help us stay up to date on current events, show what we want to do and show us how to do it. For example, I learned a lot from it.
Dear @CAPS1-republican, @CAPS2 benefits society in positive ways, but they also have negative impacts. Computers allow people to chat/voice/video chat with family members in other countries over the phone, which would be very expensive or impossible. They also provide a learning experience with many resources at your fingertips. One positive effect of computers is that they allow you to connect with people all over the world. Programs like Skype allow you to video/voice/chat with people all over the world for free. Doing such a call would be very expensive. It gives you the chance to meet family members you rarely see. Another positive aspect of using a computer is the resources and information it provides you. The Internet holds almost every possible information. To do a research paper go to Wikipedia and you will find information on the topic. The internet can prove helpful. @CAPS2 gives you a lot of good mind/puzzle games that you can't normally do. There is a lot of good stuff online. Many things help keep your mind flowing. Can't afford a newspaper? Read articles and stories on the Internet. The last reason I believe @CAPS2 has had a positive impact on people is that it replaced it. A lot of people don't go to @CAPS3, they go to @CAPS2. No matter what you're doing, you're usually doing more with @CAPS2 than @ORGANIZATION1. That's why I think computers have a positive impact on people. Computers are definitely our future. You can play games, voice/video chat, and even read newspapers.
Dear @CAPS1, I recently found out that you are discussing the impact of computers on people. In my opinion, I think their effect on people is neutral. In this day and age, computers are used for many things. Research, dissemination behavior. Maybe the reason young people spend so much time on the computer is because they have a lot of homework on the computer, "@CAPS2 this", "@CAPS2 that", people don't like going through we have to go on the computer. For adults, When you work with big companies, you work with people all over the world. Instead of fixing all of these meetings, you can simply do all of them through your webcam. Yes, I see you worry about people spending too much time on the computer, but what about people who like to read or play music, they might spend hours practicing or reading. What's the difference? And you never know, computing a computer for one person is like a sport for another. Computoras are almost everywhere, whether it's in houses, schools, or even crime and medical labs. Primary source for calculations or databases, @CAPS4, criminal records, etc. Without computers, how can you catch bad guys or catch cancer before it's too late. Computation is the key to many things. Finally, you can discuss the pros and cons of computers all day long. But it's so critical today in major ways that the pros and cons are weighed against each other.
Dear @PERSON2, have you noticed how different our society is today than it was ten years ago? That's because of the computer. Yes, computers do give us advantages like information and information, but they also rob us of some of the more important aspects of life: staying healthy, enjoying nature, and spending time with family and friends. Without these, life would be very unhelpful. While surfing @MONTH1 is fun, it turns out to be unhealthy. â€œIf a person spends more than two and a half hours on the computer per @TIME1 for about a month, they will see a sudden increase in their earnings. If they maintain this behavior, they may earn up to a third One gain in initial weight before medical help," said @PERSON3, obesity expert at @ORGANIZATION1. Also, all computer users at @PERCENT1 snack while surfing the internet, which only adds to the weight. Unfortunately, those who spend a lot of time on the computer are usually not suitable for exercise either. Instead of spending half an hour playing with the dog, jogging or trying some cardio, computer geeks usually just stay in front of the screen. That's too bad because it can cause health problems for them and even their offspring. Naturally, it's easier than ever to overlook @CAPS1. @PERSON1 can recall the times when the trail @CAPS2 ran was packed. "@CAPS1" @CAPS2 said "they are overwhelmed by the woods and it's hard to get rid of these people." But it's alive, trails and fuller nature lovers are numbers. Thanks to today's new technologies, especially computers, the beauty of nature is almost completely ignored. Some people worry about whether it's going to go away entirely, and instead of trying to maintain what's left, let it do so. Hopefully, though, the next generation will rediscover this horrific mistake. Doctors, @CAPS3, all are seeing more and more how computers affect family life. How often do you have dinner with the whole family. Where are you most of the time when you're not doing this? On the computer? I think so. When computers and other technologies are available, your chances of actually interacting with family and friends are greatly reduced. @LOCATION1's @NUM1 grade teacher Mrs @PERSON4 noticed that her family is spending less time together than ever when every family member has a laptop. @CAPS2 thinks it separates her family. you? As you can conclude, computers have had a dire impact on society: people don't take their time, stay healthy, nature is completely ignored, and family interactions are low. What can we do to fix this problem? Just set aside a little time each day to observe these aspects of your life. In this way, the life of the computer will be beneficial.
I don't believe that computers are good for society. Kids can learn more, but they spend too much time online. When kids talk to people online, they don't know if it's really someone you know. They have technical issues that make the files disjointed. For these reasons, this is why computers cannot benefit society. Children spend too much time on the computer. Computers do teach you more, but they also have games. Children spend most of their time playing rather than studying. When out of motion, children become aggressive. This is what happened today. Children are losing movement and getting heavier. They may lose interest. All they want to do is go to the computer. Children talk to people, how do they know who they really are? People can make fake email addresses and fake accounts on @CAPS1 or @CAPS2-space. These people want children's personal information. Also, if you are talking to someone with the name of someone you know. This person may just be a friend. like me. I was talking to my @CAPS2 cousin on @CAPS1 (the account says his name) but that's his wife. That's why you need to be careful about what you say and who you're really talking to. The computer has a virus. When a computer is infected with a virus, they can delete the files you want to save. If you have a video about the news, you want to keep it. You put it in your favorite place and they'll get a virus that deletes the file. How the video got off the field. Sometimes your computer doesn't take you to weddings anymore. How you have to click a lot to get there. Because these reasons are the reasons why computers are not good for society. Children spend a lot of time on the computer. Children can talk to people they don't know. The computer has a technical problem with deleting files. Remember, there are many more reasons why computers are not useful to society.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 brought to my attention that those who support technological progress believe that computers have a positive impact on people, while others disagree with this comment. In my opinion, I believe that computers are affecting some people today and that people spend a lot of time on computers. More and more time spent on the computer! Many people just sit at home and play games on their computers. While computers can be a great way to pay bills and connect with other people from afar, people are taking advantage of computers and even charging other people online. Since you're not in front of people or near your computer, many people can say threatening things without anyone else knowing that could lead to a fight or other scary things. Computers can also be very dangerous in many ways. For example, sites like myspace and twitter can be dangerous to teens because of rape. Some random people start talking to you and ask you to meet them in a potentially dangerous place. Computers are also dangerous because you may post inappropriate images on your website without even knowing it @CAPS1! The last reason computers and laptops affect humans is hacking. This is a big deal, especially if you have a webcam. Some people know how to support your webcam and can watch what you do without your knowledge. People can also hack into your computer and view all your documents. I think computers have a huge impact on people today, and that impact should be addressed!
Dear newspaper, I believe that computers have both positive and @CAPS12 effects on people. However, I believe there are more positive impacts than @CAPS12. Some of the positives are that they are critical to education, a very useful place to communicate, and they are fun. The number one reason I support computers is that they are very educational. For example, you can research almost anything. If you are doing your homework and forgot your answer. Another reason @CAPS1 is educational is that you can type your paper on @CAPS1 so your teacher can actually read your handwriting. If @CAPS1 is messy. On this issue, you can work from home if you are sick or on vacation. But how do you tell your boss about @CAPS1? Email of course! This brings me to my next topic; @CAPS2. Another great thing about computers is @CAPS2. There are so many different ways to communicate; @CAPS1 incredible. Take me @CAPS4 for example. You can @CAPS5 to people's phones. You can @CAPS5 to other @CAPS7 people, or you can just @CAPS5 on some sites like @CAPS9, @CAPS10, etc. You can also video chat with others about things like @ORGANIZATION1. These are just a few ways of communicating on a computer. Finally, I want to tell you the fun things you can do on your computer. First, you can buy games from the store and download them to your computer. Personally, simulation is my favorite. I know computer games can be negative because they are addictive, but if you don't play for hours then I don't see where the problem is. Also, they have educational games, so learning is fun and educational. Another thing you can do is play free games or download games from the internet and run them on your computer so they are quick and easy. Computers can be both @CAPS12 and positive for @CAPS11, but I choose to look at things in a positive light, and I think you should too. After all, computers can be educational, social networking and fun. Son @CAPS13 my positive eyes...you won't regret it.
Dear local papers on the subject of computers; their pros and cons, I have to say both provide really important reasons why you should and shouldn't use computers, I think computers are very important to a lot of students like me. First of all, the computer helped me and my classmates to complete a lot of tasks. Some of us simply don't have time to go to the library to find a book that might even contain the information we need. On the Internet, you can find the same amount or more valuable information! It also helps develop your hand-eye coordination, some people say "you can also learn hand-eye coordination outside? While that's true, typing is fat and neat. You can see my handwriting is not the best Yes, but I type very fast and rarely make mistakes, so I don't need the neatest handwriting. In my opinion, a computer is the fastest way to do a lot of things. So if you take the time to write neatly, you can even go outside Go to nature. My dad is an environmentalist and he uses a computer. Sometimes the easy way isn't always the best way, that's why we have to keep a balance. Don't let people stop using computers, but balance them with The time they spend together. It's all good if it's balanced. For example, coffee, in large quantities it's pretty unhealthy, but when you need a small amount, you turn to coffee and it helps, and so does the computer. Also , now that computers are being made everywhere, trying to get rid of them is simply unreasonable. We're already in a recession and don't need more trouble. I prefer talking to my friends face to face, but if you can't do that, computers are a perfect choice .so you see that commuters help with balance is the answer!
Do you want to discover new things and explore amazing mysteries around the world? Do you like to make friends overseas? Do you want to relax and do something fun after @ORGANIZATION1? Today's advanced technology allows you to do almost anything that was considered impossible @DATE1 decades @DATE1. We need to decide whether the impact of computers on people is positive or negative. I firmly believe that computers bring many benefits and opportunities to society. Who would disagree with computers being used for educational purposes? Computer experts have invented countless programs to make @ORGANIZATION1 easier for kids. For example, @CAPS1 can help you write papers and reports. With her program, teachers won't hurt their eyes trying to read students' sloppy handwritten essays @ORGANIZATION2 helps you organize and count, @ORGANIZATION3 gives you @ORGANIZATION3 to create dynamic presentations. Many schools have a computer lab for students to complete @ORGANIZATION1 assignments. @ORGANIZATION1 also purchased a convenient sized laptop to help students complete projects and take exams. This saves a lot of paper and trees! Additionally, many universities offer courses online. You can earn a college degree at home without having to go anywhere. Education has never been easier thanks to our advanced networks and computers. It is important to mention the recreational advantages of computers. I noticed a lot of teens playing cool games online. They seem to be enjoying the opportunity very much. It's an ideal way to unwind after listening to the latest song on a stressful computer. After some sites download songs for free, you don't need to worry about the financial part. Also, you can watch movies online anytime, forming extensive sections such as horror, romance, comedy, fantasy and even children's movies. No more movie tickets, no more driving in theaters. There is no doubt that computers can impress everyone with their entertainment advantages. Many people think that computers, whether children or adults, always come from their social lives, but in fact, computers give them the opportunity to communicate with other people around the world. Ten @DATE1 @DATE1, who would have thought they could chat and talk directly to the same person for a thousand miles @DATE1, no mail or phone call or what? I came to @LOCATION1 @DATE1. I am very grateful for computers because I can keep in touch with my friends and relatives. I can send them pictures of the snowy winter landscape here in just a minute. How easy can it be? Computers will definitely improve communication and bring people closer together. Let's not wait any longer. Computers have endless positive effects and should be popularized. They can help you have fun learning and communicate with people from afar. In addition to all these new technologies, making the planet greener by saving paper and trees. Don't sit here waiting to educate people about the benefits of computers today.
Dear @CAPS1: @CAPS2. Can you believe that this tiny technology is affecting our daily lives? The question many people have is, are computers having a positive or negative impact on people? In my opinion, while a computer helps some everyday life, I think it can have a negative impact. I have many reasons to support this belief, but three of the most important reasons will be stated. First, people are busy and they spend less time on their computers. People are also busy with computers there, and they spend less and less time enjoying nature. Last but not least, people are so fascinated by technology that they hardly have time to spend with friends and family. So, in my opinion, I think people deserve access to technology and the real world. Have you ever walked down the street and saw a man the size of a boulder? Well, that's not a good sight, is it? I mean, this can happen to you, let me change it for everyone in the world. Today, people are spending less and less time exercising and instead sitting in front of their computer at home, or lounging on the sofa with a laptop. People neglect their health and stay on the computer instead. As a person, I know how hard it is to resist playing a computer, but you shouldn't let a little @CAPS2 take over your mind and present future. nature. The most beautiful thing in the world I say technology is the second most beautiful. Have you ever turned on the TV and saw the beauty of nature? Well, you can thank global warming for that. When people use computers, the fuel they burn damages our environment. People are technologies they don't care about themselves and their surroundings. If I were one, I'd say, "@CAPS3 Fewer computers and @CAPS3 is greener!" @CAPS4.....Having a home is a luxury. Family and friends, this is the most important thing. For computers, many people are friends and relatives. Example: @CAPS5: @CAPS6 Want to go cycling? John: @CAPS7. I want to play with my computer. Both children and adults are one-handed. The most important thing in my opnion family is that unlike a piece of metal with a screen all in all, I think computers have a regular influence on people and life depends on it. People spend less time on health and on technological advancements. They all spend less time in the big park, or just enjoy the beauty of nature. Most importantly, there is less interaction with friends and family. However, this is just my opinion, if you disagree, it doesn't make any sense. I consider.
Dear editor, I think having a computer at home is a good thing. They are very helpful and fun. For example, they make it easier for @CAPS1 to keep in touch with friends and family from afar, they can help you learn things or keep up with important news, and they're great fun for people of all ages. That's why a computer is one of the most valuable things in your home. One of the many things a computer can help you do is stay in touch with the family of friends who live far away. Computers serve this purpose because someone can use facebook, twitter or skype while they are using it. "I love facebook because I can keep in touch with my family at @LOCATION1," @PERSON2 said. In addition, the researchers said people with Facebook, Skype or Twitter accounts were closer to their families than those without accounts. Computers can also be used for educational purposes. Many people like to use educational computer games to prepare their elementary students for school. "@CAPS1 was fun and got my son ready!" said one local mother, talking about computer games. Research shows that computer games @PERCENT1 help children prepare for school better than textbooks and worksheets. One of the reasons why everyone likes to keep a computer at home is for entertainment. On a computer, anyone can play poker, chess, pinball, or gaming sites like addictinggames.com, visit youtube.com to watch videos, and more. "I love spending some free time at addictinggames.com," said @PERSON1. Also, after conducting the polls. I find that kids and teens at @PERCENT2 prefer online games to board games. As you can see, there are many reasons why having a computer at home is important. There are many more than what I have listed. However, I think it's mostly about keeping in touch with friends and family, using the computer for educational purposes and entertainment purposes. I'm so grateful for the computer at home because I use @CAPS1 every day for these purposes, as do the rest of my family. A computer is one of the most important things in an ordinary home.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1's position on the question of computer opposition is that computers are very good and very important in everyday life today. Computers are a great way to communicate, they are the primary source of information for most people, and businesses use computers for a variety of important tasks. Computers are a great way to communicate. You can @CAPS2 with your friends, email your peers, and now you can visit sites where you can talk to your friends or strangers. As a human, I sometimes forget @CAPS1 homework or school work. In that case, I'll go ahead and use the @CAPS1 computer and @CAPS2 a friend to ask them to assign tasks. It's quick, easy and effective. There are also websites where you can talk and connect with other people who share your interests. This is a great way to make friends online. Computers not only allow you to speak, but also allow you to connect with people wherever you are. Do you have a question that you want or want right away? Just go to "google" or "@CAPS4", enter your question and receive it instantly. @PERSON1 Has a research paper due? You can do all your research online. There are thousands of websites loaded with information that can be anything. You can type your topic into a search engine and find hundreds of sources this way. You can easily refine information on any subject you want, or use your computer to find the name of that song you just heard. Computers are also used in business environments. Computers are used to send messages to different people. They are also used to create and present presentations for marketing campaigns and product ideas, many companies also use the internet as a source of advertising and need publicity to sell their products. Therefore, the computer also needs to run. So, in conclusion, computers aren't overused, they're just used for so many things that at some point everyone will want one. They are a great means of communication, an important and primary source of information, and they are also used in business settings.
I think computers have a positive effect on people because you can communicate with different places around the world. Store things on it and use them for entertainment. Computers have positive effects because you can communicate with other people all over the world. This is great because you can talk to them for free on your computer instead of calling someone. Long distance calls are expensive. However, if you can talk to them directly on your computer, there will be no charge. Being able to talk to other people over the internet is very useful and fun. Without computers, people would talk to as many people as possible, and the social life would be terrible there, making life there a lot less exciting. This is one of the reasons why I think computers have a positive effect on people. Another reason why computers have a positive impact on people is in the way if you have a lot of paperwork. Well, if you have a computer, you can store things and be more organized. Being more organized, you start to feel better about losing things and being able to find them. That's why I think computers are awesome and useful. The last reason I think computers have a positive effect on people is that people can use it for entertainment. Computers can do many things, like play games, listen to music, watch videos and chat with friends. It's great to be able to play games for free on your computer. If you can't afford a gaming system, you can play pretty much any game you want or close to what you want on your computer. Computers can also play music. You can own @CAPS1 and download the music somewhere or visit a website that contains the music. You can also video chat with your friends if they live far away. I hope I've convinced you to prefer computers and think they're great and have a positive impact on people. Being able to play games, store things, and chat with other people is amazing.
Dear newspaper editor, @CAPS1 Do you have a computer? @CAPS1 Your kids spend all their time talking to people or on Facebook or myspace? Well, it was fun, and it was only a few hours, but some people spent a lot of time there. They don't go out to exercise or interact with family and friends. They @MONTH1 end up in trouble at school or at home too. If you spend all your time on the computer doing whatever you're doing, you won't have time to go out and exercise. Not only will it be attractive, but it can be dangerous to your health after a while. All of your time is sucked into the computer, and when you're on it, you feel like you haven't turned on the computer for a long time, and it ends up being like hours. It even happens to adults, my mom was on the computer for about an hour and she felt like it was only a few minutes. When you're at your computer for hours, you tend to get addicted to it without interacting with anyone. I came to this conclusion from experience. A few months ago, I spent about a full month coming home from school and spending a few hours on the computer. It's had a huge impact on my life, I don't go out on weekends with my friends anymore, I always want to stay at home when my family isn't out. Then my mom confronted me about it, and I realized that all the time I was on the computer wasn't good. I am missing a lot of things. If the kids @MONTH1 use the computer for a long time, they also go to home or school, they @MONTH1 not @CAPS1 their homework and end up failing their homework, then stay. Statistics show that @PERCENT1's kids who spend long hours in front of a computer either fail classes or stay on the shelf. They @MONTH1 also have trouble at home because they don't @CAPS1 do chores because they are busy with the computer and neither kids nor kids like to fight each other. Now I know it's good to have computers to some extent and be able to use them so we can look up information and sometimes talk to people on the computer for a while but be on the computer for a while but be on the computer a lot It really messes up you and your social life for a long time. So what I'm trying to prove is that the computer is an amazing invention, but we should use it less, go out and exercise, play with our family and friends, @CAPS1 is great at school and at home, so we @CAPS1 get to spend some time on the computer. I hope you see my way now.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I am writing to you about how technology affects people. My thesis is that some people think that computers take up a lot of people's time, and I'll show you how technology prevents people from exercising and gaining life experience. Now I will explain in more detail. The number one reason I say computers affect people is that they can't get exercise when their face is glued to a computer screen all day. Especially as kids play video games or computers more, childhood obesity rates can creep up because they don't get exercise, or they become very frail. This is why computers negatively affect people by not letting them get the exercises they need. The second reason I say computers have a negative impact on people is that they can't gain life experience I say this because when someone asks you "@CAPS3, what did you do today?" your only answer is probably "@CAPS4, we Can you change the question to what I didn't do today?" @CAPS5 You won't be able to explore and observe nature very well when you're on the computer all day, maybe you can do that on a @CAPS6 server, but it Different. Even when your parents ask you if you want to go for a walk, you should go for a walk, you can learn something or see something you don't see every day. That's why when a person's face is glued to the computer, the computer can negatively affect the person. So now that I'm closing this letter, I want you to see that exercising and gaining life experience will change your life forever.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3: @CAPS4 People are skeptical that computers are good for people. I am a firm believer that computers really do benefit humanity because it allows people to talk to relatives and friends around the world online and learn about those unfamiliar places. Computers don't take life, but display it through fascinating composites. Computers allow people of all ages to interact with others through the World Wide Web. Sometimes it's best to meet people in person, but that's not always the case. @CAPS5 Do you have relatives or friends in different countries? The internet is the best way to connect with these people. Also, @CAPS5 You're in a band or group and need to connect with them when you're out of town? Social networking sites like facebook or myspace allow group members to chat and discuss issues in hotels or wherever @MONTH1 is. In addition to these two reasons, a student can also get lost assignments from his family and email the teacher. This enables the student to get his class and catch up on anything he or she misses. @DATE1 The technological breakthrough known as the computer allows interacting with other people and learning about far-flung lands. @CAPS4 People, myself included, want to incorporate some culture into their lives and wander around this active planet we call Earth and find out what's out there, but can't achieve the above. Computers save us time and money doing these things. All we have to do is open a search bar, type a word, and bang, we're looking at fields for @LOCATION2, @LOCATION3, and even @LOCATION1. Anywhere you want is by your side. In addition to that, new tourist attractions have come into being at @CAPS5, be it amusement parks, monuments or historical sites, the internet can show us this. We can see what we would see when we saw @CAPS5 live, but on a monitor in your home. Computers allow you to do @CAPS4 things without actually encountering them. In conclusion, computers are helpful because they allow us to do things that we cannot do in certain situations, such as talking to people over the internet or learning about foreign countries. Not everyone can do these things, but everyone with a computer can.
Imagine how people feel when there isn't any great technology. What if you haven't seen your best friend in years and you live far away? Well, now it's such an advanced machine called a computer. It's great, and it's a great hands-on activity to help you improve your eyesight. However, @CAPS1 will tell you something about this device, which now affects human daily life. Also, the categories have great relationships, online courses, and are on the best local sites. Did you know that @PERCENT1 in @CAPS2 lives a successful life with online dating? There are many people who struggle with relationships. For example, one day my parents had a series of arguments. She felt that the relationship was not good enough and she needed to meet a better man. On the other hand, she decides to live a better life and find a date (through a computer) and live a new life. These are some great things you can do on your computer to build better relationships. You are a high school dropout because you can't keep up with the class. You don't turn in assignments and fail every test. Also, you feel like there is nothing you can do. Well, not so fast, my son! Now you can take online classes to improve your grades and make you feel comfortable. Imagine sitting in front of a computer, completing every homework assignment and doing every homework assignment. Watch your teacher teach you via webcam. There's nothing better than the fact that you'll receive your assignments faxed to you. There are people in this world who live this life, and it could be you. There are new websites all over the world today. However, there is no better site than the one where all your friends are on. For example, myspace, facebook and twitter. All sites to keep in touch with your best friends. Another more interesting one is the webcam. It was live streamed face-to-face on a computer. How cool is it to see your friends when you're not together? Third, communication makes the world go round, which is why more and more people meet new people. In conclusion, as you can see, you can do a lot of interesting things on your computer. It affects human life as more and more people are interested in this device
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 wasting your time studying at home and what school is that? People worry that too many people are spending too much time on their computers. They spend less time outdoors, exercising and enjoying nature! People need more time to interact with their families. People are worried. They worry about too much computer time. Once, my mom just bought a new computer and I stayed up all night online. When I woke up in the morning, I was tired and didn't want to go to school. I think you should consider reducing your computer time. The more time people spend on computers, the less time they spend enjoying the outdoors. Insted talking to you on my space, they are right down the street in the park. @NUM1 of @NUM2 people in @CAPS2 use a lot of computer time. Interaction is a great way to enjoy nature and have fun. Family activities are a wonderful, fun and enjoyable way to pass the time. When the weather is good, you can go to the park, swim, and exercise. In winter, you can go to the movies, go shopping, play with your family, and don't waste time surfing the Internet. In conclusion, there is too much computer time, and as a newspaper editor, I would suggest that you make computers more expensive so that people can spend their money on more useful things because there is so much computer time. My mom said "more people are out there using computers, they're putting on their shoes and going out!" @CAPS3 folks in @LOCATION1, @CAPS2 thinks the same. Please consider my opinion in the right way. thanks
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, have you ever truly marveled at the computers of our generation? Have you seen all the fun and amazing things that computers allow us to explore? Computers are credited with advancing our society because of their ability to display websites that contain large and diverse studies. But let me ask you this question - have you ever wondered if computers actually ruin someone's life? Well, people who use computers get addicted, they ignore the necessary physical activity that one can get from the outdoors. Additionally, people who spend time in front of a computer screen aren't interacting with friends and family as much as they normally would. Additionally, a major threat teens and children face on the internet is those who try to talk to them online, which can become a threat to children. To help people's lives, we need to be aware of the negative impact of computers! If oyu is chatting in the park or even visiting the fields, chances are you're someone who loves the great outdoors. When I say @CAPS1 I mean likes to play football, fotbol or frisbee, @CAPS2 does that instead of sitting in and staring at the computer, helping their bodies stay healthy. No health activities are involved while you are on the computer. Would you rather see yourself healthy and active or lazy and lazy? good. When summer comes, my friends and I usually go to the stadium to play football. Also, we sometimes go to the beach to enjoy the cool fresh water in the pool. Not to mention, we can even find some activities in cold, cold winters like sledding and snowboarding. @CAPS2 needs to get out and sit in a chair, pry their eyes off the computer screen, and go out and get some fresh air. The feeling of being outdoors lifts your spirits and takes you from a trance-like person to one that feels alive! Also. Do you ever go home and just go back to your room to rest for a while? Then you decide to keep using your computer to get out of trouble. â€œ@CAPS3 Ready, family notified you; however, you didnâ€™t respond because you like computers too much. Computers are interfering with your connection with family and friends. Also, a lot of people are in front of computers, blocking any communication with the outside world .Computers don't help families come together, they separate them. It creates unhealthy families, which is bad because people need strong bonds with their families. Research shows that the average amount of time a person spends on a computer is Five hours! That's almost a lot of time, so families can't spend time with each other. An important issue for children and teens is @CAPS2 being called "child predators" on the internet." @CAPS4 People usually pass Get information from them and meet them to try to harm the child. Research shows that @PERCENT1 kids encounter @CAPS4 "child predators; do you want to see your kids hurt by @CAPS4 horrible people? Computers are the reason, get @CAPS4 precision over the internet. Need to protect kids and teens from @CAPS4 This major threat! In short, computers have a negative impact on people and their lives. First of all, they do not allow people to move and go out.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 Has this ever happened to you? â€œ@PERSON3, did you do your research?â€ â€œ@CAPS3, my computer crashed.â€ â€œ@PERSON1 You practiced typing @TIME1.â€ â€œ@CAPS3, my computer crashed.â€ â€œ@CAPS5, why did you Not online @TIME1? I really need that sales report!" "Sorry @PERSON2, my computer crashed." @CAPS6 It @CAPS2, you've realized that computers do benefit people. Whether it's doing a class project, practicing a computer class, or communicating business ideas, computers can be of great help to society. First, computers are a huge help in your school's computer program . There may be some speed in typing and passing the lesson alone, and the teacher can assign exercises on your own home computer. In fact, @PERCENT1 kids who have some kind of PC at home got @CAPS7 A in their computer class. I can also backup. in my computer class. Our teachers emphasize the importance of practicing at home to improve typing speed. Every @TIME1 I practice, but one @TIME1 my computer crashed and I couldn't practice the entire job on the final exam @CAPS2 on @DATE1, instead of getting @CAPS8 or A, I got @CAPS9+. I blame that grade for not having a computer at home. Second, computers can also be used to learn @MONTH1 different things. Maybe in the class report you need to write about the @LOCATION2, @LOCATION1 tradition. Instead of running to the library to waste time reading books. You can open your laptop and look it up on the internet. Not only does it take less time, but @CAPS6 you look it up on the internet and you get more results than @CAPS6 in the library catalog. In addition, through the computer, you can look up foreign customers, or look up some programs on the computer that can help you learn a new language, you can not only learn about your own country, but also about foreign countries. Third, computers can enhance skills required in many modern business fields, such as social skills, communication skills, and even understanding younger generations. @CAPS6 Someone is not using an instant messenger or video chat program. They will not succeed in today's world. People need to learn to attract each other and solve problems. @CAPS6 Someone is not used to socializing with people, they @MONTH1 are not a good business man or woman. People must also be able to communicate @CAPS6 People don't communicate with each other. We all die in our headlights. We will get lost and be able to do business or have meetings, for example, I need to plan my project team in adore for project work, so I keep using my computer hope they are basically online they never show up so I simply can't talk to my partners work together. I ended up doing all their work. Finally, I hope you have fully understood what I think about computers to what I say about people, computers can help @CAPS6 Coming to computer courses, researching foreign affairs, or even communicating with others, thank you again for reading this letter.
Dear local newspaper, those who support technological progress believe that computers have a positive impact on humanity. I agree with them. Computers are great devices that allow people of all ages to understand the world and its people. It allows people to talk to family members, friends or sometimes business partners who live far away. Technology.. also provides education. Don't you think that socializing and studying are two very important aspects for ordinary people? Learning new things is only fun when you can actually see them. Books can help defend the time it was made. Internet sites can provide you with image uploads almost every week. So you know where you want to book your next visit. Yes, books can give you a lot of information, but not as much as there are thousands of websites out there. Want to learn how to speak Spanish look up on the internet, fast and easy. No need to flip through hundreds of books to get a small fact. Throughout your day, chatting with friends is a great way to relax and have fun. Whether it's a close friend or a colleague. There are now multiple ways to chat with friends, call, text, instant message, and even video chat! Yes, @MONTH1 will give you time away from your family, but you can easily say goodbye to your friends and talk to them later. Finally, learning is a big deal for people today. With this advanced technology, we have found ways to educate students in a fun way. Colorful and fun website to teach kids how to multiply and read. Kids around @PERCENT1 prefer colorful objects to books with text. So for all parents and guardians, computers aren't that bad, they're actually pretty good.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1, you love computers but are afraid that you or your loved ones will spend a lot of time on them? If so, then maybe we should @CAPS1 something. Too many people have vision problems from staring at a computer for long periods of time. Also, people miss out on other outdoor activities. Finally, if people use computers at work, they miss out on other important things in life, such as interacting with family and friends, enjoying the outdoors, or simply spending time with loved ones. Now, are you for or against the decision that people are "addicted" to computers? In my opinion, people should enjoy things and not spend most of their time on the computer. Because people are so reliant on computers, sometimes working in one form can damage your eyesight. A bright white computer screen filled with all these emails can really affect your eyesight. I know my dad always gets headaches and his eyesight isn't the best when he's working on a computer all day. Being indoors and on the computer all day will make you really miss their outdoor activities. Sports, nature, cycling and many other activities are missed due to being on the computer all day. Only interesting and energetic people can get out there and become active. Last but not least, @CAPS1 Do you enjoy spending time with your loved ones but seem busy because you're on the computer all day? If so, get up and play! Take your wife and kids on a hike or bike ride, it's a great exercise for you, your family and friends, and it's really fun! So, it's now or never. @CAPS1 Do you want to be on your computer at home all day or @CAPS1 Do you want to be energized and spend quality time with family and friends? Most importantly @CAPS1, do you want to be energetic, fit, have no vision problems and stop those horrible headaches? Well, if you get up and get active, that's the best decision you'll ever make! So get up, grab the kids, and start your new, vibrant, pain-free life.
Dear editor, I agree to install a computer in our house. For these reasons, I think computers are fine. The computer has a lot of information to look up. A computer can also hold a lot of important things you need. Then you can communicate with people from far away. I think computers are a really good thing because you can look up all kinds of things, like important things about someone's life. You can look up a website that tells you the words or cars you need to know for school or work. You can look up things that happened long ago @NUM1 or @DATE1 that was. You can then look up your family tree and send past people or family members you have been routed to, you can look up your book account or email on your computer. So that's one reason I think computers are good. Another reason I think a computer is a good thing for anyone, it holds a lot of important stuff. Some you can save important things from your past. You will also need to save your report for your school or work. Then, you can save your photos from work. You can bookmark a website to your favorites so you can access it anytime. This is another reason why I think computers are good things. The last reason I think computers are a good thing is that you can communicate with people who are far away. You can have family members who just passed and you can keep in touch with them through your email, myspace, facebook, etc. You can video chat with friends or family who live in different places. You can chat with your colleagues or boss for a meeting. This is another reason why I think computers are good things. As you can see, that's why I think computers are a good thing, because you can look up things, how do you save important things, because you can go and communicate with your friends. So that's why I think computers are a good thing.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1's opinion on computer effects is that it depends on how much you use it. But I think computers have a positive effect on people. Why, because it makes homework easier for our kids and you can check out interesting sites. Even for adults, when they need to find something important, they can automatically find it in the computer. I think the first reason computers have a positive effect on people is because it makes @CAPS1 homework easier, and instead of getting it from a book, I can get it from the @CAPS1 computer. Trust me, it's a lot easier than reading all these types of books when you have a computer. Then you can type in what you want and it will pop up for you automatically. For example, when you have an article to write about @PERSON1 @LOCATION1. All you have to do is visit @CAPS2.com and all types of past @CAPS2s will come up. Then you go to search and type @LOCATION1 and all his @CAPS2 will come out. So you get the right information and it's an easy A+ for you. I think the second reason computers have a positive impact on people is that you have access to all the sites you can play games or access youtube or myspace. There are a lot of things you can do on your computer to have some fun. For example, let's say you don't want @CAPS3 to play games or watch @CAPS3.V, or go out. What to do, get on the computer. So you can check your myspace page or watch a funny video or chat with some of your online friends. Come to think of it, you can' @CAPS3 not do these things in your @CAPS3.V or in your game, especially outside, so that's why I think computers have a positive effect on people. Finally, I think computers have a positive effect on people because even adults love to use them. Half of every adult working has a computer that they have to use to cash checks on the computer, or use a teacher to grade it and a scientist to look up different experiments. For example, teachers always have to use their computers to grade, or to see where our kids need help, or how far we've come and how far we've fallen behind. So it makes it easy for adults too. In conclusion, this is why I think computers have a positive impact on people.
Dear @LOCATION1's @CAPS1, @CAPS2, @ORGANIZATION1 Most people use any kind of computer at least once a day. Our society so often revolves around computers that some people even find it difficult to live without them. Computers have become something people rely on. However, this is a matter of concern. When people rely too much on computers, they lose valuable skills they once had, they spend less time exercising outdoors, and they lose touch with family and friends. Computers have become a part of people's lives, and that's pretty close. Computers have the ability to perform certain human tasks that we seem to struggle with. Before the computer age, it was much harder to find information on a topic or place. We used to have to use encyclopedias or look up books on these topics. Sometimes we even have to go somewhere to learn about it. Today, however, people use technology to find this information. You @MONTH1 are thinking, "@CAPS3, what's going on?". The reason this is a problem is because people have started to lose the ability to use books like encyclopedias and atleses or even simple maps. At one time, most people had access to these tools to help them find their way through information or places. I know from experience that I can barley look at the map and find where I am. We became too dependent on @CAPS4 and computers, which in turn made us forget valuable information. What happens if someone gets lost and has no @CAPS4 or signal available on their phone. They get lost and don't know how to read a map. As you can see, humans have become too dependent on computers. Also, people all over the world are addicted to the internet. Facebook, @CAPS6 and even @CAPS7 Baseball has become an addictive activity for people to kill time. When people start spending most of their time on these sites, they get less exercise and grow farther and farther away from family and friends. Most teens have this problem. If you do a survey on the number of students with a facebook account or @CAPS6, you'll probably get the majority. Having such an account is said to be addictive. Students, parents, and everyone in between will get into trouble later on. The United States is one of the leading countries in obesity. Has anyone stopped and thought maybe people are spending too much time on these sites to get any workouts? If the internet wasn't such a big thing, I bet there would be even fewer overweight people. But not only do people become overweight, they end up becoming more and more estranged from family and friends. My own sister spends so much time on her laptop that my parents have to take it away. Once, it was the only way we could actually talk to her through Facebook. As you can see, computers can be a dangerous thing. Think of all the people you know who spend hours at the computer. You might be quieter. The computer is an addictive thing that leads to less physical activity and less communication, which has been shown to support a healthy lifestyle. Also, when people overuse computers, they lose valuable skills. Keep this in mind the next time someone you know sits in front of a computer for an extended period of time. You can help them.
Dear newspaper readers, @CAPS1 this! Sitting on the couch at home eating a bag of potato chips. @CAPS2 shows a beautiful picture of @LOCATION1, you can almost feel the rain falling on you and you really want to know more. Suddenly you see the remote drop to the ground, your hand-eye coordination is so bad, you miss it completely when you try to grab it. Most importantly, you remember you were supposed to meet your sister today, you've seen it for years but you can't! If you have a computer, you will learn more about places and people, it will improve your hand-eye coordination and you can interact with people when you don't have time to meet them! Computers definitely have a great influence on people! First, computers help improve hand-eye coordination. In fact, people with one or more computers at home have better hand-eye coordination than people without computers! Don't you also want good hand-eye coordination? In fact, my friend @PERSON4 has the worst hand-eye coordination in our school, and now that her parents bought her a computer, she's a lot faster and definitely has better hand-eye coordination. She said she wanted to go just looking at the screen, which helped a lot. In addition, computer time can show that computers have been shown to improve hand-eye coordination within a year. This sounds easy to me! Second, computers can also make people aware of other distant places and people. Local middle school teacher @PERSON2 uses computers to teach @CAPS3 culture and geography to her students. This sounds more fun than just talking! My cousins once read an article about @LOCATION3 and they thought they learned a lot about the culture and actually traveled there! Additionally, vacations.com says computers are the #@NUM1 reason people travel because they see pictures and articles about places. You can get anywhere you want on your computer, doesn't that sound good? I'm sure there's a place you've always wanted to know about! Finally, computers allow people to interact with other people around the world You can chat with long-lost friends who live in @LOCATION2 with a single mouse click (send). In a recent study, people over @PERCENT1 were just chatting with their friends online rather than going out to meet them. How convenient! Also, computer expert @PERSON1 said, "If you can't meet someone, you can only talk online, then computers are great". Have you ever needed to cancel a meeting? Computers are really good for busy people. Now reader, @CAPS1, you're sitting on the same couch, you look at @CAPS2 and you see @LOCATION1, you quickly type it into your laptop, and an article in front of you reads more about it in each Articles to learn new knowledge in paragraphs. Suddenly you lose control, but you grab your laptop just in time, hand-eye coordination! Then you remember you were supposed to meet your sister @PERSON3 but you have a hair appointment. You quickly tell her through the computer that you can't see her. She said it's okay, you guys keep chatting and it's all settled! It's that simple! Computers teach hand-eye coordination, allowing you to see more places and interact with more people. So what readers are you doing? Go out and buy a computer.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 Do you think there are pros and cons of owning a computer? I think computers help in many different ways. Computers teach hand-eye coordination, help us learn, and we can even chat with friends and family online. Have you ever thought @CAPS1 your computer can help you phisicly? Many parents say, "@CAPS2 spends a lot of time on the computer!" But what they don't know is that the computer is teaching them hand-eye coordination. Parents argue that kids cry more because they are sitting on the computer, but if they do something to limit @CAPS2, like play only some games, limit their time on the computer, or let them play outside With the same amount of time they spend on the computer, kids can learn while staying healthy. That's why, when used properly, computers can become an important part of a child's life. What is your learning method? Maybe you read, go to school or even watch @CAPS3. But what if you're not at school, or don't have books around? What if your @CAPS3 doesn't tell you what you need to know? Well, with a computer, you can find almost anything with just a few clicks of a button. @CAPS1 Will you study if you don't have time to go to your local library to read? As a school-going teenager, I know that without a computer, I won't be able to complete many school assignments and projects. A lot of work from home today requires a computer, and without a computer, the work cannot be done. That's why I think computers are good for our society and knowledge. Does everyone you know live in one? Probably not which is why sites like @CAPS5 and @CAPS6 have more and more members every day. The internet helps us keep in touch with relatives and friends and helps us meet new people. I know the internet helps me keep in touch with old friends.
Dear @CAPS1-@ORGANIZATION1 computers...they are sometimes bad and sometimes good, they are just like people. Computers help you find information, making your job easier. But at the same time not so healthy for you and your family. Computers hold so much information that the newspapers of the future will no longer be known. Newspapers will no longer be thrown on your front porch. Because of the computer, instead of getting information about what happened yesterday in the area you live in, you can use the computer to learn about the interesting things that happened in the world yesterday. But thanks to computers, life would be a lot easier if someone had a science project. About being a sample cell, and with that computer, it's going to help a lot more than you might think. Cells in the book are a waste of good time to go out and play with friends and family. I'm talking about computers sometimes being as bad as people and like drugs. Because people see computers when they visit sites like myspace, twitter, facebook, communication sites, or gaming sites, there are so many things to name. It's a drug that causes you to stick to it day and night, you get stuck with it, you can't get enough, some people won't stop, it hurts family, friends, and especially health, just like a drug can cause everything thing. I think I proved my point why computers are sometimes as bad as people and sometimes as good.
Dear local paper, I think people use computers to be influential. Using a computer can help people in many ways. You can talk to people all over the world, it helps you stay organized, and you can use your computer to create very useful things like power points or power points. Talking to people all over the world can be a very useful thing. Assuming you have family members living in @LOCATION1 or @LOCATION2, you can keep in touch with them via email or video chat. Also, if there is a country and need to talk to other people, governors around the world seeking advice can help him do so quickly and easily. Using a computer can also help you stay organized. For example, my uncle helped with the file holding the computer to make sure all the files were saved and they were in a bright place. Imagine all the paper and space he would use if he had to do it by hand or without a computer. Computers can also help teachers. Teachers enter grades, email parents, and even create tests or quizzes that they know will be nice and organized in computer files rather than paper files on their desks. When it comes to quizzes teachers do on computers, they can do a lot of other things like power points. Power points can help them display a lot of information on the screen and help students learn, which is a positive effect. If you have a small business just starting out, you can create brochures to help with advertising. Finally, you can continue to use microsoft excel and create timetables to help your employees know who has to work when, or students can know when they have to be in class. In conclusion, computers are very helpful to many different people in their daily life. Talking to the world can help you stay home so you don't lose touch with you. They also have the effect of helping business people stay organized. Finally, they can help teachers create tests or slideshows that help children learn. So in general, I have to agree that computers have a positive impact on society. Plus, isn't printing newspaper articles more organized and faster?
Dear local paper, @ORGANIZATION1 has been talking about @LOCATION1 for decades. People can't agree on whether computers are a good perk of society or just lowering it year after year. I think computers do have a positive effect on people. This is because they teach hand-eye coordination, expose them to cultures around the world, and allow people to communicate with each other. Do you think the disadvantages really outweigh the advantages? Hand-eye coordination is not something you are born with. You get it with age and with active practice. Computers help achieve this. "@PERCENT1 who is a regular in @ORGANIZATION1 has a really bad catch every time before and after @ORGANIZATION1," said biologist @PERSON1. Not only does it help with baseball, it also helps with other sports like juggling, golf or tennis. If you are very good at these sports, you can play them for fun or even as a professional. Who knew gaming on @ORGANIZATION1 could get you this far? ! Did you know that, according to TIME, people who participate in @ORGANIZATION1 are better able to focus on tasks, like homework, because it allows your hands and eyes to work together? Everyone knows that if you get good grades in school, you can do almost any job? Then, you can make a lot of money and live the life of your dreams! ! Oh, another great @NUM1 hour school day. Ok. What's the first piece I have? @LOCATION3 History. What? Yes! We are doing a cultural project! This means I can easily find important information on where I am assigned on @ORGANIZATION1. This is another point about computers. Easy access to a wealth of useful information. I'm on the cheerleading team every day after school until @NUM2. If I have a project, I don't have time to flip through the book and find out what I need to know. The computer allows me to do my sports and still get good grades in school. People at @PERCENT2 use computers to do information work about faraway places. It's faster and more accurate. You can search for an annual calendar on your bookshelf. But once you find it, you need to check the copyright. Hope it's recent. If not, you're in trouble. Do you want to snoop through more shelves accurately? Facebook, @CAPS1, @CAPS2. A whole new way to communicate with people. Just another useful effect on people. Forgot to do homework? Hope your friends don't, you can ask them. â€œPeople from @PERCENT3 are not online chatting with others.â€ @LOCATION2 @ORGANIZATION1 expert said. Most of them have to be there for some reason. Like homework, what happened that day, or how they never met. Don't you chat with people online? Trust me, it can be a grade protector. Maybe this will help you to conclude that computers have a positive impact on society due to hand-eye coordination, information and chat. What would we do without them?
Dear trained reader, @CAPS1, you disagree with the increasing use of computers. Well, I @CAPS2 because it gives us the information we want to see. What caught my attention recently is that some people agree that some @CAPS3 don't really use computers themselves. Without a doubt, I'm a firm believer that people who don't use computers should start using them. But I can understand why the same person doesn't use the computer. Maybe they don't know how to use something better for @CAPS2, or can't afford it. The first @CAPS5, they don't know how to use it. I remember when my friend was over, I was using the computer. He @CAPS4 "@CAPS2 You know some people who can't use a computer?" I @CAPS4 "@CAPS3 Who?" @CAPS4 "@CAPS3 Me, I don't know how to use one." I @CAPS4 ok, I'll teach you . Since then @CAPS5 all my friends have done is get on the computer. He said to me one day because I wanted to work with a computer. This is one of my reasons why people don't use computers. Second one for @CAPS5, with better stuff for @CAPS2. @MONTH1 Someone is playing a game. For example, I spend most of my time on the computer. Usually I have a basketball game or practice and I come home from practice and feel exhausted, @CAPS5 I think @CAPS2 is going to @CAPS6. Why did the parents come and don't want to @CAPS2 anything. I will tell you why. Because @CAPS5 they have @CAPS2 @CAPS5 days. This is another reason why people don't use computers. A third of @CAPS5 can't afford it. Some people don't have a lot of money to buy a computer. They have to say. So they can live in the house. When a parent's child buys something a parent shouldn't. They buy it so you don't feel hurt. When I'm @CAPS7 I make sure I have enough money to buy it. If not, then I guess the kid is out of luck. So don't brag about your computer because some can't afford it. This is my last reason why people don't use computers. That's why some people don't use their computer for a few days now. Because they don't know how to use one, there are better @CAPS2 and can't afford one. By the way; @PERCENT1 of @ORGANIZATION1's students does not have a computer.
Dear @CAPS1, I am writing to express my views on how computers benefit society. I believe that computers are very useful learning and communication tools, but people today overuse this ability. You know what I mean by @NUM1 gamers, @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 addicts. Or those who do anything in order to spend their time on the computer. People like @CAPS4 don't spend much time with family or friends, or even just outside. They don't get enough exercise, and frankly, computer abuse isn't good for your life, your body, or your society. Some people work all day, get up early and come back late, so they rarely have time with their loved ones. But if you're computer addicted like many of us, you @MONTH1 just don't spend enough time with your family and friends. Using a computer isn't exactly a social activity. One person, one person, one mouse, one keyboard, one monitor. You @MONTH1 say "@CAPS5, but there are also online social networks." @CAPS5, but how often do you see these people in real life? Your computer takes up your precious time, allowing you to share it with family and friends. This is certainly not good for society. A major failure of a computer is that you have to be indoors. So you can't enjoy the great outdoors while chatting online, playing games, or checking email outside. Sure, you can use your laptop outdoors, but do you really enjoy the outdoors? Computers and the outdoors are like chocolate milk and filet mignon - not so good. That's why the pines have no outlet (though now you never know what they'll do next). Another side effect of computers - consistent with the above statement about computers and the outdoors - is a lack of exercise. Again, using a computer and skipping rope at the same time is quite difficult . You don't get enough exercise when you're living as a computer veggie guy. Another reason computers can reduce your quality of life. Now, really, if you use your computer sparingly, and only when you need it, or when it's necessary, you really won't have these "side effects". But let's face it, the truth is, computers can be addicting. Whether you're waiting for a friend to come online or you're trying to reach the @NUM2 rank of "@CAPS7 @CAPS8", they'll keep you hooked. The idea of this post is not to stop you from using your computer, but to make sure you use them the way you eat double fudge brownies with walnuts and cream cheese frosting â€“ spring. So, now you know, computers are as addictive as a drug when overused, overused. They are a very, very valuable tool as long as you use them correctly, but overuse can cause problems and even prevent you from spending time with family and friends, exercising, or even spending time outdoors. I know you will definitely agree.
I believe computers are a good thing for several reasons. The three reasons a computer is good is that you communicate with other people. You can also use them to meet new people. Finally, you can also use them for planning. The first reason I think computers are good is that you can communicate with other people. My parents use email all the time. They told my grandparents, then friends, and even used it to arrange events with other people. I use it when people get hurt, and I know some people use it to find out about magazine subscriptions and other things to buy. My favorite thing is my parents using email to talk to my grandparents about my birthday present. The reason why I have computers is a good thing, my second reason is that you can use them to meet new people. I know there are plenty of sites out there that match you with someone based on your likes and behaviors. You can also use email to chat with friends, and they @MONTH1 want to see you again, so you can meet new people this way. There are thousands of ways to meet new people. You can use a chat site or a site like facebook or myspace. My third and final reason why computers are good is that you can use them to plan vacations or mobile dining reservations. For example, my family and I went on vacation to @LOCATION1 and my mom made all the bookings at home using our computer. My parents are not the only ones. Many people travel on vacation, and maybe @NUM1 out of every @NUM2 people use a computer to book a hotel. I also want to take you to the other side without a computer. If we didn't have a computer, we would send the mail through the post office, and by the time we got to your house, a new baby might be born. Plus, we'll find billing and paying taxes without computer software. My parents' life and mine would be very busy if we didn't have computers. Again I believe that computers are good, over half of Americans use them. I believe this because you can use them to talk to other families from far away @MONTH1. You can meet new people through online dating services. Then there's the always-helpful panning section, so you can go online and book a hotel for dinner in a restaurant. Plus, if we don't have computers, we'll have to pay bills and taxes the old-fashioned way. Where do I add, subtract and divide. Much less if you use a computer.
Dear local paper, I believe that computers do not benefit society. I find this approach lacking email skills, not exercising, and addicting. Read on for further explanation. First, spending hours and hars on the computer won't give you any social skills. Think before you reply, most people talk or write differently online than in person. People can act like other people. Online you can erase what you write, but you can't in person. That way, you don't gain the social skills to chat online all the time. Next, you don't get any workouts. On a nifty @DATE1, you'll be on the computer when you can work out. Sitting down online and doing nothing but talking will make you lazy. When you're older, you'll have to write. You can't just put these longhouses on a computer. Also, you should have time on the computer and exercising. In the end, it's addictive to some people, and it can take hours to find all these videos on a computer. Seven in 10 teens would rather talk to people at the computer than meet new people elsewhere. I think parents should limit the amount of time their children spend on the computer. All of this fun time can be spent studying or doing things that will help you in the future. In conclusion, I believe that computers will not benefit society. I find it lacking social skills, not exercising, and addicting. I think some people limit their time on another computer and extend their time to do important things.
Dear @LOCATION1 editor, @CAPS1, you know the @PERCENT1 people in @LOCATION3 have their own computers! Can you imagine life without them? Computers benefit society. I can't even remember the last time I went without a computer for a day. All this talk about computers being harmful to society really gets people thinking. Computers can't be broken. For example, computers are good for motor skills, and school work computers are great for when you forget your school homework journal and, finally, social skills! I don't know about you, but I can't live without a computer! Computer teaches hand-eye coordination! We all know we need exercise! Plus, your wrists are sure to get some exercise during all your typing! I should have known they would because I woke up both my wrists and when I went to rehab they told me I should try to get my wrists back to normal by typing and taking calcium but that was another time something happened. Computers are also great for school. Say you forgot your homework journal at school, so you don't know what homework you have is good, you can call a friend, but wouldn't it be easier to surf the web to the teacher's web page? Teachers always list homework on the school webpage. No, you realize you forgot your math book! No worries online textbooks are here! It's so much easier than going back to school to get it! Do not you think so? Finally, when you have a big project, you can do research on anything in the world! From ants to @LOCATION2 are there. On all social networking sites like facebook myspace, this is a great benefit to society, so you can't comment on your friends' profiles or even chat with them! Which brings me to the next topic of chatting on a computer! With @CAPS2, like I said before, you can even chat on social networking sites. Assuming you can't watch the news, you can't go online to check it! There are a lot of social activities to do on the computer, and these are just some of them. So I hope those @PERCENT1 folks who don't even have a computer are on my side. So we can show that computers are good for motor skills, school work and even social networking. So please be on my side so we can show the public that computers are social!
Computers were built to help people accomplish tasks easier and faster. Since then, they have been continuously updated until today. Computers are part of most people's daily lives and are essential to most businesses. But the general question in our society is, are computers really benefiting us? My answer is yes. Computers do a lot for us. They teach us hand-eye coordination, give us the ability to research effectively, and lately, become a great way to communicate, and @CAPS1 has definitely benefited us. One reason computers help us is by teaching hand-eye coordination. In a magazine I read, one expected, (@PERSON1) that typing without looking is a great way to improve reflexes. Your typing speed will improve with practice. Another way it improves hand-eye coordination is by learning to click and respond effectively to different things. I am often amused by games on my computer. These games are usually hard, but as my hand-eye coordination improves, I'm learning how to play them well. My father always told me to learn through computers because they are our future and soon, with the advancement of technology, almost everything will be done by them, it is impossible not to benefit our society. Our home computer is very good at teaching me things like hand-eye coordination. Another reason why computers are so good is that they can produce difficult historical papers with a single click. My grandfather always told me how easy it was for me. Instead of going to @CAPS2 and having to pick a book, I go to Google and have a full search engine in front of me. As we enter high school, we will need a computer to be successful. To keep our paper organized, our research is valid, and the typing is legible in front of us. My brother told me that owning a computer is the best investment ever. Last year, we had a scientific mission to figure out how our heart beats faster. This is pretty easy considering I typed it in and there are hundreds of ways to increase my pulse rate. Computers have changed the way we research and complete our studies. The final reason computers are great is that communication is just a click away. A few weeks ago, my coach emailed us to say that our game times had changed. It doesn't seem like a big deal, but without his @CAPS1 we would have missed the game. My cousin @CAPS3 is from @LOCATION1. I meet him only once a year. We can't really get what we need in a limited amount of time. Recently, I bought a webcam and I chat with him every week. It's almost like he's with me. All the girls in our school couldn't satisfy me. So I come home after exercising and keep going, there is always enough I can move around. Webcams are a great way to communicate. With all the new computers coming to market and new devices coming out, no one knows when it will stop. So, the question remains, are computers good for our society? @MONTH1's answer will never come, but at least for me it's a pretty sweet deal to improve my hand-eye, research a breeze, and wait for my communication. So for now, I'm adamant that computers are great and very useful to everyone.
Dear @CAPS1, I am writing to you to tell you my thoughts on computers and technology. Computers are now a part of our society and culture and are very important for the following reasons. A computer allows you to surf the Internet anytime, anywhere. Second, computers allow people to chat online. The number one reason why computers are so important in our culture is that computers allow you to surf online anytime, anywhere. This is very convenient. What if you live far from the nearest library? When do I have to write a research paper? Jane lives @NUM1 miles from her town library. Her mother could drive her there, but what if she wasn't home or drove someone to the doctor? That's where the computer comes in handy. Jane can simply go online to conduct research! Not only that, but "www.internetsocool.gov" also states that the information you can find in a regular library is about @NUM2 pieces of information you can find online. Second, computers allow you to chat online and video with people near and far. This is very useful for me. I miss my family so much since I live alone in @LOCATION1. Although there is internet, I can talk to my family anytime! Plus, you can video chat with your lab partners to discuss how to make lab reports even better! @PERSON1, author of "@CAPS2 @CAPS3" also states in his book that over @NUM3 million people use the internet for video chat for educational purposes. In conclusion, ivideochat @MONTH1 sounds like something for the lark, but it actually serves many good purposes. On the other hand, some people say that computers are not good. Some people say that people spend too much time on the computer and less time for exercise and family. Although, the "@DATE1 survey on what people do" states that @PERCENT1 people who use computers are physically and emotionally healthy. Just because we use computers to make our lives easier doesn't mean we don't value spending time with our family. In conclusion, in our culture because it's very important in our culture because it gets you online and helps you interact with people from afar.
Do you think the computer is easy to use? I believe they are very convenient. Computers offer many things like online shopping, @CAPS1 and even @CAPS2.V. Shopping online can be helpful. Suppose you don't have a car with '@CAPS2. Well, you can go online and buy whatever you want in the store. People is a function that @CAPS3 and @CAPS4 perform, you can order online @CAPS5 and they will throw it away. Say you need clothes or shoes, or even a game. You can go online to find what you want and click buy and choose your shipping. That's why I think computers are helpful. Chatting on a computer is great. Now facebook, @CAPS6 and @CAPS7 are the social sites to rate @CAPS15. On @CAPS6 you can follow celebrities like @PERSON1 and @CAPS9 @CAPS10 @CAPS11 recipients. Facebook has celebrity fan pages. @CAPS7 may actually have celebrity accounts. Chat became pretty much what @PERCENT1 in @CAPS13 used. You @MONTH1 believe it's pointless, but pretty much the entire @CAPS13 is using it. You can also use a webcam @CAPS1 where you can actually see the person you're talking to and they see you themselves. @CAPS1 is also great, if you're always on the go and you can't talk on the phone, you can send a message in @CAPS1. That's why I think @CAPS1 is necessary. @CAPS17 is the latest to touch @CAPS13 @CAPS11 @CAPS15. There are sites like @LOCATION1 can or @CAPS16 @CAPS17. You can also buy @ORGANIZATION1 League @CAPS18 or @ORGANIZATION2. @CAPS17, you can watch live sports from your computer. It's also easier when you're on a long trip in the car and then you open up your laptop and watch whatever show you @MONTH1 is watching @CAPS17 on while you're on the go, it's the pinnacle of technology. That's why computers are so handy. So now you've read its help, its necessity, and the convenience of a computer. Now one day, if you need one of these things, keep that in mind and check out @CAPS15's hottest site.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, Computing is an amazing technology but some people are starting to abuse @CAPS2. There are many benefits to owning a computer. In my opinion, I think computers can help people a lot of things like finding directions and even chatting with some old friends. But a lot of people abuse @CAPS2 instead of @CAPS1 when getting off. @CAPS2 is a lot of fun, but when you use it for too long, you miss out on family events, hanging out with friends, etc. I think everyone should have a time limit on the computer. People would go out more and be more active if we had something that shuts down other computers but saves everything you do. Even though the folks at @MONTH1 learn stuff on the computer, you have to know when to get off. There are now sites on @CAPS2 where you can watch workout videos, or if you even want to buy some exercise equipment, etc. @CAPS2 can be a very handy thing, but you don't want to use it for a long time. I believe having a computer can be a really cool thing and very useful when you need it. But there should be a time limit on how long people can stay on the computer.
Dear Local Newspaper @CAPS1 Name is @PERSON1 and I am part of the Middle Community. I read or in the local paper that a lot of people use computers, but not everyone agrees that it's good for society. In @CAPS1's opinion, this has many benefits for society, because you can always work, you can connect with your family, and because it gives you the ability to learn about other places and other people. You can go to work whenever you want because now there are cell phones, ipods with internet and many things you need to work on a computer. We also have laptops that we can carry with us. You can also install many programs on your computer to connect with family members in other states or cities, such as @LOCATION2, @LOCATION3, @CAPS2, @CAPS3, and @LOCATION1. Finally, it also enables you to learn about other places and people through photos, information and websites. Like it says tragedies in other states like the one in @LOCATION4. Here's @CAPS1's opinion on why computers are good for society. Thanks for reading them and have a nice day.
Dear Local Newspaper, One of the issues that has come to my attention recently is that people spend a lot of time on computers, and if that's a good thing, I believe computers are a good piece of electronics. I think it's because, it helps people learn. Also, people can keep in touch with their friends even though I'm in a different Also, it helps people or students become @CAPS1, please consider this in our newspaper. Do you want students/people to have internet and search that can help them learn? The answer is "yes". Having a computer can help students learn. They can go to @LOCATION2 and enter any question they want answered. Imagine this kid has a question she wants to answer, but she's embarrassed to ask her parents. She can simply type questions on her computer and get hundreds of answers. No one in the world knows everything, but there are computers that can do it. A computer can give you the answer to any question. When my mom was little, she didn't use a computer all the time. @CAPS1 When she has a question, she has to ask someone she knows. If they don't know the answer, then she can't know the answer. If more people had computers, then they would answer questions. Computers are a great way to keep in touch with people. These are @CAPS4 programs such as @CAPS2, @CAPS3, aim, etc. My dad owns a business and needs to get in touch with seven people @CAPS1 he talks to them via email around his iphone. It helps my dad know when the note is and who is asking what. I asked ten adults if they thought everyone should have a computer, and 10 out of 10 said "yes." @CAPS4 People think friends and family are important and should be with them from time to time. I have a friend who lives in @LOCATION1, but I can't reach her on my phone because I'm not talking to her on @CAPS2 all the time. @CAPS1 If people don't have cell phones, then you can still keep in touch with a computer. if they are far away. Do you have perfect handwriting? The answer may be no. People have been using @ORGANIZATION1 because no handwriting computer can help people stay clean and tidy. Computers have folders and programs to store the information you need. It all stays on the computer. My friend just bought a computer for her office. Make a mess of everything before she gets her hands on it. She is already full of paper. But after she got a computer, she typed everything neatly and put all the files in a folder on the computer. She was promoted @CAPS1 neat and clean. My friend's mom has changed because of the computer. She has become cleaner. Imagine being overwhelmed with all the papers on your desk. You don't know what paper is. Well, if you have a computer, you can type eerythings and save them in your computer files. Adult occupancy at @PERCENT1 is also good. I know your local paper and have a very tough job and decision. I believe computers are good and helpful. Because they help people find the information they need. Additionally, they allow people to stay in touch with business people, friends, students, family, and more. In addition, computers can help people to be neat and tidy. @CAPS1 Please consider putting my article in a newspaper.
Do people today spend too much time on the computer? If you do, it will affect you. In our modern age, people spend time on computers. I and I both think this affects people in many different ways. by some means. Healthy your social life, and your education. Spending too much time on the computer can affect you in many ways. such as sports. People spend all their time in chairs, and they may have a chance to wait. Then you'll probably get everything you need because you probably won't be on your computer for veggies and veggies. All you want is to get your computer. Social life @CAPS1, you can have them with everyone. Another big issue is education. Are you on the computer all day @CAPS2 Aren't you on the computer? These are some of the reasons I think people shouldn't spend too much time on the computer.
Dear @LOCATION1 newspaper: I am writing to you about my views on the impact of computers on people. Computers have a positive effect on people because they help students and many others learn, they allow you to visit stores by shopping online, and computers allow people to communicate. After reading this letter, I assure you that you will agree with me. The number one reason computers have a positive impact on people is because they help students and many others learn. If you have a test or quiz in @CAPS1, you can print out the @CAPS1 practice sheet on your computer. Or, if you have a vocabulary test, you can find definitions quickly and easily on your computer. In the days of @ORGANIZATION1, a statistic that @PERCENT2 of @ORGANIZATION2's students found computers to be the best learning tool there. They found it effective and quick to use. Last night, I tested @CAPS3 @CAPS4, then I went online, typed "@CAPS3 @CAPS4" and found @MONTH1 a useful quote. It was useful and didn't waste my time. Using computers for learning is a good reason why it positively affects people and makes them happier, but more happier. Second, computers have a positive effect on people because it saves people time by shopping online. There are now many stores that allow you to buy stocks with me. It's easy. Save time driving to the store with the click of a button. In @ORGANIZATION1, @PERCENT1 in @ORGANIZATION1 said in @ORGANIZATION2 that shopping online improves their lives by reducing the hustle and bustle from one store to another. Online shopping has created active, less busy lives for many people around the world. Thereâ€™s a good reason why online shopping has a positive impact on people by making their lives less busy, but thereâ€™s an even more important one. The last and most important reason why computers have a positive impact on people is that it allows people to communicate with each other. Communication through computers is very powerful. With instant messaging or even blackboard email, a new teacher-student communication site, computers are often used for communication. I surveyed @NUM1 kids and @NUM2 said computers are the main source of communication. Communicating through a computer It positively impacts people in many ways, such as easier work communication, emailing your best friend who just moved to @LOCATION2, or simply sending party invitations to all your friends. Computers communicate via Communication makes life easier for many people and has a positive impact on them. This is why it is most important that communication has a positive impact on people. All in all, computers have a positive impact on people as it makes learning easier, saves people time by shopping online, and allows people to communicate. Although computers help us in various ways, they have no reason to negatively affect us. I know you will take this into consideration. Computers make our lives easier every day, and who knows what they can do in the future.
Would you rather read six books to get a recipe, or look it up in less than ten minutes? I think computers have a positive effect on people, you can understand where you want in a few minutes and you can talk to your friends online. Computers have a great effect on people because you can understand where you want @DATE1. For example, @PERSON5 wanted @LOCATION2 this @DATE1, but when he went online he saw that @LOCATION2 just had an earthquake, so he changed his plans for this @DATE1. @CAPS1, @PERSON2 saying "I want to go to @LOCATION3 on this @DATE1 but I know, so I googled and found this @DATE1 I'll go to @LOCATION3" This is a positive thing that computers have on people Because you can find out where you want to go on @DATE1. Computers have a positive impact on people because you can @CAPS1 find what you need in minutes. For example. @PERSON3 was looking for a cake recipe, he was looking for many cookbooks, but found, so he went through his lab and found it in five minutes, @CAPS1, computer expert @PERSON1 said "@CAPS2 by books and book points For the information you need, why not go and truth me it's a lot" @CAPS3, computers have a great influence on people because you can talk to your friends online, for example, @PERSON6 said "I moved from @CAPS4 Arriving at @LOCATION1 I'm sad to leave my best friend but I know how to talk to her on @CAPS5." @CAPS1, @PERSON4 is sick and can't visit his friend by our side so he's on @CAPS7 got in touch with them. Computers have a positive impact on people because you can find out where you want to go @DATE1. You can find what you need in minutes, you can chat with your friends online just remember the computer reports @PERSON1 saying "it's easier for me"
Computers are a very important part of many people's lifestyles. They can provide us with great facts and news that would otherwise be hard to come by. Computers have also made it easy for people to communicate with friends and family without using a phone. Finally, a computer is a very useful writing tool. One of the most beneficial parts of a computer is that you can understand what's going on anywhere in the world. For example, I can do a search engine about recent disasters and find hundreds of articles about @CAPS1 and other recent news. However, you can also discover some interesting facts like how many people have chosen to travel the world over the past decade. But that's just one of the many uses for computers. Critics @MONTH1 argue that using a computer can interfere with spending time with friends and family. But computers can actually do the opposite. There are many websites that allow you to talk to people safely. Some of these sites are facebook and chatme.com. Did you know that you can even video chat with people. It's like you're right there. Incredibly, unlike calling and using the phone, using these sites is free and open to anyone. This brings me to my last point. Computers are great writing tools. They allow you to write efficiently and neatly. Additionally, your work can be spell-checked using the Microsoft Word program. However, one of the most useful qualities of a program like word is that it allows you to change jobs and add sentences or words wherever you want. You can see that computers are a useful and beneficial part of society. They make it easy for people to follow world news. Second, computers allow easy and secure communication between people, and finally they are useful for writing papers, such as writing prompts. I hope that by reading this article, you can now understand the many uses for computers.
Today, technology is used wherever you go. Most commonly, computers are widely used by most people, but are computers really good for society? Computers are good for society because it's a way to connect with the world, a way to increase accountability, and it helps in education. Computers are beneficial because they help people connect with the world. You can use your computer to find anything on the web, so you can find information about places you're interested in or where you want to go. According to @ORGANIZATION1, @NUM1 of @NUM2 people check @ORGANIZATION1's location on the internet before actually going. @CAPS1, it's a way to connect with distant friends. A friend of mine moved to @LOCATION1 when we were in @NUM3 grade, but we still email each other and are still friends. Computers are @CAPS1 and one of the fastest ways you can keep up with current events. All you have to do is visit a news site. All these connections broaden people's view of the world. Computers are also a way to increase accountability. When people use computers, they must make many choices, such as which websites to visit and what content to download or watch. Having these personal opportunities will help people think about what the right choice is. Even if you make the wrong choice, you will learn from your mistakes. Second, a computer is a very fragile machine that takes a lot of time to process. For example, you must not have any liquids nearby, and you must not throw things near or on the computer. Taking this into account and making sure you don't damage your computer are ways to increase your liability. Finally, computers are beneficial because they aid in education. Teachers can use computers to make lessons more interesting. For example, they can create bullet points and presentations to provide @CAPS1 where students can learn about what they learned in school. @CAPS1, you can make it for students, giving them assignments and information about a class that a friend of mine once said "@CAPS2, I'm sure to fail". No one wants to talk, and it's a great way to say it. Finally, if you want information about a specific school, you can search online and find its website. Information about courses, activities and clubs is available on the school website. They provide the information you need to consider going to that school in a simple and convenient way, and finding a school's website takes no more than @NUM2 minutes, actually going to that school for information may take more than @NUM2 minutes, or even hours. According to @ORGANIZATION2, @NUM1 of @NUM2 students choose which college to attend first by checking their website. Computers are an easy and convenient way to obtain information. Now, no one should doubt the benefits of computers. They are connections to the world, just like places and people. They add responsibility by giving you a variety of options. They help education by providing information about and for schools. This is why computers are good for society.
Do you think people spend too much time on the computer. I think kids and adults spend a lot of time @CAPS1, tweeting, doing facebook and myspace. My reasons include that people should go out more, hang out with real people, and spend time with their families. Most kids should get out and about, like my friend @PERSON3 spends @NUM1 hours a day! On his computer, not out yet. Another example is my neighbor @PERSON2 spending all day! Playing on his computer in his basement, never going out, since he went out, he's been sunny, he's @NUM2 now, he still doesn't go out, it's because he spends a lot of time on the computer. Second, people should play with real people. For example, there is a kid named @CAPS2 who always plays with virtual people, never real people, and now he is very shy with real people, he can't even say a word. Another example is @CAPS3, he has only real friends, never had real friends, and he was frustrated because he never had a best friend. Third, you should spend time with your family. There's a guy named @CAPS4 who never spends time with his family because he's too busy writing emails, @PERSON1 says kids who don't interact with them don't get the same benefits as kids who interact with them. Another example has a family who are obsessed with computers, the children never meet their grandparents, and when the grandparents die, the children never see them again because they would rather play on the computer. In the end, people should go out more, play with real people, and visit family there, and then if you want to play on the computer, then after reading all these examples, go ahead.
Many people use computers. Some agree that it benefits society, while others disagree. Some experts believe that people spend too much time on the computer and less time for exercise, outdoor play and family time. I think differently, computers help us with hand-eye coordination at work, keep in touch with family and friends, and computers help us understand different things. Computers help us do many things, but the most important thing is work. Many jobs use computers. In order to get a job with a computer, you need the hand-eye coordination that computers teach us. Computer readiness is a skill we need when we get a job. Computers are very helpful. Computers also help us stay in touch with family and friends. @PERSON2 @CAPS1 of @LOCATION1 says if we don't have computers, @CAPS2 won't be able to see her niece and nephew open their Christmas presents @CAPS2 got them. @CAPS2 won't see her nephew take the first step either. "Technology is great" @CAPS2 explained to me. @CAPS2 loves to keep in touch with family through the computer. Computers can also help young children to older adults learn new things. Computers hold a lot of information, and many people learn things on the Internet that they have never heard of. My sister @PERSON1 learned how to read on a computer. @CAPS2 is the highest reading level you can achieve in first grade. Computers are very helpful in learning new things. Computers can do many things, and they help us find jobs by teaching us hand-eye coordination. They can also help us stay in touch with our loved ones. Computers teach us interesting things like distant places and people. Computers are a wonderful thing in our society. Experts, they have no reason to worry about more and more people using computers, which is a good thing.
In the world we live in now, everything has become technological. In my personal opinion, this is a good thing. Using computers is very helpful to our society. They give people the opportunity to study things quickly and easily, they protect trees, and they're a great way to communicate with people. First, computers are great for research, not books that waste trees. A few years ago, kids would get a school program in a country and the library would come to mind. But now it's the computer. Of course books are helpful, but so is the internet, and it makes finding the information you want to book faster and easier. You can learn about a place with the click of a button before visiting, and learn about places far away. It's really amazing. Second, using computers can save trees. With computers, we don't have to keep cutting down so many trees for books and paper. Another person can now sell their books online and people are able to read them properly. Honestly, there's really no reason to keep writing books. Even students can complete homework, tests and quizzes online! I think it's a miracle, it's amazing to see how much our world has changed in about @NUM1 years. Finally, computers are great for communicating with people who are far away. Some people have family members during the war that they haven't seen for months or even years. Using a computer, you can get the email delivered to that person as soon as it is sent. Or, you can even actually see the person through your webcam! It must be hard not to see your loved ones every day, which is why computers are so useful. Even those with family traveling or living in another state/country. Computers are very useful, especially with everything going on in the world today. With computers, we can research online, protect trees, and communicate with people from afar. So, in my opinion, computers do benefit society.
Dear local paper, I agree with those who support technological progress. I believe that computers have a positive impact on people because they can be used to learn, communicate and entertain. The first reason why computers have a positive impact on people is that it is educational. Many people think that computers are useless. Even though they can be used for many things like research! For example, if you are a student, @MONTH1 needs to do a project. Computers are easier to collect research than books. Another reason computers are educational is that you can use them to read. You can buy virtual books that you can read directly on your computer. Not only is this educational, but it also helps the environment because you'll save paper. Sometimes you @MONTH1 are just curious about something, your computer will work for you. Computers have another positive effect on people, and they can be used for communication. No one likes family from afar, but with a computer, you can communicate with family and friends from all over the world! The impact is positive because it helps everyone stay connected. Many people's lives are so busy that they don't have time to write letters or make phone calls. So instead of instant messages, these people can quickly and easily send emails to the people they need to talk to. Some experts worry that people are spending too much time on the computer and less time exercising, enjoying nature and interacting with friends and family. These experts don't realize that you can use a computer in place of friends and family. A computer is a lot of family things. You can watch movies together as a family or play multiplayer games together on your computer. Being on a computer is a positive because for example, when you do things on a computer as a family, it's safer to use the computer for entertainment than to do something entertaining. You and your family will face many dangers. I think there are many reasons why computers have a positive impact on people. Computers can be used for learning, communication and entertainment. These are just more of my main reasons. That's why I support technological advancement and behavioral computing to positively impact people.
Dear local newspaper, from my point of view computers are good for society and people because they help you to communicate with people from other places or your family or friends or meet people from other countries, you can be friends . They're also great because they help you build coordination with your eyes, and they're helpful because you can buy things online. First of all, I think people who can use computers can communicate with family members outside the county, or meet new people, and then become friends with you, you can even get to know them after getting to know them very well. You can even talk to your family from your computer, and you won't spend as much on expensive international calls. Second, computers are helpful because they help you coordinate your hands and eyes. This helps you because if you were a kid, you had a big project; you would be able to finish it on time. From your point of view, you can actually tell if I'm going because after the project is done, you can play on the patio or backyard with your friends and family. Hand coordination can help you develop mental vision. Third, using a computer is great because it helps you buy things online, a computer can help you buy clothes, shoes, cars, houses, etc., anything you need can be bought online. In conclusion, I think people should consider using the computer more often to buy things, meet people or coordinate body parts, don't you agree with me?
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, People have been using computers, but computers have always helped us in positive ways. Computers help us see @CAPS3 information, talk to people around the world, and buy things from our home. In the age of technology, the possibilities are endless. I have a cousin in @LOCATION1 and I talk to him via webcam @CAPS1 more than with @CAPS1 relatives anywhere else, in fact almost @CAPS2 soldiers talk to people coming home. The doctor even said that talking to someone back home would give soldiers more willpower to survive. Everyone goes to school, which means everyone has a program. In a project, kids want to know everything, so a good way to get information is to search your computer for @CAPS3 you're watching. There are trillions of websites on the computer, and people can do anything from humans to the present. Be a sports fan, @CAPS2 loves @CAPS3 for free online, @CAPS1 is a site like @CAPS5 and @CAPS6 so you can. If you like this song, go to @CAPS7, @ORGANIZATION2, lymewire or any other store to download to your @NUM1 or @CAPS8. During this time, I hope you learned more about computers and changed your mind. Even if @CAPS1 is the bad guy, a bad website doesn't mean a bad computer.
Who would have thought that computers could have an impact on people. People all over the world learn things on the computer every day. Of course, everyone learns and loves new things because of computers. @CAPS1 Even fun things to do on a computer. You can choose from many different music videos and music. @CAPS1 There are many ways to chat with people, like chatting over the phone on your phone. But @CAPS1 is also a computer, and @CAPS1 is so many ways to communicate with friends/family. @CAPS1 is also myspace, facebook and @CAPS2. Those @NUM1 are sites where you can continue to visit family/friends, but you can continue to visit other sites. But I also want to comment on something about computers. I learn about computers for fun. Sometimes you need a brake that you can't stay on the computer all the time. You must and need to exercise. You have to go out and enjoy nature. You should leave or ride a bike. You must understand that computers are good for learning, but not for everyday life. Computers are great for studying, but you should also get out for some fresh air.
For newspapers, computers are clearly a social need. They can be used as valuable learning tools, help communicate, and teach skills that will last a lifetime. There are many reasons why students like me use computers a lot. Our teachers also encouraged us to use computers. All projects require research. For example, last week I researched constitutional amendments among social students. I went to @ORGANIZATION1 - and stored my project on the death penalty on @NUM1, which is unusual. I found from this database that not only is this all legal for this reason, but @LOCATION1 has permission from the International Human Rights Council. No internet, instantly carry the latest. I now have to go and find the latest information on the bank that has been released recently enough to bear this important fact. The same information can be found in just five minutes using a computer, and taking over two houses would be more expensive. The Internet can provide millions of websites and photos of all kinds of toys faster than any other method. In addition to research, the school uses computers for typing. This is easier than an instructor and provides useful tools like spell checking. Plus, with the Internet, you get all the communication advantages of using a computer. Email, @CAPS1, @CAPS2, and @CAPS3 are just @NUM2 of the frequently used websites on your computer that make talking with friends and family easier and faster than ever. Last time @DATE1 my friend was on a business trip @NUM3 weeks and she misses him so much @CAPS4 Mom made @CAPS4 her able to call. It comforts @CAPS4 not to see @CAPS4 for @NUM4 days while still being very fast. Computers allow people to instantly interact with other people, even if they can't be with that person for some reason. This communication element is very important, as is how they will help in the future. Many jobs involve using a computer and mastering how to use a computer. It needs to have many advantages. We don't have to worry about learning in life if we already know how to use them. Also in the near future, computers will be used in high schools and colleges to help with dissertation research and tomorrow, it will be faster and easier for us if we know how to do these things. Ultimately, the benefit if it can be read is the counter. As you can see, computers and the internet can do any good for social schools, they can be used for many projects and studies. When face-to-face is ultimately not possible, people can talk to others virtually, and it can help manage the future. In short, comparative use is encouraged.
Dear Newspaper @CAPS1, With computers so popular now, it's easy to think that they are helpful and have a positive impact on the people who use them. However, I do believe that computers have more harmful effects than good effects on the people who use them. I believe this is for @NUM1 reasons. One, they deprive people of time with real people, they make people get less exercise, and they are very distracting and a waste of time. One reason I don't think computers have a positive effect on people is that time spent on computers can be put to better use by doing things with family and friends. People are now using social networking sites like @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 to talk to people from afar. People can spend hours communicating with people they will never meet and completely ignore people who care and love them. Communicating with people online can also be dangerous because the person you're messaging may not be who they say they are. Overall, setting out with real people and actually taking the time creates memories that you will cherish for the rest of your life. This feeling will never happen over the internet. Another reason I think computers have a bad effect on their users is that regular computer use causes many people to lack exercise. People who use computers for a long time just sit still. They are not active. The only action that happens on the computer is the tiny flick of your finger when you click the mouse button. This is clearly not enough to maintain a healthy and happy lifestyle. Research shows that since the invention of computers, especially young people, they have become less physically active. I'm sure this will continue to get worse if people continue to spend most of their time on their computers. I think the third reason why computers negatively affect people is because they are distracting and waste time. An example of this is when I was doing research online for a school project and I saw an ad for a site that looked interesting. When I clicked on it, I was taken to a website full of interesting stories and pictures. I spent the next half hour reading the entry on that site, completely forgetting about my project. When I realized what I had done, I rushed through my research and ended up with an even worse grade. I'm sure I'd get it if I wasn't distracted by doing other things on the computer. That's why I don't think computers have a good effect on the people who use them. They spend less time with family and friends, leading to less physical activity. They waste time and are distracting.
Dear local @CAPS1, @CAPS2 people have been using computers for years. But @CAPS3 is good for health. Does not take into account the influence of teens on the Internet. if you need information. We have a lot of great books. If we need to communicate, we have a phone. We need to go out and exercise. @CAPS3 Computer is another reason America @CAPS3 is getting fat? First, teens can do harmful things to themselves or others on the Internet. People invented facebook and myspace. In the United States, almost every teen has their own Facebook. Did you know that there is cyberbullying right now? People shame others on the internet. How do we know that this person is talking to @CAPS3 who he/she says he/she @CAPS3? Teens leak a lot of information about themselves, and some go missing in the act. The Internet @CAPS3 is a powerful weapon, but can teens harness that power? Next, though the computer @CAPS3 is a handy device. @CAPS3 We have something called a book that isn't real. We can't believe everything @CAPS3 says on the computer. We can get everything we need and more from books. People lived in the Middle Ages without computers but with books. why we can. Are we getting lazy to do things like get up and read a book. Finally, if we seek to communicate, then why not simply text or call. We went through all the hassle of opening and opening pages just to chat online. We become lazy because we have all the equipment we need at home. Sure it's a good thing, but don't forget a bad thing. It seems computers @CAPS3 is another reason America is getting fat. We need to get up for a walk, hang out with friends, and do sports. But how can we do this when we are addicted to computers. It's like a powerful drug. In the end, I think computers are bad for us. Teenagers with the power of facebook. When we have books, false and dangerous information. Finally, our own health. At this point I ask you, @CAPS3 is this computer worth everything we think @CAPS3 is? No, @CAPS3 not.
Dear Newspaper, @CAPS1 Over the years, the streets have become less crowded and people are exercising and enjoying nature. Is this a good thing or a bad thing? Technology has advanced so far, so staying at home and in front of a computer may be better than a walk in the park. Computers have really had a positive impact on people because they have ads that encourage exercise, travel and enjoy nature, and computers allow people to interact anywhere in the world. First, there are great ads all over the computer. Some ads talk about joining a gym and working out. Research shows that <@PERCENT1@NUM1> kids without computers don't get enough exercise, while kids with computers only @PERCENT1 don't get enough exercise. These statistics show that computers are better for people's health than people think. Second, computers have more advertising that encourages people to travel the world. By doing this, people's intelligence increases as they learn new facts about new places. Also, people are happier because they like to travel. In the end, people's jobs will benefit because their businesses depend on the advertisements they post on the internet. Finally, the technology used in today's computers allows people to talk to friends almost anywhere in the world on a computer. Social networking sites like facebook allow people to see photos of places their friends have been to. Webcams allow people to talk face-to-face about the new gym they've joined. <@PERCENT1@NUM2> say their social life is better online than in public, when their friends may not be there to talk. My conclusion is that computers have a positive effect on people because they have ads that encourage people to exercise, they encourage travel, and computers allow people to talk anywhere in the world. Technology exists to make the world a happier, healthier, and more social place. This is why computers have had a very positive impact on people all over the world.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 Our primeval forest is growing back, service takes seconds to find almost any answer to any question. What could be causing this phenomenon. The answer is computers. These electronic marvels help us and our planet in many ways. Because they are environmentally friendly, efficient and informative. You @MONTH1 are asking yourself how computers are green. Well, for starters, they help slow down paper waste. Did you know that @LOCATION1 kills about 1 million trees a year. Computers help prevent this from happening in a number of ways. For example, don't send a police chief a brief letter asking what the new driving laws are. You can email and save the paper. Also, if you want newspaper staff to interview people who survived the power plant explosion, you can send them an email and instruct the Survivor's House to distribute the map separately. So now you see how eco-friendly computers are. My next reason is efficiency. My Dell laptop @CAPS2 home takes about @NUM1 minutes to load, @NUM3 seconds to get online, and @NUM4 seconds to go to another web page. So say I want to know how many legs a centipede has (and parents don't know) it takes @NUM5 minutes to get to the library without a computer, @NUM6 minutes to find a parking space, @NUM4 minutes to find a book about centipedes. It takes at least @NUM8 minutes in total, but my computer only needs @NUM1 minutes @NUM10 seconds. Also, if you want to ask a friend what she was doing on @DATE1. I only need a few seconds to send an email and she responds quickly since she's most likely on the computer. My third reason is because the computer is loaded with information, @CAPS2 @CAPS3 library I might find @NUM4 books about sudject, but on the computer I @MONTH1 find a thousand books. Once I was doing a presentation on monarch butterflies. @CAPS2 @CAPS3 library I found @NUM12 books about them and on the internet I found @NUM13 wedding websites! Books also have general information, like @CAPS5 Life, but there is specific information on the internet, and @CAPS5 is partly in the environment. As you know by now, computers can help not only humans but also the environment because they are environmentally friendly, efficient and informative.
Dear newspaper, I believe that computers have a positive impact on society. I believe that computers have a positive impact because they help us understand distant places, help us communicate with friends and family around the world, and computers help people entertain. Computers have a positive impact on society because on it you can learn about distant places, their histories, and their landscapes. By learning these things, you can do a lot of things like plan vacations, this information can help you with your school report, this information can also help you understand your heritage and culture. Computers also have a positive role and are good for society as they help you communicate with friends and family all over the world! You can communicate with anyone you know. Today, everyone uses computers as their primary means of communication. A study shows that @PERCENT1 people in the world own a computer as a communication tool. Finally, computers are good for society because they entertain us. On a computer, you can do a lot without ever getting bored. You can play games, surf the web, and watch videos on networks like youtube. So you will never get bored on the computer. Computers are beneficial and have a positive impact on society. Computers help us learn about distant places, it allows us to communicate with friends and family around the world, and finally computers entertain us. This is why computers are good for society.
I don't think computers are as beneficial to society as everyone thinks they are. When people spend most of their time on the computer, they don't have time to spend with their families, people don't exercise enough on the computer, which causes them to be clumsy, and you @MONTH1 met a bad guy somewhere you Meet on facebook or myspace. These are the main reasons why computers cannot benefit society. The number one reason a computer is useless is that you need some time to spend with your family. But when you're on your computer 24-7, you have absolutely no time for family and friends. I believe families need to have dinner together and have at least an hour with each other. Some great ways to spend time with your family are to play games together, go for a walk, or even ride a bike together. Did you know that computers have a moderate impact on how people become obese? If you are at school from seven to thirty and you spend seven hours on the computer after school, you will get fatter because you have absolutely no time to exercise. When you only eat and don't exercise, your body doesn't burn off all the fat you eat. While you are using your computer, you may continue to visit facebook or myspace. On these chat sites, you can arrange to go somewhere with people you don't even know. If you meet them, they could be killers, kidnappers or rapists. Therefore, you may be killed or injured by the computer. That's why if you have a computer, email is the absolute safest way to chat online. These are the main reasons why computers are not useful to society. Also, you @MONTH1 don't spend enough time with family or friends, you may get fat because you don't have "time" to exercise, and you may be kidnapped via facebook or myspace by people you don't even know. What would you think if you didn't have time with your family, you were good, and got kidnapped for meeting someone you thought was nice through facebook or even myspace?
Dear local newspaper, a computer is a very unique and advanced piece of equipment. They provide entertainment, pleasure and knowledge to some people. I disagree with the fact that computers are an important part of society. Although you do need a computer. I say this for a few reasons. Typing is faster and cleaner than handwriting. With all the different websites you can advertise and buy important stuff on the internet and talk to people from all over the world. With all these good reasons, it's time to pick them up right away. But there is one main reason. The area says it sucks. Computers are for people. People can't get out of the car to write a handwritten report or drive to the store to buy something. no. If computers were never exiled, the world would undoubtedly be a better place. There are many reasons why computers fail. The information they hold can be hacked, and there are certain things you don't want to know. Cyberbullying is a bad thing for computers. Another big one is those stupid online games. People get addicted, then they get lazy and eventually get fat. So as I said before, part of society, it should be. It's important to me if you put my letter in there. Remember, computers can use your life to make you inhuman. In making this decision I hope you live a full life and enjoy reading my letters. PS Try not to get involved in any online games that are popular across the country.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 Editor, I recently saw the news you want to know on channel @NUM1. Computers affect people. In the past, everyone had a computer and gained knowledge from it. @PERCENT1 in @CAPS3 polled by @CAPS3 @CAPS4 agrees that computers help us. In my opinion, computers have a positive effect on people. The first reason is that computers teach hand-eye coordination. Without this coordination, people cannot survive. Users are quickly over. Computers allow us to use these muscles so we can live happily. @PERCENT1 of @CAPS3 recently conducted a survey at @CAPS3 @CAPS4 and agreed that computers are the primary source of hand-eye coordination. Dr. @DR1, an expert in human relations, said: "People without computers can't do what others can. They can't have fast reaction times." In conclusion, computers help with hand-eye coordination. The second reason is that computers allow us to understand distant places. When you can't look up to understand places, you're not about them. If you know their time in the world, you're in luck. Computers allow you to find these places. You might consider going there for vacation or giving a presentation. Among adults surveyed in public libraries, @PERCENT2 said computers helped. They contain much more information than books. All in all, computers can give you insight into far-flung places. The third reason is that computers allow you to talk to people online. This expands your friend-to-people relationship. You can talk on the computer, not just at school. It also allows you to meet new and different people. You can talk to people in @LOCATION1 who don't have a computer to talk to. Computers allow you to be open to everyone. @PERCENT1 Parents polled in @ORGANIZATION1 say they want their kids to learn about different cultures. They need computers to do this task. All in all, computers allow you to talk to people online. In conclusion, computers have a positive impact on people. The reason is to teach hand-eye coordination, understand distant places, and talk to people online. I strongly urge you to study any opinions carefully. The decision is now up to you.
@CITY1 @CAPS1, a computer is a very useful device. Without them, life would be hard. Not only useful, but fun and easy to use! I believe computers have a huge impact on people because you can keep in touch with family and friends, go to school websites and use search engines. Friends and family are very important in people's lives. Computers can help you keep in touch with them! My most used @NUM1 apps are @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS2 and @CAPS3. @ORGANIZATION1 is a free online application that you can download to your computer, add your friends and video chat! Using it, I keep in touch with my @CAPS4, my moving friends, and even friends from @LOCATION2! @CAPS2 (@ORGANIZATION3 instant messenger) is where you can message your friends and get instant replies! Just like text messages, only through the computer. Finally, @CAPS3 is a website where you can add friends from all over the world! I'm friends with many family members I don't see often, a friend who moved to @LOCATION3, and many others who have moved! @CAPS3, @CAPS2 and @ORGANIZATION1 are great ways to keep in touch with others! When you come home from school sick and need make-up classes, instead of calling your friends in every class, visit the school's web page! All teachers should have their own website where you can get it. On their page, they should post homework, quiz/test schedule, favorite links, projects, and their email addresses. I find it helpful because you can email your teacher even if you don't understand your assignment! The school website not only has teacher pages, but also lunch menus, upcoming events, school addresses and phone numbers, and more! Going to school can be much harder without a website. Do you have a question that no one knows the answer to? www.Google.com solves all problems! You can find web pages, videos, pictures, translations and more. Google is not the only search engine on the internet, there are @CAPS6, @ORGANIZATION2!, @LOCATION4, @CAPS7, @LOCATION1 and more. These can all help you find answers, pictures, videos, and more! I use these a lot to find pictures of school projects, web pages for research, translators checking my Spanish homework, and videos to show my friends! Life would be much harder if we didn't have search engines. As you know, computers are useful, simple, and fun to use. People love them and use them all the time. I hope you agree with the huge impact computers have on people! The easiest way to keep in touch with family and friends, get a good education and find answers in a click!
Dear newspaper, computers have a huge impact on society, can you imagine where we would be without them? They are great for communicating, studying and shopping. Computers have a great impact on people. Communication with colleagues, family and friends is nearly impossible without a computer. Social networking sites like @CAPS1, @CAPS2, @CAPS3 and @CAPS4 play a huge role in everyday life. These are the sites you use to get information about others to make weekend plans. Do you think your kids are overusing the intranet? Today, this is how they communicate with their peers. It makes them more social, an important quality in life. Also, I don't know your situation, but I have spoken to many people all over the world over the internet. It gives you the opportunity to experience other cultures. Before computers, communication was definitely not that easy. @MONTH1 Seems hard to believe, but you can learn a ton of @MONEY1 stuff from the internet. This @MONTH1 includes understanding people. How would you video chat with someone without @CAPS5 or @ORGANIZATION2? You can learn a lot about a person from a face-to-face conversation that a cell phone can't do. Also, school research cannot be done without the internet. In a recent survey, @NUM1 out @MONEY1 @NUM2 teens said they used a search engine site like @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS6 or @ORGANIZATION3 at least once a day, @CAPS7 out @MONEY1 those @NUM1 said they went to school. Without these search engines, kids wouldn't do well at school. Clearly, computers provide a wealth of everyday research and learning. @MONTH1 Sounds ridiculous, but on @DATE2, @PERCENT1 @MONEY1 shopping is done on the internet. If someone wants to start a business, their first stop is usually the internet. With the help of the @MONEY1 computer, people are making @MONEY1 every year. People find it easiest to buy things with a mouse click on @MONEY1. It's easier than messing with @MONEY1's crowded malls and long lines. Also, do you remember when @CAPS8 @DATE1 was setting an alarm for @NUM4 @CAPS9? Well, how do people shop online at @CAPS10, there are hundreds or even thousands of @MONEY1 sites offering great sales. Now think about what it would be like to buy items without the internet. It's not a good image, is it? As you know, computers have greatly impacted our lives. Communication, learning, and even shopping have become much easier. A lot of @MONTH1 don't think owning a computer is bad, but the good aspects overshadow those.
I support technological progress, especially in computing. Using a computer can teach hand-eye coordination, make you aware of distant places or people, and give you the opportunity to converse with other people online. Hand-eye coordination is a very important skill. It can speed up reactions in everyday life. Sports such as baseball, football or basketball especially require hand-eye coordination. Without a computer, many people would lack hand-eye coordination. If you are driving a car on a highway and suddenly a car swerves the wrong way and comes towards you, you need to react quickly. Without hands and eyes, you could die. Using a computer may one day save your life. If someone wants to go to a foreign country but doesn't know anything about it, he might lose it on the internet. The internet is a major part of owning a computer. Without it, one might not be able to easily research a country or learn about others. Some people @MONTH1 think that excessive computer use will limit people to exercise, which is true in some cases, but if you want to know something, having a computer is very useful. Like who won an election, or who won a sports championship. Computers are a necessity in almost every household. Computers give people the opportunity to chat with other people online. Some they @MONTH1 met in real life, some they met online. It extends people's interactive lives and helps them make new friends. While it's a good thing to have access to, it's still important to meet people face-to-face, not socialize online. Some people have trouble talking to people face-to-face and are more comfortable chatting on a computer. Maybe this person can make a friend and meet them in real life one day. This @MONTH1 is dangerous for young people, so be careful. I support the advancement of computer technology because it gives people greater responsiveness, gives people the opportunity to study far-flung places, and gives people access to the internet to chat with people online. Here are three huge advantages that using a computer brings to people.
In modern society, @CAPS3 rarely encounters people who don't know basic computer operation. According to a statistical project on youtube dubbed "Transformed", most of the kids in @LOCATION1, who are actually @PERCENT1, used computers by the age of four. While it can be argued that @CAPS3 computers are bad, I strongly disagree. Computers are one of the best technological advancements made by humans. They help educate, reconnect, and sometimes even benefit the environment. I wonder why people disagree, and I hope after reading this, you will too. My school has three computer labs, each with about twenty-five computers, one library has twenty computers, and each teacher has two computers in their classrooms. When I look at these numbers and add to my knowledge of other @CAPS1 school computers, it's clear to me @CAPS3 that computers are helpful to the education system. Many teachers allow students to research projects with the click of a button. There are websites that allow students out of school to get their homework for the next day. Additionally, teachers can place their gradebooks in their drives. This saves paper and ensures the accuracy of the final grade. As a student, I think computers have greatly improved schools in many ways, but mainly in the above areas. At some point in our lives, we all get old and want to reconnect with old friends. Thanks to the computer, the process of reconnecting is much easier. Social networks like facebook, twitter and @CAPS2 are great for finding your friends in the @DATE1 camp. Let's say you've connected with someone and you've just found out that you've been promoted. You want to call, but you don't know the phone number, but you know the email address. Email messages instantly to anywhere. (Ask for a phone number when you're at @CAPS3!) @CAPS3 is always a pleasure to chat with old friends. Computer Help @LOCATION1 makes this easier. My friend recently bought a Sony laptop . Not only does she love the features, but she loves that @CAPS3 is an Energy Star, or eco-friendly. Now, computers have gone green in the battle for the environment. Online encyclopedias, newspapers, journals, etc. save paper. Not only that, but computers require less and less power. You save green, be green! Today's society is not only helping nature in our actions, but also in computers. In my opinion, computers are helping @LOCATION1, not hurting @LOCATION1. They help with education, social reconstruction and the environment. We must be kind to the advances and miraculous inventions known as computers.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1, don't you agree that computers should be limited or not used often? Recently, I have noticed that computers have a negative impact on society. Without a doubt, I firmly believe that computing should be a hobby, not an addiction. People are spending more time on the computer and less time exercising and interacting with family and friends. Most teens are involved in cyberbullying that takes place on a computer. People spend a lot of time on the computer and less time exercising. I remember my stepmom @PERSON1 having a size six waist. @PERSON1 works out for two hours every day after get off work. That all changed when my dad bought her a lime green @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS2 laptop for her birthday. @PERSON1 quickly became addicted to @CAPS3 (computer games) and started cutting back on her exercise routine. Six months later, when she went to the doctor, she found she had gained more than ten pounds. @PERSON1 now has a waist size of fourteen. Research shows that @PERCENT1 people gain weight because they exercise less so they have more computer time. Most people spend a lot of time on the computer and very little time interacting with family and friends. This reminds me of my stepdad @PERSON4. When @PERSON4 comes home from get off work, he usually goes straight to the computer instead of talking to his family. He gets mad when @PERSON2 (@NUM1 yr old) bothers him because he wants to play. @PERSON4 is usually online. From three to ten, play chess with strangers from all over the world. What he doesn't know is that when he is in a relationship with a stranger, he is destroying the bond between him and the one he loves. Teens at @PERCENT2 engaged in cyberbullying. This reminds me of my cousin @PERSON3. Last time @DATE1, @PERSON3 became a member of @CAPS4 @CAPS2 and iTrouble quickly started looking for her. In other words, girls between the ages of thirteen and twenty began to send messengers to threaten her. No later than a day when @PERSON3 was walking down the street, a group of girls danced her. However, she survived the brutal attack and deleted her @CAPS4 account. In conclusion, I am a firm believer that people shouldn't spend too much time on a computer. My three arguments are cyberbullying, less exercise and less interaction with family and friends, @CAPS7 takes my advice seriously and bans computer use.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 has brought to the attention of @CAPS2 and we are discussing whether the weather or computers are good for society. Well, if you ask me, I think @CAPS1 can. On the one hand, computers are helpful for entertainment. Second, they are very informative. Finally, computers can reduce the stress of life. In the following paragraphs, I will explain the @CAPS2 reasoning. First, computers provide entertainment. Now I understand why people say we should get out and exercise more, but what should we do on a rainy day? Well, you can go to the computer! Plus, computers are fun for kids and make them happy, not at times. Another reason computers are great is that they can motivate children. Let's say your kid really wants to play a new game on his favorite site, but his homework isn't done, you can tell him that if he's done, he can play it on the computer. Also, you can give him a time limit for @CAPS1. Lastly, for kids in their teens or older, they are more sociable than small children. They continue to do things like this; Twitter, Facebook and my space. Computers may be the @NUM1 or @NUM2 way they communicate. Unfortunately. Some people abuse these rights and people get in trouble. But the good thing is that you can customize the page so this doesn't happen. Anyway, kids became more social. Second, computers are informational. They can tell you a lot by touching the keyboard and clicking the mouse. You can search the world for someone or something. If you want to learn about motherhood and how to prepare for @CAPS1, just check out @CAPS1 and do what you have to do. Also, if you discover something new to tell people, you can spread knowledge. Third, computers can reduce stress. Which page or @NUM3 pages would you rather enter? Well, I can type! Computers keep things organized, so it's easier for @CAPS1 to find things. @CAPS1 also makes it easier for @CAPS1 to find things, like files, because you can perform operations on "@CAPS2 documents" and find @CAPS1. As you can set up computers are an important part of our lives. Can you imagine a world without computers? I definitely can't! So far, I've said that computers are entertaining, informative, and stress-relieving. I hope you consider @CAPS2 letter.
I agree with many, but good for society. Computers can be used as learning tools and can communicate with family and friends far away. Finally, computers allow you to do things in your free time, like play games. First off, I know a lot of people think other people are wasting their time on the computer. But most computer users see computers as tools for learning and getting work done. One can visit many educational websites to learn about any desired topic. If you want to know more about different cultures like @CAPS1 @CAPS2. There are websites out there that can tell you everything you want to know. Computers also help get work done. There are multiple programs designed to make it easier to write a paper or provide information @MONTH1 People use these programs to make progress in their work, and by using these programs to present facts more easily, it's hard for you to lose and work because it have been saved to the computer. Second, computers are a great way for many people to pass their free time. Many websites are designed just for this. Some allow you to play games, others let you watch videos made by others, and some @MONTH1 spend a lot of time on so many offers, know to moderate and spread their time, and even other sites use to describe important issues Hard video, for example, the president offers a lot of video via @CAPS4 videos because people use computers more than they watch TV. Finally, computers are a great way to communicate with friends and family from afar. There are many ways to do it, such as email or many social networking sites. My family is an immigrant from another country, my family. Consider it a valuable tool for talking to our family, and I'm sure there are many others who use computers in this way. People also connect and stay connected with good friends through @CAPS4. I use @CAPS3-mail to keep in touch with many of my friends that I didn't cry, my parents also found their friends who were long lost before we moved through facebook I also allow people to exchange important ideas faster than a letter. Many scientists use @CAPS4 to publish ideas and experiments. In the end, I agree with those who grieve that computers are good for society, computers help society by being a tool for learning and getting work done, passing free time and viewing important information, and finally, computers allow communication with very distant family members.
Dear newspaper, I don't think when kids or even adults have computers, they don't use them for valid reasons. When people get computers, they spend more time in and on them. They need to go outside and exercise. Even small things, if you go to a friend's house, go there for a jog rather than a bike ride. When people spend more time on the computer than talking to your friends, they become less social and won't know how to communicate with people after a while. All they have to do is set a time limit on their computer, otherwise they can only use it for work. Computers can also be used to do good things. If you have a school project that requires typing on a computer or looking up pictures on the internet, then computers will be a great resource. If your job is to use or repair computers, you spend a lot of time on your computer. It also lets you interact with people on the other side of the world. You can also learn interesting facts or locations. Computers can also be used for bad reasons. When people use it, they can use it to play this cool new video game they got. This can cause them to become obese. They can also use it to stalk others for sexual harassment. People can also use it for scary things like selling or buying drugs or illegal items. As you can see, computers are not secure in many ways. I hope you will read and understand all the important facts explaining my reasons and consider them. Thank you and have a nice day.
Dear local paper, I think computers have a bad effect on people because they don't have time to exercise, spend less time with friends and family, and can have a bad effect on young children. Below are my detailed reasons. The most important reason why computers have bad effects on people is that the time they spend on the computer can be used to exercise to keep fit. For example, my mom runs @NUM1 miles every day and still has time to use the computer. If you use computer @NUM2 it sucks, but if you use it in moderation it's a little better. For example, my mom asked me to play with the computer, but she @CAPS1 made me go outside and run around @CAPS1 People always talk about obesity and computers are one way it happens to children and adults. They just sit at the computer and do nothing, while on the other hand, they can be outside. This is my second reason. The next most important thing is that children and adults will not have time to spend time with their families and share memories with them. My mom always told me that the best part of your childhood is making memories with the people you love. My friends and I like to go outside to the playground and act like a kid, but it makes us laugh and people say laughing makes you happy and healthy. This is my last reason. The last and most important reason is that it can give young children the wrong idea. For example, I have @NUM1 sisters who like to play with the computer and some sites are not suitable for young children. One site might be @CAPS2 because bad guys post videos and then little kids might see it and get the wrong idea. This is my conclusion. In conclusion, I think computers have a bad effect on people because they spend less time staying healthy and spending less time with friends and family, which gives kids the wrong idea. I hope I get what I mean, they suck.
Dear @CAPS1, I want to tell the public that using a computer is not that bad. I think the number one thing that makes computers better is because we can meet these people through @CAPS2, yahoo, @ORGANIZATION1, or gmail. For example, we can meet someone from @LOCATION1 and learn about his or her culture or beliefs. The second reason I think computers can help people is that if someone doesn't have @CAPS3 or a newspaper, he or she can get @CAPS4 news through nbc.com or fox.com and still be able to understand the world.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 How many people in the world do you think own a computer and think it has a positive effect on them? @PERCENT1 of the world says that computers are a great way to communicate with friends, family and different people all over the world. They also now mention that it has great hand-eye coordination for both adults and students. A great educational resource for school, work, and more. First of all, the reason I say it's a great way to communicate is because computers have memorized their programs, which are little numbers in the universe to connect with your friends, family, and people around the planet. For example, like yahoo, facebook, twitter, myspace, etc, these are all ways to communicate with people and bring more socialization, which is a healthy lifestyle. More than half of the world has these sources of communication because it's easier and you get more ideas. Another reason they @MONTH1 have these connections might be because it's a better way to see each other if you live in different parts of the planet. The reason I say this is another way of looking at people around the world is because I now live in @LOCATION1, to see people I love and care about, my space and facebook to be able to see mine like @LOCATION2, @ LOCATION4, @LOCATION3 and more family and friends of lice who live in different locations than mine. Another reason is because it is great for eye coordination in both adults and students.
When you use a computer, you can virtually do anything. With millions of users, the internet makes life easier. You can talk to people all over the world! You can search on any topic and learn more about it. The internet even encourages you to get out there and see for yourself. In @DATE1, connecting with someone in @LOCATION1 is as easy as connecting with someone on the other side of town. As long as oyu has an internet connection, you can keep in touch with your friends who are moving on a business trip, anyone! Some @MONTH1 say you should just use the phone, but you can use video chat over the internet. You can see people thousands of miles away as if they were right in front of you. Not staying in touch is harder these days than staying in touch. @NUM1 or @NUM2 years ago, any information you needed came from a book. You have to go all the way to the library, find the right book, and read it. If you're lucky, you can find something you're looking for. Today, you can just type it into your search browser and you'll instantly get thousands of websites on the topic. The Internet allows you to learn about any subject you like. You can cost @CAPS1 experts, or have someone spend too much time on their computer. Seeing all these great places and beautiful pictures encourages @CAPS1 folks to get outside and see for themselves. In a recent poll, folks at @PERCENT1 started hiking after watching a youtube video about the beauty of the great outdoors. The Internet has had a huge impact on us. It can also reunite families. For example, at dinner, you can get great recipes from the internet. In fact, you can get millions of awesome recipes. The Internet is an amazing idea. @CAPS1 would argue that this is the greatest invention of all time. Yes, it can be dangerous, but if not misused, the internet is a great source of information and @CAPS2 pass. A few decades ago, being able to see and talk to someone this far seemed impossible. Getting information has never been easier. We are fortunate to live in an age where the internet is at our fingertips.
Dear @CAPS1 post, I know people spend a lot of time at the computer and not outside. People are becoming more and more addicted to computers. People spend a lot of time at the computer because they are addicted to it, overweight, and don't get any exercise. I tell you we need to fix this. People are already addicted to computers. @PERSON1 said that @NUM1 people use computers on @DATE1, and @DATE2 has nearly @NUM2 million people using computers, which is a big increase over the past few years. People are becoming more and more addicted thanks to facebook, twitter and more computer websites. Yale said that in @DATE3 there were only @NUM3 thousand people on Facebook, and in @DATE4 there were more than @NUM4 million people using facebook, I don't know yoe, but it seems like a computer addiction to me. People are gaining weight. One of the reasons for this is computer addiction, people just sit in front of the computer and eat and eat until they are overweight and unhealthy. Dr. @PERSON2 says the average person has gained @NUM3 lbs over the past @NUM5 years as a result of sitting in front of a computer to eat. Doctors say they can't do anything with people's weight unless they turn off all the computers they don't think is possible. People get fat just by sitting and doing nothing all day. Exercise is a key part of staying healthy. Sitting in front of the computer and eating, you don't get the exercise you need, so people get fat. Dr @PERSON3 said people need to be aware of the problem. Dr @PERSON3 also said that in the past @NUM7 years people have been less physically active @PERCENT1 and that's why people are getting fat. He also said it was due to sitting in front of the computer and eating. People don't get exercise because of computers. I tell you this is a big problem that we need to solve. People are increasingly addicted to computers, overweight, and not exercising. Please @CAPS1 post to listen, it's a question, but it's your decision.
Dear local paper, I feel that the negative effects of computers on people far outweigh the positive effects. Computers are causing a lot of obesity in @LOCATION1 and the number is growing every day. Computers can also be time-consuming, and people can spend hours or even days at the computer without doing anything else. Finally, computers can be dangerous for many children and can even lead to death. I think computers are too harmful to society and should be stopped. Obesity is the biggest problem in @LOCATION1 @CAPS4 and it's getting bigger every day. More than @PERCENT1 in the population of @LOCATION1 are obese and computers are a major contributor. Put yourself in the mind of a computer addict. It's dinner time and you're hungry, but you don't want to waste too much time on the computer. You rush to the nearest fast food restaurant and get yourself a cheeseburger, fries and soda. Then you go back to your house and eat food on your computer. Not only is fast food bad for you, but you don't even give your body a chance to burn @CAPS7 the calories and carbs you just ate through your workout. Computer addicts do this almost every day, and before they know it, they are. @NUM1 pounds! Also, people with good hand-eye coordination can do this in other ways than just being on a computer, which contributes to a large portion of the obese population, but they can also be very time-consuming. People on computers waste a lot of timers. These people are on their computers for hours, sometimes without even realizing it. They said "@CAPS1, let me check my email. @CAPS1 look, I got @CAPS2! @CAPS1, let me change my @CAPS3 account." Another thing @CAPS4 and the madness of @CAPS7 , @NUM2 or @NUM3 hours have passed. Those who spend @CAPS7 days on the computer waste precious time with family, working out or finding true love. Time is precious in our lives and we can't waste time on the computer @CAPS7 days. Not only are they time-consuming, computers can also be dangerous. Children all over the country are killed, raped and bullied @CAPS7 onto computers. They leaked too much information by showing pictures of themselves on chat sites, and there was enough. They had a critical knock. Also, those who committed suicide for being bullied on @CAPS5. Cyberbullying is equally harmful. If not more harmful than constant bullying These kids suffered so much mental and emotional damage that they made bad decisions, including suicide and at school @NUM4. Also, there can be explicit content on @CAPS5, including pictures and videos that could hurt a child's young mind Computers are much more dangerous than they should be @CAPS7 computers in @CAPS7 are too risky, that's why they should Not very time consuming. Finally, they can be extremely dangerous to children. Because these should be banned by the @CAPS7 community @LOCATION1
Dear @CAPS1 local paper, I heard you care about people and how they use computers. I think having a computer is a good thing because a lot of people use it for school, work, etc. I think computers are great and a lot of people use them for research and resources. It's easier to use them when you're on vacation because you can see how many hotels there are, where restaurants are and what interesting places are there instead of calling/driving around. Computers are good for school because I think books are harder/longer to use than computers. Also, for questions, you can go to one of the sites where you asked the question, and many others may answer the question you're looking for. Also useful for work Most people use computers for work. They can put the taxes/documents on the computer there. Computers can also be used for entertainment. There is chat; Facebook games. I think computers are useful for a lot of things, but I also think some people spend too much time on them too. Computers are great, but you should also use other things like maps, books, etc. Many people can spend @NUM1 hours facebooking and gaming on their computer. I think it's important for people to go out and hang out with friends. During @DATE1, a lot of people spend their time on the computer because it's cold and sometimes snows. I don't think they should spend all their time on the computer because you don't just want to rely on electronics every time. I don't think the computer should be used a lot in @DATE2 because I think it's important to hang out with friends and family and the weather is nice. I think computers are very useful for mentoring, work, school work, but you shouldn't spend too much time on them. Electronics are not everything in life. Thanks for taking the time to read this and I hope you agree with me.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 I think computers are good for society although some people don't because they provide us a way to communicate, computers give us the ability to understand foreign people or places and computers There are many ways to help businesses. Computers are the most things in society. Computers give us a way to communicate, like @CAPS4, @CAPS5, @CAPS6-mail, and more. Without computers, far-flung families can talk at the touch of a button. @CAPS5 Let's talk to our friends after school and plan what we're going to do that night. Long distance calls cost money, and @MONEY1 isn't worth it if you're calling every few days. Communication has evolved so much over the past @NUM1 years. The computer is just the most important thing. That's why computers are good for communication. Computers allow us to look up facts about foreign places and people in minutes. We can look up who @CAPS7 is in @LOCATION1, will get multiple sites on @CAPS7. Computers help us expand our ability to learn, giving us the opportunity to learn things we wouldn't normally learn. This is another reason why computers are so beneficial to society. A final reason in favor of the fact that computers are good for society is that computers help hold large amounts of data. Work data that helps our reporting business @PERCENT1 communicate with the rest of the company. I learned in class that work is much harder than it is now because of technology. Some people believe that the use of computers deprives people of opportunities to go out and exercise. Check your @CAPS6 mail or find something in just @NUM2 minutes. Computers are good for society because our lives would be much more complicated without them.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, I think we should have computers for great purposes. One reason is because there is more information on the Internet. Another reason is because there is some history on many different sites. My last reason is because you can use email to send messages to far away places. My first reason is that there is more information on the internet. For example, if you don't have a newspaper with you, but you have a laptop, you can get information this way. Did you know that more than @NUM1, @NUM2 people use laptops for information instead of games. Another example is if we get the newspaper every day but it doesn't have the article we are looking for and we use the internet. When we look for information on the Internet, you use yahoo, google and other websites for information you need. My second reason is to have some history on many different sites. For example, instead of going to a museum every day to learn about history, you can go to the website every day to learn about history! One day I had to do a project about @CAPS4 and I had four days to do it, you know what I did, I went to a historical site about @CAPS4. I got an A+ for my project. When people need history, the internet is always around them. My last reason is why not just use an email address if you're going to text someone far away. For example, you don't have to pay for an email address. It's actually free, and did you know that over NUM3 million people around the world use email addresses for texting other people. Creating one is very fast when you don't have an email address. You don't have to waste money texting someone on the other side of the world. In conclusion, I think we should have computers. One reason is that we have more information on the Internet. Another reason is because some sites have some history on them. My last reason is because you can use email to send messages to far away places. Thanks for reading this article.
New @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3 computers are good for society. Most people don't think so, but there are many reasons. People always have something to do when they're bored, there's a lot to learn, and it'll keep you organized. After reading this article, you will agree with me that computers are a benefit. Do you ever feel bored and have nothing to do? Well, if you have a computer by your side, there are endless things to keep you busy. People can talk to their friends and keep in touch with them. no matter how far they go. There are many sites with games that can be played. Any type of game is on the computer. You @MONTH1 are thinking, "I might be addicted to the game and never want to take my eyes off the screen. Well, in that case, you can always set a timer on it to give you a certain Time, but don't worry, it will warn you before it shuts down. Although the computer isn't all fun and games. It's full of knowledge, it's like the brains of @NUM1 scientists and mathematicians. If you have a school Assignment to write a paper about a famous person, you can study them on your computer to get information quickly. There will be many websites about that person. Also, there are daily news updates about what is going on in the world. You never Wouldn't have to worry about not knowing what's going on. Do you like to stay organized? Personally, I think it's easier to get through life and routine, knowing where things are and staying organized. Computers are a great way to stay organized. There are many programs out there that you can use to write documents, make diagrams and whatever you need to do. About <@PERCENT1@NUM2> people need computers to do their work and keep track of everything. @PERCENT1 has a bigger number of people. So, the thing about it , if you don't make computers then <@PERCENT1@NUM2> people won't have jobs or they'll have to put everything on paper, @MONTH1 will be a disaster. After a while you @MONTH1 want to pass Backup everything by copying all photos, files, music, etc. to @CAPS4 so you don't lose everything if your computer shuts down. After reading this, you don't agree with me that computers are good for society Yes? There are many more reasons, but this paper has many. I hope you have realized that the world would not be what it is today without computers. Thank you for your time.
Dear @PERSON1, I am writing a letter to discuss the fact that computers are having a negative impact on the average American, which is why people don't spend much time outside, lack exercise, and don't interact much with their families. Not spending too much time can have a big impact on nature. Like they will start not caring about our beautiful planet or pollution because if they spend time outside instead of turning on the air conditioner, they can save money to be with their friends. Lack of physical activity can be very bad for your health. Sitting in front of a computer all day doesn't exert its laziness. When you exercise, you feel good about yourself, your adrenaline starts to rise, you can stay healthy, and you don't have to worry about being unhealthy if you step away from the computer. When you're not interacting with your family and not having dinner together, one is on the computer and the others are watching @CAPS1. You may have frequent arguments with your family and don't want to have a healthy relationship. So why don't you encourage your family to sit at the table and discuss how your day is going. I stated why I think computers have a negative impact on people. I hope you agree with my reasons so we can find a way for everyone to have a computer and be active.
Don't you want to find @NUM1 star hotels or restaurants with the click of a button? I know I want to. So, for the good of society, should we continue to use computers, or do we exercise more without using them? Computers help us by doing work that must be done neatly. It also helps to get more useful things by accessing and browsing the internet. Computers are so smart that they don't just come in boring, heavy, boxed form. Computers are also found in some electronic products. If you go on vacation and forget to turn off the light, you can use your handheld to turn it off. Communicating on a computer is very easy. All you need is a computer (of course), a microphone or headphones, some speakers and special software. Once you have all this, you can connect with the rest of the world! Talk to a loved one or family member from your computer. You can also get a webcam if you want. The camcorder used on your computer. Then you can see other people's faces! And if you don't have any of what I just said, and text messages. Just use your computer keyboard to type and send messages. Your computer can do so much more. You can play brainless video games! Your computer must have the correct specs to play it. Of course it can be expensive
Dear newspaper, @CAPS1 do you have a computer? Of course you @CAPS1, this is where you get all the info you need. Computers are good and everyone should have one. Computers let you learn new things, and you can search for anything you want to know. It also allows you to communicate with your family, friends or others you need to communicate with. It also allows you to see disasters in other countries, and gives you an idea of the world. Computers are good and benefit a lot of people in these ways. Computers allow you to learn new things and search for anything you want to know. If you are in school and need @CAPS1 research, you can use a computer to help you. It's also good for work. Anyone can learn new things while using them. It lets you @CAPS1 work, learn new things, and @CAPS1 is fast and easy. You don't have to @CAPS1 go to great lengths to find a book and spend hours looking for the information you need. Computers are great, and you should use them. Another benefit of them is that you can communicate with them. If you have family or friends who live far away or in another country, you can communicate with them through your computer. You can easily use their webcam or email. It's easy so you can get close to them. It's also great if you're an online @CAPS1 business. You can @CAPS1 your work and talk to the people you need to talk to. If you have to schedule an urgent meeting and don't have time to call the people you need, just send them an email with the meeting you set up for the next day's meeting and they too. It's the perfect way to communicate and do business. The last reason I use computers is that they are great for learning about disasters in other countries. If you miss the news and you really want to see it, then you can check the news on your computer and learn new things and see what bad things happen. Also, if you live somewhere other than your hometown, then you can go online to see what's going on in your hometown and visit for any special occasion. You can learn a lot of new things about other countries. If you want to move to another country, you can also learn about new places. If you want to go on vacation, you can see hotels or wherever you want to go. It's the perfect way to get around and learn about new things elsewhere. To sum up all my facts, computers are good. It allows you to learn new things and @CAPS1 research. Also, it allows you to communicate with family, friends in an emergency. Computers are also great if you want to go on vacation or learn new things about other countries. If you have a computer, great. If you don't then you better go out and buy one because these computers are great and can @CAPS1 for whatever you need. Stop waiting and go online or go out and buy one.
Dear @LOCATION1, @CAPS1 brought to my attention that more and more people are using computers too much, a recent study corroborates the report that "@PERCENT1 in the @LOCATION2 population spend more time using computers per day more than @NUM1 hoursâ€. This means less time for people to exercise, enjoy nature and socialize. I think that the problems that computers create greatly outweigh the benefits of computers, that computers limit one's physical and social health, and do more harm than good to society. Spending too much time on the computer can hinder a person's health because they can't take the time to exercise, like @LOCATION3 who uses the computer at least five times a week for about four hours. @LOCATION3 has stopped playing football because she prefers to spend time on Facebook. Instead of getting six hours of exercise a week. She is now receiving an hour, which must @LOCATION3 gain weight and lose health. The problem is that millions of kids like @LOCATION3 don't get enough exercise, they choose. Spending too much time on their computer. Another problem is that people spend less time enjoying nature. Now, they choose to surf the Internet. This is bad for those who don't care much about our planet and animals. Nature is so important and so much fun, so it's a shame. Additionally, those who chose to spend a lot of time on the computer tended to interact less with family members. Most kids no longer help with cooking, cleaning, chones, or spending time with siblings. One mother said "since my daughter got her new laptop, she hasn't played with her little brother or a friend" and unfortunately, the same is true for most teenagers today in this way. In conclusion, computers are a danger to society by keeping people locked in their rooms instead of exercising, enjoying nature, or having fun with family and friends. In doing so, the computer has become the rat of society. So @CAPS1 is crucial, people who spend more than an hour a day at the computer use that time to exercise or socialize, even if they do nothing, and in general, computers are no longer a beneficiary of society.
Dear local paper, I noticed that many of us disagree with the negative or positive effects of weather computers on people. I believe that computers will not benefit society. Many people in today's modern world spend a lot of time on the computer when they can exercise, spend time with family and friends, and enjoy nature. Read on and I'm sure you'll agree. First, computers are becoming a social problem because they interfere with our physical health. @LOCATION1 is continuing to grow. Not in our population, but in our population! According to a recent survey, @NUM1 out of every @NUM2 people in @LOCATION1 are overweight or obese. "@ORGANIZATION2 The culprit in obesity rates is not overeating, but electronics! Especially computers and stuff." @PERSON1, a surgeon at @ORGANIZATION1, said after dealing with severe obesity cases. Obesity is not a difficult thing to get rid of. All we have to do is not sit and stare at a screen for hours. America needs to go out! It can be as simple as riding a bike or taking the dog for a walk. Whatever you do, just get off the computer and get some exercise outdoors or at the gym! Second, computers interfere with family and friends. I know from personal experience that parents hate that their kids miss family dinners or hang out with friends because they "need" to complete the next level of play or they "need" to look up something on the internet. Family and friends should is a very important thing in your life, but unfortunately not for most people. Psychologist @PERSON2 has found that, in general, having family and friends you can trust makes you a happier, happier person. "@CAPS1 Eliminate computers from our lives and we will create a happier and more enjoyable society for people @LOCATION1. Do everyone a favor. Also, if we spend less time on computers, we'll be better off Great opportunity to experience the wonders nature has to offer us. Most people don't realize how much they miss @CAPS1 not going out. There are so many amazing things in your own backyard that you may never experience because you Too addicted to playing with computers. @NUM3 years ago people could work without a computer, so we should too. @PERCENT1 people never even camped! So next time you want to spend @ on a computer NUM4 hours, take a walk, I'm sure you'll be amazed at what you find outdoors. To sum up , computers don't benefit society. They just keep people away from the outdoors, enjoying nature and spending time with family and friends. I hope I've convinced you to see my point and appreciate your time.
Dear local paper, I think computers have a negative effect on people. I think that's one of the reasons people need to exercise. They shouldn't sit at their desk all day playing computer games. Especially children should play and exercise outside. If you sit in front of a computer all day and eat junk food, more and more people will become obese. If more people do it, more people will start eating the right foods, and many will be healthier and lead healthier, happier lives. The second reason I think computers are negative is that some of the kids at @MONTH1 are being cyberbullied. This is when someone is being bullied online. Kids do this so they don't have to say it themselves, they can say whatever they want and the other guy @MONTH1 doesn't even know who it is. Another thing is kids @MONTH1 meet someone they don't know and they think it's fine but you don't know who he really is. He can trick you into doing things you wouldn't normally do because you think he's the same age as you or that he likes you. Many girls were taken away because of this. My last reason is that people might miss out on fun activities like going @DATE1 with family or friends for a swim or sledding in the winter. If you use a computer at home, you can't do fun activities outdoors and exercise as you go. These are the reasons why I think computers have a negative impact on people.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I believe that computers offer more advantages than disadvantages. Computers provide another way of understanding the world. The computer @MONTH1 can also be used as a research tool. If a child or anyone @CAPS3 and family members on the computer thinks @CAPS3 time is unreasonable, it sounds like @CAPS3 is just an issue between the individual and his or her family. Lots of people @MONTH1 argue, "Look at the encyclopedia to learn about the world," but a computer @CAPS3 is faster, easier, and less time-consuming. In fact, most people in the latest generation of households probably don't have an encyclopedia. For example, if I wanted to learn more about @LOCATION1, @CAPS4 searching in a dictionary or encyclopedia, I could type @LOCATION1 on my computer and I would find a whole bunch of likes and opportunities. Some people @MONTH1 like the old way, but personally. I like the freedom and ease of a computer. Have you done research for a project or report? Many people in school or work will most likely need to research something to gain a better understanding. Yes, the dictionary @CAPS3 is helpful. Yes, @CAPS3's thesaurus is helpful, but there are a few different things. Compared to computers, these classic research tools are still useful, but can be cumbersome. My point @CAPS3 A computer has a dictionary thesaurus, encyclopedias...etc all in @NUM1! So next time you have to research something, try reaching for the keyboard on the shelf @CAPS4! To me, the problem of someone using too much computer sounds more like a family problem than a social one. Technology has changed our world! Not only have they shrunk in size since computers were invented, they have become more and more useful. Computers have opened more doors for our society, without them, space travel, for example, would not be the norm for this generation. I would say @CAPS3, I don't think computers are going to hurt our society, but it's pretty much the cornerstone of our world. As you read this article, I want you to notice the benefits of having a computer in this world. A Computer @CAPS3 A learning aid tool, the king of all research tools and an essential part of our society today. If there's one thing you can learn from reading this, I want you to think, "@CAPS5 as a world without computers?"
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 Register, I am writing to remind you that it is helpful to influence computers to help people. The reason I say computers are useful is because it helps guide the economy because you can send messages (instant messages) quickly. Read on so I can let you know how and why these things about computers can be helpful. @CAPS7 I know I said computer help gives directions, but let me explain it this way. You know when you need to go far away, but you don't know how to act there and you don't have @CAPS3 in your car. Then thinking about it on a computer is your only option. For example, when I went south on @DATE1, we didn't have @CAPS4.PS and we didn't know how to get them. So our only option is the computer. We logged into Google and found our way @NUM1. So that's the first reason for @CAPS7 to read the next one. OK, OK, OK. @CAPS7 We all know how ridiculous our economy is. The computers that help our economy are no longer people driving there to pay their bills, they can pay online. Because it saves money and the state doesn't have to pay for the problem of constantly refueling or rebuilding the car. For example, this gas station near my house is being rebuilt because of a problem with the plumbing at @CAPS7 and it's costing us all @MONEY1. @CAPS7 says this is not where we can save the economy. Time to move on to the next reason. Listen here, here, here's my @DATE1 reason why computers can help. Im other known as instant messaging. If you don't have a home phone or cell phone and you want to tell your family or friends that something really bad happened, it's helpful that you can tell you via instant message (@CAPS5) because they're sure to get it. Like one time my friend had neither a home phone nor a cell phone and someone tried to break into her house and she IM me to let me know because it could be sent to my cell phone. I called her mom to let her know, before I knew another massage was coming by saving "@CAPS6 you". @CAPS7 After reading how computers helped guide, save the economy, and instant messaging, do you agree with me that computers are helpful. It's still your opinion, but you read minds, so think about what you read and say it's not true.
Dear @CAPS1, in my opinion, computers have no positive effect on people. Online, you can visit any website and talk to people. Most of the time, you @MONTH1 don't even know who you're talking to. Also, not all the information you @MONTH1 found is true. Computers also take up some time for productive things like playing outside. In the next few paragraphs, I'll show you my point. First off, there are so many different ways to contact online sites (chat rooms, blogs, emails, etc.) @CAPS2, do you really know if the person you're talking to is who they say they are? Back then, it was rare to get caught pretending to be kidnapping kids online; @CAPS3 One day, more and more people get caught. You @MONTH1 don't think this will happen to your kids, but my friends are being followed online by people they didn't catch. We never thought something like this would happen, @CAPS2 it did. And, once it goes live, it never goes away. So be mindful of what you post online, and even if it's deleted, there's always some way to find what you post. Also, not all information found online is true. My pro says the kids of @PERCENT1 researched a project online and then used print sources and found that information to be wrong. On a site like Wikipedia, anyone can change the content on a page. Most sites @PERCENT2 allow anyone to do this. Posting and pics @MONTH1 on the internet is not always appropriate. We have standards that kids don't see resonate with. Finally, computers keep you from doing anything productive. It @MONTH1 teaches hand-eye coordination, but it doesn't keep you fit. @PERCENT3 in @CAPS4 alone is already overweight and there are many. Dr @DR1 says online gaming keeps kids from getting the much-needed physique and fresh air that every growing child needs. In conclusion, the internet prevents kids from going out and playing. Also, not everything found is true or correct. In the end, not everyone you find is the person they portray themselves. That's why I don't think competitors are socially active.
Did you know that in a recent @CAPS1 @CAPS2 poll, @PERCENT1 of @CAPS3 uses a computer every day? Computers have very positive effects on people, such as notifying them instantly of news, traffic and weather, interacting with others, and learning new facts. Can you imagine how hard life would be without a computer? They are everyday tools actively used by millions of people. One way people actively use computers is to use it to learn about news, traffic, and weather. For example, suppose there are signs that a hurricane is about to hit their neighborhood. Just hit the internet and they'll know right away. Another example is if there is a shooting incident nearby. By reading articles online, people will be well aware of the facts. Computers help by informing people of dangers, so they and their families don't get hurt, computers help people understand any dangers not only with news and weather, but also @CAPS4 their way of life. My dad drives to work every morning, always looking online for any traffic updates so he can avoid them and get to work on time and safely, and without a computer, people won't be able to directly understand the hazards and difficulties facing @MONTH1. Another positive impact of computers on people is allowing them to interact with others, such as video chat and instant messaging @PERCENT2 of the world video chat and instant messaging. It helps make people more social by chatting with friends. As another example, let's say you haven't seen a close family member or friend for a long time. Video chat and instant messaging will help you catch up and develop stronger relationships, and no one wants to waste time in their lives without talking to close friends or family members for long periods of time, right? Computers help people by interacting with others in their daily lives. The third positive effect computers have on people is teaching them new things. The primary source of education for students is through computers on the Internet. @PERSON1 from @ORGANIZATION1 said: "Computers help my students grow. I let them use computers every day to report and extend their learning". They @CAPS4 are great for students because the internet now includes textbooks they use in class. This way, instead of lugging around heavy books trying to forget them, @CAPS4, if students don't understand the material they're learning in class, they can go online for additional help and guidance to grow their knowledge further. Without computers, life wouldn't be the same in a negative way. Computers help people keep up with news, direct traffic weather, interact with people, and learn new things. So computers are very active because @PERCENT1 of @CAPS3 is actively using them now, why stop?
Dear @LOCATION1 harold, More and more people are using computers, but not everyone agrees that it is good for society. Those who support technological progress believe that computers have a positive impact on people. But computers can be a bad thing. They can deprive children of exercise, enjoying nature, and spending time with family and friends. First, computers can prevent kids from exercising. "@CAPS1 I can never go out after school because I'm checking my email." @CAPS2 High school student. A recent study showed @CAPS3 a middle school student @PERCENT1 used a computer directly after returning home. This shows that nearly half of students in junior high schools are using computers. This is how computers can be a bad thing. Second, some kids spend more time on the grate indoors than they do outdoors. "I breathe air conditioning (or heating) most of the time, not fresh air." @CAPS2 middle school student. Imagine a kid staring at a computer screen playing a game or on Facebook, which means it's a good day in @DATE1. @NUM1 @CAPS3 of @NUM2 students said they spent more time indoors than outdoors. Computers can be a bad thing for kids. Finally, computers can interfere with a child's time with family or friends. "I @CAPS1 spent the entire night at a house party on these computers." @CAPS3 Elementary. @NUM3 of @NUM4 households have computers and children use @NUM5. This shows that little @PERSON1 in @PERSON2's house will never play with friends. Computers do more harm than good in the home. It can stop kids from exercising, enjoying the outdoors and spending time with their families. I ask you to tell your children or grandchildren necies nephues to reduce computer time.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 We all know that more and more people are using computers. Some people think this will be a problem because it affects people's health. I believe that as technology advances, it will have a positive impact on us. Here are three reasons, the first being technological advancement. It will teach us to be smarter. Second, it will give us access to interesting things we can't get in the library, such as biographies, and eventually, online communications. The first reason I mentioned @CAPS2 earlier is that it will give us intelligence. If we have questions about something we don't know, we can search on the computer and find the answer. We will learn this and be able to teach others. Computers can provide us with a lot of useful information that can benefit us in the future. My second reason is the advancement of technology. will help us because it gives us access to useful sites to teach us. Not all information can be found in libraries, computers can access biographical education websites, and most importantly educational advancements such as online tutoring for students who are struggling in school. The third and final reason I am making progress in technology. What will benefit us is that it will give us access to online communications. Some people get emails for a good reason, for example teachers send emails for educational reasons, and if a student has a problem at work, the student simply sends an email to the teacher explaining what the student's difficulty is And the students' question is what can be done. That's what I'm going to say now. I want you to think about it
Computers have had a positive impact on people's lives. They are great helpers. They teach you the skills you need in life. Technological capabilities help us get things done every day. Finally, they help people stay connected and meet people they know. I think computers have a very positive impact on our lives. Computers have taught us a lot. First, learning how to use a computer is a skill you need in your life. For most jobs, you must know how to use a computer. Today, computers are an essential part of most work environments. Hand-eye coordination is another skill that computers teach you. The computer actually helps you exercise in some way. Catching the ball requires hand-eye coordination. The technology that computers provide us has helped us a lot in our lives. If you need directions, you can find them on your computer. If you can't, you will have to call the restaurant to ask for directions. Without the help of computers, we would all have to write all of our papers. For students, giving presentations without a computer would be a nightmare. We have to read a lot of books to get information. The world would be very different without computers. Sometimes our loved ones have to stay away from us. When this happens, it can be difficult to keep in touch over the phone. Keep in touch with you from your computer. Using programs like facebook, twitter and @ORGANIZATION1 it is possible. You can chat with them and see how they are doing. You can even keep in touch with them via @LOCATION1. Almost anything is possible with a computer. In short, computers are great machines. They teach us lifelong lessons. They help us when we need something or have to make a report. Computers can even keep people connected so their relationships don't break down. I don't know about you, but I think computers keep the world going.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 has a lot of people addicted to computers. They think computers can help them, but for others yes, it can help them work and educate. Most children are addicted to computer games. @CAPS1 is the @PERCENT1 of computer-addicted kids. For some reason, computers have a big impact on people. It could affect your child's education, or it could be the reason for your electricity bills to go up. Having a computer at home is the worst, and it's probably the reason millions of teens are dying because they're constantly talking to people they don't know online. Computers are sometimes dangerous to people. Do people still need computers? Having a computer at home is especially bad for children. This is because computers affect their education. Parents don't want this to happen to their children. Many uneducated children stay at home or take drugs on the street. Yes, the computer can help them learn or the computer can help them with their studies or projects, but other kids are on the computer because they just want to play games. That's why many of them didn't learn anything in school, but they learned a lot in computer games. They should stop computer games. Also, having a computer at home may be the reason why people's electricity bills are higher @DATE1 than if they didn't have a computer. Others think that computers won't give you any problems, but computers can use electricity and pay your electricity bills. If you had @MONEY1 on your electricity bill for year @DATE1 without a computer, your bill now with a computer could go up to @MONEY2. Big problem for you. However, computers are dangerous. Computers can be good or bad. There is no doubt that teens at @PERCENT2 were killed for talking to strangers online. Most sites like @CAPS2 are now at risk. @DATE1 @DATE1 month, couple killed for @CAPS2. Husband killed his wife because her relationship status on @CAPS2 was "single". She was shot by her husband. However, her husband committed suicide. Both were shot! Chatting online and meeting strangers you don't know can be the reason you get lost. Parents shouldn't have a computer at home unless they'll be using it, but it needs to be in a room where kids can't use it. Now is the time to agree! Do we need computers at home? Can we live without computers? We don't need a computer at home, yes, we can live without a computer. We can do any activity with our family, exercise, go on a picnic with friends, or go on vacation with the whole family. Local paper, I want you to tell people to stop using their computers, tell them to hang out with their families, or go on vacation.
Dear newspaper, I think computers have a negative impact on society. I say this because it exposes kids to bullying at all times of the day, it robs them of exercise opportunities, and it reduces time spent studying and doing homework. In general, I think talking is the main use of computers. However, sometimes it's used in the wrong way, @CAPS1. Experts say @NUM1 out of every @NUM2 kids have something to use online, but also say @NUM3 out of @NUM4 kids are being bullied online. Also, you hear someone or them every year, mostly because of @CAPS1. In fact, I've heard in the news that half of their kids are being bullied online. And because you can go on at all times of the day, kids can be bullied at any time. Some kids say kids are happy when they come home because they can't be bullied, but @CAPS3 is bullied in their safe place, their home. Another bad thing about a computer is that it replaces exercise. A text A and the @CAPS2 football scout said, "Each year they are getting fewer and fewer people playing sports because of video games or computers." @CAPS3 The obesity rate among American children is on the rise, and many agree that computers are replacing sports. People also think you have better hand-eye coordination, but most leaders agree that you don't, because it's not your hand that's moving, it's your mouse. Finally, students' grades are lower than ever. Most teachers say @NUM3 students in @NUM6 get good grades, they say all @NUM7 don't spend much time on the computer. I was looking at chanel and it said @CAPS3 most kids spend @NUM4 hours on the computer and less than @NUM3 hours on study or homework. A computer for storing information and learning. How we made it from that to a tool that combines @CAPS1, raising lazy kids and anti-learning!
Dear newspaper @CAPS1, I know you think that computers have no effect on people. Computers do have an impact on people. Computers help people find information about anything for one reason. Plus, it helps people work. Plus, you can communicate with anyone you want. Don't make any decisions until you consider the human impact of these. First, computers help people find information quickly. To find information, everyone googles or asks, etc. The information people find may help them find a store or restaurant number. Not only that, but you can find out how much stuff is in the store and if it's on sale. These are just some of the enormous effects that computers have had on humanity. However, work is the huge impact that computers have on people. For example, if someone is looking for a job, the computer really helps them because they have a lot of stores to choose from. Meanwhile, adults and children use computers to type something in word if it's for a work report or school paper. Maybe you already use a computer to enter information for your newspaper. However, one thing kids love to do on the computer is communicate with their friends. Most kids either use facebook, @CAPS2 or oovoo to communicate. Having these plans can help kids keep in touch with friends who have left. Plus, one of the benefits of these plans is that if your family is far away, you can always talk to them. I understand why you think computers have no effect on people. Computers do have a lot of influence on people. That's not all, computers help people find what they are looking for. It can also help you get the job done. Regardless, a computer is a great way to communicate with friends or family. Think carefully about what decisions you want to make.
I think computers have a good influence on people. When people are on the computer, they don't turn it on for long. I also think that computers have a good impact on people because of new technology. Computers are positive, they help you when you get stuck or need to find something. For me, computers are positives. While people continued to use their computers, they didn't turn it on for @NUM1 hours straight. Sure, they might spend NUM1 hours a day, but they do other things between school, meals, and activities. Some people's @CAPS1 needs a computer. The News @CAPS2 company needs computers to edit and print papers. They also put news on the website there. What would most people do without a computer? Computers are active thanks to new technology! New technologies are helping people interact. If you have friends or family members who are far away, how many ways are there to talk to them. You can use @CAPS3, skype, oovoo, @CAPS4 or even email. When I'm on my computer, I don't just sit and watch @CAPS5 @CAPS6 or @CAPS7 come online. I'm interacting with my friend @PERCENT1, those of us between the ages of @NUM3 have a @CAPS3. @PERCENT2 has Skype or oovoo to talk to people who are too far away to access. Computers are positive because they can help you learn about schools you don't know, just look it up online and if you need to translate @CAPS8 to @CAPS9 just do it on your computer. People at @PERCENT3 used the internet to learn their own dictionary. If there's a word you want to know that isn't in my dictionary, look it up and it'll be online. Computers have a positive effect on people. No one spends so much time on the computer that they can't go out or hang out with their friends there. People actually need computers to use their @CAPS1, and new technologies are coming to let people interact with people all over the world. They are positive for school assignments, definitions and even translations. Computers are not negative, they don't take away what you should be doing in life.
Dear @CAPS1 newspaper, @CAPS2 When you were a kid? There are no computers or other electronic devices other than a telephone. Computers are very advanced and can help people in many different ways, such as: hand-eye coordination, learning, and being able to talk online. These things are good for society and testify to the advancement of technology. Computers teach hand-eye coordination by typing when people don't even realize it @CAPS5, your hands are working and helping you whether you're typing or typing. The hand-eye coordination that people learn on computers can be used for movement. @PERSON3, a @NUM1-year-old tennis player, said: "I used to play with the computer every day, then I played tennis, and finally the computer helped me with my favorite sport." Hand-eye coordination is very useful because we surveyed The @NUM2 and @NUM3 of them said that hand-eye coordination is still very important and that everyday activities such as computers can help them improve. Typing is very common when sending emails because they are fast, fun and allow you to communicate. There are many popular and fast new ways to talk on your computer, such as email welcome targets, Facebook, and more. @CAPS5 Nice to be able to chat with friends and family online as other options are more expensive. For example, many live in @LOCATION1, while her sister @PERSON4 (who is very close to her) lives in @LOCATION3. They can't talk to each other as often because none of their calling plans allow them to make calls without charging hundreds of dollars. They also can't fly to use each other because air tickets are expensive these days. Also, the economy was in bad shape, so they couldn't keep in touch until the advent of webcams. Now, they meet almost every week. Many said: "I'm thinking about flying to @LOCATION3, but now the webcam and email are useful and saves us both a lot of money." People @MONTH1 argue that you can send each other letters, but, you can't baby boy send your just recorded first steps, or a really cute youtube video. Plus, you can meet new people online that @MONTH1 hasn't seen before, and when you can keep in touch, you can stay closer to each other. While computers are great for entertainment, it's much easier to work and study online. It's amazing to learn everything online, no matter what @CAPS5 means, or earthquakes in @LOCATION4. It would be awesome to be able to keep track of everything on one computer. @PERSON2 is the @NUM4 @CAPS3 teacher at @LOCATION2 who said, "@CAPS4 we're trying to make more things digital to protect the planet, so don't waste paper and trees." @CAPS5 is true, about @NUM5 Is @PERCENT1 of grader assignments online, @CAPS5 is looking for the photosynthesis equation to find out which year @CAPS6 died online does help the environment @CAPS5 is important to be able to use computers at school because @CAPS5 gives kids the More opportunities to learn more things faster, like @NUM6 students have math classes online, hey math. @CAPS5 gives people more information from more people. Online, you can read about the scientist's experience or what the paparazzi have to say about @PERSON1's new boyfriend. Computers have changed society a lot for the better. Now, in @DATE1, computers are a part of people's daily lives, and they benefit from it. Better hand-eye coordination, being able to talk to friends, being able to learn computers, benefiting society.
Dear local paper, it seems to me that they will take their time away from exercising. Besides, no one has time to enjoy nature. Of course, when it comes to family and friends, time is blocked by the computer. If more people get @CAPS1 and @CAPS2, I'm pretty sure everything will be resolved. I'm sure computers are negatively affecting everyone. Obesity is a big problem in @LOCATION1. One in five children is obese. I think the computer is the cause of the problem. I remember when I wanted to go out and work out, but the computer pulled me away, all the fun games and videos on the internet for sure, the computers weren't bad, but a lot of people abused their privileges. Obesity can lead to many things like stubborn arteries or strokes. No parent wants to see their young experience. But what if from solving it? take away many people. Everyone at these dayraces put in a lot of effort. I'm sure if people might have done this, I'd cross the time. good time. Family takes time away from us. In short, I think computers are an addiction. Millions of people who use computers gain weight. Also, it takes time to enjoy nature, but the computer gets in the way. Another thing commuters put family and friends on hold. Memories were stolen by that lousy computer. Otherwise how bad the computer is.
@CAPS1 Dinner is ready mom, one second' click, click, click. Are you hearing more than usual from your child? Well, if you than you need to listen to this upcoming news. We @ORGANIZATION1 believe that children and adults spend too much time on laptops or computers. They're not out exercising, enjoying nature and interacting with their families, issues that can lead to begging issues that @MONTH1 has had an impact on, eg: @CAPS2, financial issues, then depression. So read on and think about what you've heard that could or has happened to you. @CAPS2 Worryingly, @LOCATION1's kids are on their computers and not outside. Every day I see my nephew on his computer, I see him getting fatter every day. Research shows that children and adults with a facebook or myspace account gain about @NUM1 pounds per @NUM2 moths. If they work @NUM3 to @NUM2 hours a day, they will gain @NUM5 pounds every month. Sooner or later the state will raise the @CAPS2 level from @PERCENT1 to @PERCENT2 @ORGANIZATION1 obese. This can cause @ORGANIZATION1 to work lazily. When people spend most of their time at @ORGANIZATION1, they can lose their jobs. In addition to @PERCENT3 @ORGANIZATION1, state citizens own facebook or myspace. So when people become addicted to them, they spend more time on them than they have to do for their jobs. That way they get a company that can't pay bills, loans and mortgages. All of this can lead to depression. The depression spread across the state and even the country. People are losing their jobs around because of their computers and the internet. People will even try to @ORGANIZATION1 like being murdered or even trying to kill @ORGANIZATION1 causing @ORGANIZATION1 to lose @ORGANIZATION1 job or family members. Some are even addicted to the internet and perimeter @ORGANIZATION1 new-born family members. This depression needs to stop. So fight for your right to stop being addicted to the internet with @ORGANIZATION1 and live a good life. Put down your computer as a book, meet up with friends and family, and keep your job. Don't let these vibes come between you and your life. "
@CAPS2 People think the invention of the computer and the internet is a horrible thing, but the real @CAPS6 is a horrible consumer of time. Local newspapers are polling people's perceptions of technology. People spend a lot of time on the computer while they are outdoors enjoying nature, exercising or interacting with people. Technological advancements are just wasting your time. People should be outside enjoying @CAPS6 when the weather is nice and not wasting time sunbathing on @CAPS1 is very bad for your skin, seeing the sun can help boost your energy, the carbon dioxide in buildings can make you sleepy. Of those surveyed by @ORGANIZATION1, @PERCENT1 said they felt better when they were out and about. @CAPS2 people people can exercise to get fat, but people sit in front of computers all day, @CAPS6 helps @CAPS2 kids have stopped using a lot of computers. @PERCENT2 people are spent and friends with @CAPS3 computer people. They see people and people forget their manners because they don't use it online. People who support computer use might say. They are the way to talk about @CAPS3 @CAPS4 etc. But chatting online @CAPS5 is not always safe, @CAPS1 in your buddy list @CAPS6 @MONTH1 friends out and unless you can see their faces, computers have become a big barrier to society. Computers make people forget how to use etiquette and communication in the real world. It's time to stand up and find other things to do! Responsible town people.
I mean people should only use a computer when they really have to do something like enter a report, check your email, etc. What's the point of using a computer if all you want to do is play boring games? I. I find my friends on the computer, check email and stuff, and I go out and play. You should only be on your computer for @NUM1 minutes a day and then go to work out. If you're at the computer all day, you'll stink, get fat, get lazy, things no one does. These are the things you should have. You can play basketball, ride a bike, go swimming with some friends, I do that every day so I'm in good shape. I stay fit and healthy I don't sit in front of the computer all day on a sunny day. If you walk more, you become more, and it gives you a chance to hang out with some of the neighborhood kids. When I get home every day, I do my homework, then I go out to play, then I play @NUM1 minutes on the computer, then @CAPS1 is done, then I go to bed, and the next day. So everyone agrees with me because you know I'm right.
Dear @CAPS1, Some say computers are fun, smart, and harmless. is this real? Can a computer cause harm? Well, on the one hand, I know computers can take up! A lot of people's time. For example, many people do not go out very often. This is because most people are usually on their computer. What are they doing on the computer you asked; well, let's find out. A person can do many things on a computer. It can be a fun chat, education or hard work. Many people use computers for entertainment. For example, many people use computers to chat with their friends. There are many websites to chat with friends. This usually takes up a lot of people's time. Many people can chat for hours on the computer, which is why it takes up their time instead of going out. Another example is the games people are playing. For me, computer games are one of the biggest problems. This is because a lot of games can be fun, find one and play it all the time. Not only would it take up their time outside, but it would ruin their life. The game can be so addicting that kids and adults may not be able to do their jobs. This can lead to academic failure or being fired at work. But on the other hand, many people use computers for work and school. In addition to online chatting and computer games, many people use computers at school and at work. People enter their work or they send it to their email to take home. This is a good thing for computers, but also a bad thing. This is a good thing because now people can get work done faster. This is a bad thing because it's another reason to stay indoors. People rely on computers for work. They save their work and use computers to build things. For example, people use computers to program robots. Although they use computers for good reasons, people should make time to be outside. A lot of people need to stop using computers: because computers can hurt. This is because if they spend all their time on the computer, they can get sick. Going outside, exercising and getting some fresh air is very important. So people out there, get off your computer. Stop chatting, pause your game, take a break from your work, and get out. Enjoy nature. You shouldn't be on your computer most of the day. thank you for your time.
Do you think computers have a positive effect on you? Well, I don't. I think computers have a negative impact on people. I have this feeling because you don't get enough exercise in your life, you have high bills and it starts to interfere with your daily life. Now that I've stated my reasons, define them in verbose sentences. When I started my article, I felt that people wanted to get enough excersize. I feel that way because if you're on the computer all day and you don't go out and talk like your bike, then you're burning any calcium. You'll become a couch potato, and it can have fatal effects on your health. As you age, you may experience a range of items that can be bad for you, such as eating disorders, high cholesterol, and heart problems. Also I feel like if you're sitting in front of the computer a lot @NUM1 then you're probably hurting your back which may add to your list of health problems because you're not exercising enough. Second, I think if you're constantly in front of the computer, your parents' bills are going to be very high. Your parents will be with you, probably at the lighting company. If you're constantly working on your computer all the time, before you know it, the bills will be high, you can pay it, you'll spend a lot, and your house may not have lights. My personal opinion is that I don't think a computer is worth a home without lights. In the end, I think computers will live their lives. I feel like if you're always on the computer and you're never outside then your friends will love that you want to be disturbed. They'll feel like you're ignoring them, and you'll start losing those friends who are always there for you, helping you when you need it most. Computers can also affect your daily life by disrupting your social life. You'll be in it forever, and you've missed out on meeting new people and building social skills. To end this post, I bring you my thoughts and views on computers on the spot. I've explained my reasons to you that you want to get enough exercise, you'll have high bills and it will interfere with your daily life. I have given you the facts and details about the consequences of computers, now you decide whether the impact of computers on people is positive or negative.
Are you willing to throw your life away on the computer @NUM1? Well, some people are already giving up their lives. @CAPS1 You'll get fat by spending time on your computer, lose your ability to interact with friends and family, and even lose your ability to explore @ORGANIZATION1! ! ! Now or never decide @CAPS1 you want to waste your life on the computer. @CAPS1, your computer use can lead to obesity. You can get fat for @NUM2 reasons. You are not exercising when you are sitting. Since you're sitting and doing nothing else, you start snacking a lot. Finally @NUM2, you may lose the ability to walk because your legs aren't doing anything and being fat makes walking difficult. It's time to make a decision. Also, @CAPS1 you waste time on your computer and you may lose your ability to interact with family and friends. @CAPS1 You have kids and you may lose the ability to watch them grow into adults, or even push them away. Also, you may lose your friends because they don't want to hang out with some computer, all you have will be your computer. In the end, you'll be alone because @CAPS6 will be there when you try to finally interact with your family. Choose now or never what you want to do with your life. Lastly, there's a lot going on around @ORGANIZATION1 when you're viewing your myspace or your Facebook on your computer. You don't need to look at the hard drive, you look at @CAPS2 @CAPS3 or @CAPS4 tower in @LOCATION2 or finally @ORGANIZATION1 in @LOCATION1! and your family. It's time to make a decision. All in all, wasting your life on a computer is bad and will hurt your life in many ways. I can make you fat and give you the power to leave you. It can prevent you from spending time with family and friends, or even push them away. Finally, you can waste time at home without exploring @ORGANIZATION1. Time to decide @CAPS1 if you want to waste your time @CAPS5 Opinion is @CAPS6! ! !
Dear local paper, I'm sure you enjoy relaxing and surfing the internet. After all, the Internet is an amazing invention. However, the truth of the matter is that some people spend a lot of time on the computer. We miss all the other important things in life just because we're on our laptops for so long. Excessive use of the Internet can lead to insufficient exercise. It causes us to be anti-social and, in the end, does not allow us to enjoy the beautiful nature around us. Do you know what is a very high cause of obesity? Electronics, kids sit in front of the computer all day while they should be out to exercise and stay healthy. Of course, the internet is still available. You just need to keep it to a minimum and we can ensure this rule by setting time limits at home. I like to use the computer myself, but I make sure to get off after about an hour. The whole concept of "Internet" is such a broad topic. That leaves us a lot to explore, we just have to keep an eye on the clock. There are many forms of chat on the internet; @CAPS1, @ORGANIZATION1, etc. A lot of people are always on one of them instead of talking in person. We end up becoming anti-social by spending so much time on the computer. While yes, you can talk on the internet, it is necessary to talk to people face to face, as if we were bored with computers. Sites like @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 are also responsible for this. People are addicted and addicted to it constantly, @CAPS4 â€œ@CAPS5â€ sites actually take up time that can be spent with friends. So instead of chatting on a computer screen, plan a meeting in person. Don't let the computer make you lose the social skills you've built. I love going out every season and seeing the beautiful nature around us, if you spend too much time on your computer, you don't have time to enjoy it. There are many things you will miss. Take the time you would normally spend on your computer and go for a walk outside. Things out there are much prettier than your computer screen, trust me. Once you reduce your computer time bit by bit, you'll realize all the other things that are more worth your time. So the next time you're thinking about surfing the web or playing a new computer game, I want you to think about what I'm giving you. Too much time on the computer causes us to not get enough exercise and we become antisocial. We will not be able to enjoy the nature around us. Moderate computer time is fine, you just need to know how much time you spend on it. Hopefully my reasons for supporting give you another perspective on web surfing.
Dear local paper, I think computers are both a good and a bad thing. Computers can be used to play games and learn about almost anything. But computers can't simulate fresh air and movement. Computers allow people to play a wide variety of games. People can play chess, card games and many other similar games. Computers also allow us to play a wide variety of online games. I can think of at least three different sites with online games. At least @NUM1 different games per site! Hundreds of thousands of people play online games every day! What would they do if we didn't have computers to play these games? We can also search for any topic on a computer anywhere. This is an amazing thing. Imagine how we would study so much knowledge if no one had a computer? Yes, but using a computer is much faster. Also, you can print some stuff on your computer, with a book attached, you have to copy down the important stuff. But you can emphasize the important ones. How many can there be? No matter how many computers they @MONTH1 have, kids are getting bigger because they grow up. Computers are amazing, and society benefits a lot from them. But just like all computers have their drawbacks. So inform adults and kids about the benefits of computers, but also warn them about the bad things that can happen if you spend a lot of time on your computer and outdoors.
Have you ever been on a computer? Have you ever sat in front of a computer for a long time? I am writing to you because I am concerned about the health of the town. @CAPS5 People have computers and use them every day. @MONTH1 Funny, but it could also be your health. Computers are addictive and keep us playing for hours. @CAPS5 people @CAPS4 don't exercise at all anymore. Most people are too busy on their computers. Each @CAPS4 should have at least @NUM1 minutes of exercise. â€œ@CAPS1 kids should get @NUM2 minutes of physical activity on average per day. A lot of kids are now playing video games on the computer instead of exercising,â€ @CAPS2 said. Sereno. @CAPS5 The kids don't get enough time out either. Did you know that you should get at least @NUM3 minutes of sunshine every day? You get most of your vitamins. Sun. When was the last time you biked, camped or went to the beach? For @CAPS4, all of these are very interesting things that you might miss when learning computers. I know I absolutely love going to the beach. Hear the waves, laugh @CAPS3 water, feel cool, like heaven. If I'm on the computer, I'll be able to enjoy it. My favorite @CAPS4 Do you like having fun or hanging out with the family? My @CAPS5 computer is not the same as a person. Can you imagine someone you've never actually seen or heard talking to? Now it's @CAPS6. @PERCENT1 Communication with billions of people with @CAPS7, would you rather talk to someone on the phone or face to face? I think people should spend time exercising, being outdoors and spending time with friends and family. Remember to exercise @NUM1 minutes a day and spend @NUM3 minutes in the sun to stay truly fit. Please consider this and write an article to improve the town's social and overall health. up to you!
Reader, imagine a world without computers. The exchange is that academics are more difficult and we' @CAPS1 lost a source of great fun. Do you really want such a world? The advantages of computers definitely trump computers. For example, computers have made the world a better place to communicate thanks to e-mail, instant messaging and cideo meetings, and computers have also made learning in school easier, allowing you to work. Finally, computers have made the world a lot more interesting thanks to youtube, news and online movies/tv shows. The impact of computers on society is undoubtedly positive. Rent messages anywhere in the world with one click. How awesome is that? Because of computers, not only can people email each other, but we can even chat in real time. Communicating online via text or video has helped a lot in my life and the lives of my peers. For example, whenever I forget homework or have something to do with school work, I can reach out to my peers and get help. Not only can I seek help from others on the computer, but I can keep in touch with my friends and family. Therefore, those who think that computers allow us to spend less time with family and friends are wrong. Computers connect the world and greatly facilitate the positivity of communication. In addition to communication, computers have also greatly improved and learned in many ways. For example, they make projects and assignments faster and easier to complete thanks to Microsoft Word. It turns out that @NUM1 students who use computers for their assignments also make learning easier. The online encyclopedia loves and helps students around the world with homework or learning fun at home. Any way computers can improve education is through online tutors and help sites. Made it so you're basically always within minutes. I can't imagine doing any homework without a computer. Computers are not only useful for school and communication, but they are also a great way to kill time and have fun. One of the fun on the computer is online movies and TV shows. Thanks to them, you can keep up to date with the latest episodes of your favorite shows. Online gaming also brings joy to people all over the world. You can spend hours playing with others in the detailed @NUM2-@CAPS1 world! The computer also allows you to go back to your child and watch historical videos on youtube. Finally the computer enables to browse all the latest news. Thanks to your computer, you'll always know what's going on in the world. So whether you like to relax and watch videos, play games or read the news, you can always find a way to have fun online! What's not to like? Computers have had such a positive impact on the world, absolutely an amazing technology, you can communicate online with friends or family, learn new things or just have a good time during the instant work of school assignments! How we are you, computers make life better and easier.
Dear local paper, I found that some people disagree that computers are good for our society. Well, in this letter, I'll show you three reasons why computers can benefit our society. Those reasons are @NUM1) people have friends and family in other states @NUM2) some people use them to stay organized and @NUM3) computers can help you learn more. I hope that by the end of this letter you will see that computers are really good for our society. First, I think computers are good for our society because @CAPS7 allows people @CAPS3 to sign contracts with family and friends in other states. It's true that you can use the phone and call them, but you'll have to pay long distance charges. You can email someone without paying anything. I know from experience because, I have friends and family in many states @LOCATION1 "@CAPS1 computers help me stay connected with my family" @PERSON3 (@ORGANIZATION1) @CAPS2 Many people use computers to connect with loved ones every day. Some even have ties to their families or wars in them. Next I believe that computers are good for society because @CAPS7 keeps people organized. I know so much doesn't seem like a big deal, but a lot of people or computers organize @CAPS3 things @CAPS2 they know what would happen without a computer for all of @CAPS3's appointments? Well, I'll tell you what happens to @CAPS3 everything ends dating, @CAPS3 will give you what you've got. "I'm on my computer @CAPS3 @CAPS4 - @PERSON1 and @CAPS5, I firmly believe that computers are good for our society because they help people learn more. Yes @CAPS7 is right, not everyone is on a computer but the fact that they don't mean they don't. Here are a few examples are @NUM1) @CAPS6 - @CAPS7 lets you learn lyrics, dance moves and more (@NUM2) @CAPS8 - @CAPS7 lets you get to know other people Like what, don't like and @CAPS2. Then Facebook, @CAPS7 lets you see what people were doing that day. "People learn everything through computers" @CAPS9 @PERSON2. Now I hope you see that computers don't benefit us Society That's your opinion. I hope you see what I see now.
Dear local paper, In my opinion, computers have a good effect on people because people can communicate with each other, learn on the computer, and most people can shop online. Overall, it is believed that computers have a positive impact on people. Wow! Finally chatting with my cousin from California, it's great to communicate on the computer because you save money because you don't have to pay phone bills. Also, most companies use email to chat among colleagues. One scientist, Dr @DR1, said that colleagues communicating are actually safer because they don't have to go anywhere and can stay at home. Today, with so many social networking sites, people can improve their mental health and build self-esteem by talking to people every day. In the end, all this communication is great because you don't have to travel to communicate with the greener people in the world. Wow! There are multiple information sites on your computer. On a computer, you can also use programs to make graphs and tables to display data. Ms Can said that if you display information on your computer (eg using diagrams) you will increase your knowledge with @PERCENT2. Another great thing is that in order to know you don't have to read books that save paper, and many databases with information are free, you can save money, and it only takes seconds to find the information you want. On average, it takes @NUM1 seconds to find information. Finally, computers are a great place to find information and inspire yourself. Shopping on a computer, which is definitely not possible on a computer today, shopping on a computer is great because you save time without having to go there, Consumer Reports says you can save @PERCENT1 on products you buy online Cost of ip Because today there are more than @NUM2 stores using this technology to sell online, you can compare item actions by visiting the click of a button, then you don't have to spend extra to go to both. Online product updates have become very popular because you can hear what other people have to say about the product. Lastly, shopping online is great because you can save money on so many great things. In conclusion, computers help people a lot because you can shop, communicate and learn online, and the whole computer has really changed the lives of most citizens.
Dear @CAPS1, the computer is a great invention! They allow you to do many different things. They have a lot of positive effects on people. Computers handle everything from hand-eye coordination, understanding distant places and people, to talking with anyone online. Come on, enter the wonderful computer world. Computers have a very positive effect on people. They help teach hand-eye coordination. You can view the screen without looking down at your hand to move the mouse. Just look at the screen and you can see where it's going. Doing so can help improve everyday skills, such as movement. If you can hit the ball with your eyes and your hands, you can even play baseball. Computers teach hand-eye coordination by being able to do two things. Would it be great if you could find a recipe? Well, you can simply have a computer help people do different things. Different cultures, people and places are also easy. Suppose you @CAPS2 and you. A computer can let you learn anything. computer and almost every day. They give you @CAPS3 instances and @CAPS4 is a great way to talk to people. You can chat with people who are typing. Other sites, like @CAPS5, @CAPS6 or @CAPS7, post your own opinions where you have your own page. You also have a friend page to see how you are doing. These sites give people a chance to find old friends. Webcams are making a splash! Websites like Skype or Skype allow you to see and talk to other people. They allow you to talk to your @MONTH1 people and feel like they are with you. Computers benefit people all over the world. but it is not the truth. Computers help people physically by being able to learn new things, and being able to computer instead of taking over is just helping them.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 is a lot of technology, including the hottest computer. I say computers have a more positive impact on people. Some reasons include computers teaching hand-eye coordination, enabling people to see distant places, and even enabling you to chat with other people online. Where would we be without computers? First, computers teach hand-eye coordination. People who type slowly often have poor hand-eye coordination. Of course, typewriters were faster and their hand-eye coordination was better. @PERCENT1 people including teachers agree. Is that why @CAPS1 typed "course" in elementary computer class? The answer is likely to be yes. Second, computers enable people to understand distant places. Computers give you more resources than books. Using a computer to browse multiple websites is actually easier. Using these sites, people can access higher education. One teacher said, "It's so much easier for everyone to use websites. It's so much easier to use them for homework and for students to take notes." I totally agree with that. Finally, computers enable people to talk to other people online. Use @ORGANIZATION2, @CAPS2, @CAPS3 email, video chat, and more. All this and more gives you the opportunity to chat with friends who live far away. That way, the friendship is never really lost. People never want to lose a relationship. Losing someone can be very sad. I know this from personal experience. In conclusion, this is why I think computers have a positive effect on people. From studying to chatting, computers are a great way to chat with friends and even do homework. Including hand-eye coordination. All of these are positive effects, don't you think? I think so, and that's why I think the impact of computers on people is more positive than negative.
I believe that computers make everyday tasks easier. Computers allow people from afar to talk to another person they can't see in person, and they allow you to get work done in a faster way. Get a college education without leaving your home. Imagine you have a relative who lives far away from you and it's too expensive to call or fly there. Computers allow us to communicate with them via email or video chat without paying a high price. Thanks to the computer, it is possible to talk to family members far away with just a few clicks. Getting work done can sometimes feel like another chore. A computer just makes your job easier and faster. Would you rather sit down and write a term paper for hours, or type it out and email it to you, halving the time it takes for college students to discover that computers are more efficient than handwriting to get them. Computers are a way to lighten the workload. Education is most needed, but what if the college you want is too far from home and you can't afford to move in? Thankfully, online college courses are available. What would you do without this source of technology? Online courses allow eager students to learn without breaking the bank or leaving their children. Without computers, everyone cannot get the education they are entitled to. Computers allow us to communicate with our families who live in places we cannot afford. These technical devices allow us to get the job done in time to get the grades we deserve. Computers allow more than NUM1 citizens to be educated at home at a price they can afford. Without this gadget, we wouldn't be able to live the @DATE1 life that gets us where we need to be.
Dear @PERSON1, Using computers is not good for our society. I worry that many kids will develop childhood obesity because many teenagers my age are not active. They @CAPS1 can enjoy the outdoors and stay active, but they choose to sit in front of a screen all day every day. Researchers have shown that inactivity is widespread due to many facebook, mysape and twitter users. These sites are nothing but trouble, and apart from being unhealthy, teenagers everywhere are being cyberbullied to the brink of suicide. Many people are unaware of the several pedifiles and creeppos that these attractions carry, which can lead to kidnapping, rape or worse. Staying active and spending time outdoors with friends can save you from these dangers. Get out for a run and you'll be surprised how much a little exercise can help you. I am also a firm believer in spending time with my family, doing family activities, and having dinner with my parents. By doing this, you become closer as a family, and it can help you make healthier choices and keep exercising. I believe in staying active, away from the computer and spending time with my family by following these simple steps. Much more beneficial than learning to type or talking to friends. Using computers can lead to cyberbullying and dangerous people, healthy living is the right way to live.
Dear newspaper, @CAPS1 How do you feel about computers? I know I think they're great for us and we're lucky to have them. They must be used in moderation, though, because exercising and staying fit is good. I hope you will share my views in the next article to help readers understand my views on computers. I think the best thing about computers is that they are a great learning resource. The internet can connect the world and you can learn about other cultures. You don't need to visit to know all about the country! Or you can use it to learn about your family history. Many record keeping systems are now turning to computers. When we did a field trip to @LOCATION1, they had a database there with every name of every person who passed there. Research shows that @NUM1 people find the internet easy to use and faster than any method. Another thing about computers is that they help you in the workplace. Let's say your job is to design a house to be built. In the past, you had to draw by hand with multiple instruments and tools, but now you can design with just one tool, the computer. It's a long way to go for your work, if it helps the client, because before if you wanted the house to be different, you'd help repaint it. Now you can just make adjustments on your computer and have your new design ready in seconds. Today, if it weren't for @PERCENT2, the home designers in @PERCENT1 use computers. Computers also play a social role. On the Internet, you can connect and chat with friends. You can also share a photo of the two of you at the baseball game on @DATE1 for memories. Or you can send them a website with a really funny video of someone getting a football. Experts conducted a study and found that @NUM2 times the reason teens go online is to connect with friends. "@CAPS2 @PERSON1 (computer experts and developers) what do you think is the number one reason teens use computers?" @CAPS3, I have to say chatting with friends. I don't understand why they don't do it, it's simple and almost ok. "Computers are a great advancement in our technology. They help us in our daily lives, living and making difficult tasks easy. But they shouldn't be overused, you need to maintain a healthy mind and body. We can learn from them All of the stuff at .com contributes to the debate. For me, computers are a step forward like light bulbs. Computer sources found @PERCENT3 in @LOCATION2, I'm sure they'll be in all of our homes. Some families find them @ CAPS2s are useful because there are more than one in the home. They can come in all shapes and sizes to suit your needs and can connect you to anything in the world.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 readers, some of you may think that people exercise computers. They don't get enough outdoors or interact with family members or pets. You also @MONTH1 think they don't get enough exercise. Well, you are right, but I will explain your mistake. You can do things like study, socialize, and really get fit. The first thing you can do is learn. When you are on the Internet, you can visit study sites. Sites that teach you about faraway places like @LOCATION1, @ORGANIZATION1, @LOCATION2, and more. You can also learn about people and their cultures. Take @CAPS3 @CAPS4 for example and you can learn about their culture and the @CAPS5 they celebrate and why. Another thing you can do if you're having trouble at school is to take an online class. Another thing you can do is make the computer social. You might think or say that you can't socialize with family and friends when you're on your computer. Well, you can. There are sites like @CAPS6 and facebook where all you do is talk to family and friends. Now you can webcam people. When you use your webcam, you can see the person you're talking to, you can hear them, and they can hear you through the microphone on the webcam. Finally, you can enter chat rooms like @CAPS7 (aol instant messaging) and chat with people as you see them. The last thing you can do is get healthier. Isn't that weird? Yes, you can visit websites that teach you how to eat right and exercise every day. A site like @PERSON1 esang.com car offers you what's right for you. After that site, you can go out and get what you need. Another thing that computers provide is hand-eye coordination. When you look at the screen, you control the "mouse", and the mouse controls where you go on the global network. Finally, after visiting websites that show you moments and gardens of this world, you'll finally want to go out. So now I hope you agree with me that computers do benefit certain things in life. I've shown you what you can learn, talk to and socialize with people, and finally help you stay healthy.
Computers have undoubtedly had an impact on society that changed the world. People and lives are now smarter, faster and easier. People living on the other side of the world can communicate for free in an instant. But how does this affect people? Such a big, long history can't be a good thing for some people. I don't think that's the case for some people. Starting with the basics, some people are too obsessed with computers. If they have life issues then they @MONTH1 seek the solitude and privacy of an unfiltered and unlimited internet. Even if you use your computer to chat with people, it's still no substitute for the real thing. In fact, research shows that due to impersonal communication methods such as text messages, emails or chat rooms, there can be severe limitations on how individuals can connect with others. Don't get me wrong here. I do use sites like facebook to talk to people. So, I wouldn't say that online conversations are bad. I think it's a really good way to keep in touch with people you can't talk to in real life. Also, it's a great way to help friends and serve them. Although it is moderately done. Getting information from a computer is very debatable. One might say that being told is a good thing, and I agree with that. Others might say that knowing too much makes our egos so big that we will become ignorant. I also agree with this. I would also say that it is good to know a few things, but beware of knowing too much. One of the things I've found great about computers is originality. In a world where we've been brought up to stifle creativity, I've found computers to be part of art. in some way. It personally helped me discover what kind of music, drawing, creating, etc. I like. I can also share what I do so everyone can see. Or listen. Or try it yourself. In conclusion, I think computers are good tools for moderate use. For some obsessed people, this can be problematic. I think they are a great addition to society.
Dear @CAPS1, More and more people are using computers, but not everyone agrees that it is good for society. I stand for technological superiority and believe that computers have a positive impact on people. Computers enable people to learn about distant places and people, they allow you to talk to people online, and you can play games to help you with your studies. Do you believe that computers can enable people to understand distant people and places? You can use google.com and look up different cultures and see how what they do is different from us and what kind of food they eat. For example, in @LOCATION1, they sat on the floor of @CAPS2 where they ate. We can sit at the dining room or kitchen table. Someone from @PERCENT1 will speak. Of course, the computer allows you to @CAPS2 my cousin on the computer @CAPS3 It is important to note that on the computer you can play games that will help you with your studies. You can visit your website at @CAPS4. Showing you how your body works for @CAPS5 and telling you about the revolutionary war of @CAPS6 @CAPS7. These sites are not boring. It's interesting! Who thought learning would be fun? I definitely don't. It's now! Just imagine people spending too much time on the computer and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends because people will always have time to do that anyway.
Dear computer experts, @CAPS1: A family of four sitting in a small dark room, not talking, not laughing, just lounging in chairs, hunched over, bored. They didn't communicate with any friends and didn't really do anything. They sit there like lumps. This happens @CAPS5 We ban computers! Computers undoubtedly have a positive impact on people because they provide you with a steady stream of knowledge, they develop good hand-eye coordination, and they enable those who use them to communicate with others. Clearly, they are positive additions to our world. First, computers bring you a constant stream of knowledge. My good friend @PERSON1 recently told me that she sometimes sits at home doing her homework and she needs to look up something. She simply picks up her computer, and with the click of a button, the information is sent to her. @CAPS5 She doesn't have a computer and has never gained such knowledge. Second, in a survey of @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @ORGANIZATION1, @PERCENT1 of total computer usage is looking for information and gaining knowledge. This statistic shows that computers help them when looking for information. A recent @ORGANIZATION3 article on computer use states that @CAPS5 people don't have computers and half of the world's discoveries wouldn't happen today. It can be seen that the amount of knowledge that the computer gives us is very important! Next, using a computer can also build hand-eye coordination. Kids expert @PERSON3 said: "@CAPS4 need to be able to play video games, although they are generally discouraged from playing on a computer. They build great hand-eye coordination and help with many things including @ORGANIZATION1 and sports." @ CAPS5 Without a computer, this hand-eye coordination would never develop! Also, at @ORGANIZATION2 in @LOCATION1, they restricted computer usage, and as a result, sports teams there lost records. Is it because those students have insufficient hand-eye coordination? Also, at @ORGANIZATION1, a recent survey found that @NUM1 students who played video games on a computer performed better in physical education due to increased hand-eye coordination. Clearly, computers have greatly enhanced hand-eye coordination. Finally, the use of computers allows people to communicate with each other via email and other social networks. After a poll at www.@CAPS6.com, we found that millions of users use computers to communicate with @CAPS6 every day. We don't want to deny them, do we? Secondly, a friend of mine @PERSON2 went to @ORGANIZATION4 and she said her primary way of communicating with friends and making plans with them is through the computer. @CAPS5 She doesn't, none of this is possible. Additionally, a recent article by @PERSON4, a teen expert at @ORGANIZATION5, says that when people donâ€™t have a computer and canâ€™t communicate or converse with the outside world, they are more likely to suffer from conditions like depression or anorexia. These disorders are more likely to occur when they are not talking to their friends. This certainly shows that communicating with a computer is very important. Now, @CAPS1 this. The same family as before sat in a sunny room, their computer screens flickering happily. One boy shouted, "Hey, look at him" as his family rushed to his side. These @ORGANIZATION3 messages made their faces glow. You can see computers have a positive impact on people because they bring @ORGANIZATION3 information, they build hand-eye coordination, and they allow you to communicate with others. So, computer expert, what are you waiting for? Go and learn some @ORGANIZATION3 stuff on your computer now!
The advancement of technology has developed so fast that it has become a common household item as we know it, such as we use it every day at work, home, school, public places, it has become a common item in our daily life. Email, research, questions about the world around us. It's required for nearly every job application, school, and everything in between. This is - @DATE1 - full age. Computers are everyday things like email, that's something I don't worry about, and used to file tax returns there. It is also used to make reports for people. Computers have also become a common thing, such as schools, where we use them for reports, studies, and some homework. Businesses also use it to communicate with companies @LOCATION1 using a wide range of tech stances, they get a whole bunch of apples. Last. Most jobs require a computer, @CAPS1 will list some state, school, military defense, missile A and their satellite com jobs, all comm phones off, if it's a twin tower nitro in orbit, track trucks where it goes, and the rest of what I know about computers is categorized. That's why computers are needed in this society to use computers every day, and when computers are used properly, it's a necessity.
Dear @CAPS1, Technology has come a long way in the past few years. Computers have now found homes in nearly every business and home in @LOCATION1! Everyone thinks that computers are so wonderful that they can only affect you in a positive way. But do they really consider both sides? Most likely not. That's why I'm here. Computers discourage exercise, reduce @ORGANIZATION1's time to connect with family, and waste @ORGANIZATION1's money and space. I believe computers should be re-examined and people should stop relying on them so much. Which country has over NUM1 million fast food restaurants currently open? Name the fattest country in the world. Who spends the most on unhealthy food? All @ORGANIZATION1 The answer to these questions is @LOCATION2. With an obese population over @PERCENT1 @ORGANIZATION1 something needs to change. According to research done by @ORGANIZATION1 (@CAPS2), @PERCENT2 @ORGANIZATION1 people spend more than @NUM2 hours a day on their computers. @ORGANIZATION1 Those @PERCENT2, @PERCENT3 are overweight or obese. There is a clear pattern. Exercise can make your muscles stronger, improve lung function, and help burn off unnecessary calories. People most definitely need to get off the computer and get more exercise. They might even like it. As I recently discovered, spending time with family can be fun. Playing team games outdoors can fuel your competitive advantage, while board games challenge your mind. "@CAPS3 @PERCENT4 who spend time with family are more likely to do better in school," @CAPS4 @PERSON2 transcended. So what's stopping them? ,computer. Kids now find many online sites more fun than hanging out with family and friends. We need to turn on the @ORGANIZATION1 computer, get out the board game, and get the @CAPS5 family together! "People can't waste money they don't have in this economy," @PERSON1, @CAPS4 Economist. She is absolutely right! But what money are @PERCENT5 @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS6 wasting? You guessed it; computers. The average monthly bill is @MONEY2. Throughout the year, you pay @MONEY1 for things you don't need! Computers also waste space. In addition to needing a place to put your monitor, you also have to find space to cram the printer, the hard drive, and all those wires. Who can find enough space? ! Of course I can't. While technology, namely computers, can be a wonderful thing, we need to see its shortcomings. @CAPS6 continues to gain weight, families are falling apart, and the economy is collapsing, all because of the @ORGANIZATION1 computer. We need to stop these problems and shut down the computer.
Dear newspaper, I am writing to you @DATE1 because of the belief that computers do have a bad influence on people. I say this because @CAPS1 you go online you don't get that much excirse. You can't even get good grades! That's bad. Plus, when on a computer, there are some really weird people out there. I really want you to hear my story. go out! @CAPS3 Mom, I'm on the computer! @CAPS1 You really want to work out on the computer. @CAPS1 You don't have GST, you can't be healthy! You want to get GST. And you'll get fat you don't want! For example, when you are in gym class, you want to stay fit. So you can, and you'll get a good grade. Do you want a bad grade? The summary is this. You have a @CAPS2! on your transcript? When you spend a lot of time on your computer, you become addicted. @CAPS1 You're addicted, you won't do your homework, and your grades will drop. Your grades in school will be poor. Then you are likely to stay. Plus the parents have to turn over. That's one of the reasons why computers have bad effects on people! When you turn on your computer, you have @CAPS3 clues about who you're talking to, unless your friends. Because of facebook and myspace, there are many cases of child theft. @CAPS1 Your kids are always at risk for visiting these sites than your kids! There are networks where they can find information about you where you live. For example, there was a case on myspace where a kid thought she was talking to a @NUM1 year old boy when in fact she was talking to a @NUM2 year old boy. The girl then disappeared for about a few weeks. That is. So you can never trust a computer. When you really look at the computers, you'll see they're just @CAPS3 good. All my previous reasons. They are quantities you hardly get what you deserve. Your grades will plummet @CAPS1 You stay on the computer and they will cheat you. So even know you can communicate with your friends. It's just not worth it.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I have reason to believe that computers and other similar modern technologies are disrupting the world we once were. Computers and the like are a major reason for @CAPS3's lack of exercise, lack of interaction with family and friends, and a potential threat to mental health. @LOCATION1 The main reason for the staggering number of obese and overweight people is that people spend a lot of time on the computer rather than exercising too much. I recently discovered that in @DATE1 the average household has a computer (sometimes not). Today, the average household has as many as @NUM1, @NUM2 and more! Also, obesity rates have skyrocketed since then, as people are almost always on the computer instead of exercising as they should. One of the main reasons why modern technology hurts our country is the severe lack of communication and interaction between families. Family quarrels/arguments are more frequent, spouses get divorced because they never have time to be together. Research shows that today @NUM3 marages in @NUM1 ended in divorce, and in @DATE2, @NUM3 in @NUM6. Technological advances have increased amazingly since then, people are on computers/phones/other @CAPS4, which separates families everywhere. When immature kids try to grow and expand their minds, all they do is sit at the computer without getting the brain nutrition they need. Students in schools today are the future leaders of the world. Now parents should be thinking that if they want their kids to do well, or to exceed their expectations in life, they shouldn't be sitting around at the computer all day doing nothing. Now, computers do have the capacity for educational use, but do kids use them that way? The answer is no, and, "@PERCENT1's time, adults don't", from @ORGANIZATION1 statement @PERSON1. I hope you can agree with the fact that computers are doing more harm than good in homes around the world. People are not getting the amount of exercise they need and interacting enough with their families, and these computers can be detrimental to the mental health of future generations. If families can minimize computer-drawn activities, then I think parents all over the world can adjust their view of their children's health.
Dear newspaper @CAPS1, @CAPS2 brought to my attention the massive increase in the use of computers in society. @CAPS2 can have a positive impact on people, but too much @CAPS2 is not a good thing. That's why I want to tell everyone about the negative effects of computers on people. We all know that using computers can help people with all kinds of different things. They can help with business, interact with family and friends, and you can even use @CAPS2 for fun. Some people don't know or may just ignore the negative effects, such as they can prevent you from exercising, exploring nature, and you can spend so much time on your computer that you can become addicted. There should be some way to tell people this is happening and is a problem. So I think we should try to combine the things people like to do on the computer with the things they should be doing regularly, like exercising. Maybe we can tell people that they can use their computers to connect with people like friends and family, and make plans to go out and exercise and have fun so they don't get stuck on the computer all day. We all know that computers can be good or bad. They teach hand-eye coordination, enable people to understand places and people in the world, and more. They also have bad effects, but that doesn't mean we should take them away from people. And you shouldn't be out all day. So I think the amount of time people spend on the computer should be limited every day. In this way, people get what they want, and they also have some time to free themselves from @CAPS2. Obviously, therefore something should be done about this computer problem. I hope I've convinced you with my well thought out thoughts and ideas. Hopefully, they can guide you toward an idea that will ultimately lead to beneficial change in society.
How do computers affect people? @CAPS1 there is a way that computers can be really bad and good" and they're good. Because people who don't like to write usually only have a computer to type on. But people rarely do that, and parents and kids don't stay Nothing on the computer cares about kids staying up all night knowing they don't even do their homework at school. I have evidence my friend's, research shows, and my mom agrees. I suggest you agree with me. @Myfriend's PERCENT1 agree with me , they don't wake up to go to school because they've been through this. Dr. @PERSON1 from @ORGANIZATION1 researches situations where parents have little time for their family. Like fathers they're basically always on the computer either working or looking up stuff. My mom says She loved the internet when she was young. She never wanted to get off: @CAPS1 I hope you enjoyed my opinion', thanks for taking the time to read it. Thanks again.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 What do you think about computers? Are they good or bad? The computer wasn't around long, but whether it had positive or negative effects, it was rebellious. It's true that they do help people research certain topics, but they're also dangerous. I believe computers are not a necessity for people. Computers are not needed because people spend a lot of time on them and then we start to lack exercise and they become dangerous for everyone. First, a computer is not a necessity because people spend a lot of time on it. Once you've been on the computer for more than an hour to an hour and a half - the computer starts to affect you negatively. On the one hand, your eyes will start to hurt. If you stay longer than this, you will start getting headaches. Soon your headache will get so bad you can't stand it. It would thump and feel like it was on fire. This happens because your brain can't receive both the computer's brightness and @CAPS2 your reading or viewing. Most of the time, this will eventually happen, and you'll lock yourself in a darkroom in time to rest. Sometimes you don't get out of the car until they also have a stomachache. After they get out of the car and feel better, they continue to repeat the process. That's why, computers are our hindrance. Next, people start losing exercise. After spending so much time on the computer, all they have time to do is eat, sleep, go to work or school. Computers rob everyone of their outer appearance. They don't want to go out to exercise and play. Living in these conditions can only lead to one thing, and that is apathy. Soon you will get fat. Life can get tough. And obesity also has negative effects. For a person, you can't run for long and you become weak, and for a child, you stop growing. But worst of all, if you're healthy, you won't live that long. So you can see that computers are vital to our society. Finally, computers are bad for the environment. There are @NUM1 billion people in the world. At any one time, about $2 billion is in some kind of electronic device. When you are using your computer, have you noticed the hot air blowing from the fan. Now, have you ever thought that this heat will go away. Well, it would create a hole in the ozone layer and cause a global warning. The ozone layer is the only thing that stops the sun's ultraviolet rays from hitting us. Now, if every time you turn on your computer, the @NUM3 layer of the ozone layer is gone, and @NUM2 billion people are on it, that would be @NUM2 billion millimeters gone from our atmosphere. Now think about global warming. If the ozone layer is like a bubble, heat is trapped inside. So this heat will eventually heat the earth. This will cause @CAPS3 to melt and sea levels to rise. @CAPS3 There is enough water in it to flood the Earth. You really want that. Eventually we will drown and life will exist. As you can see, the computer is Newcent. They hypnotize young children and adults. They are helpful, but more dangerous. Sometimes we don't even realize it. Computers suck because people spend a lot of time on them, people lose exercise, and they're bad for us.
People often say computers and technology are bad for you, but I think they're good for our society. Computers help people get through difficult times. Computers make our lives easier. Computers now increase and decrease your amount when you buy things, they help people find where to go, and last but not least, they help friends and family stay connected. Without computers, we would have to wait in long lines for what we wanted to buy. For the instinct to stop and shop, they have computers to check people and the line is long enough. If we don't have computers, the queues will be longer because then people have to add up the money by hand. Also, without a computer, you wouldn't be able to weigh you as quickly as you can at the grocery store today, we'd have to do it manually. The days of grocery stores without computers will be long. Without a computer, you can't have @CAPS1 and an online location that gives you directions. You will have to use the bid map to drive to the place. These maps may be lost while you are driving. You can lose your location and sometimes you @MONTH1 map the wrong location. With a computer you can have @CAPS1, online directions to show you the fastest and easiest way to get to your location. Also, with the help of a computer, it saves files on the map and we don't waste too many trees. Have you ever been in a situation where you wanted to visit your family out of state but didn't have the money? Well, a lot of people have and are starting waists (they don't have the money). They can video chat, talk, view pitchers and keep up with them on the computer. You don't need to spend a lot of money, it's all free and they are social networking sites. People use to keep in touch with family and friends. Those sites you must use. Computers, so without a computer you would have to travel in a car, wasting money and car air. Finally, I think computers have helped society very well! ! !
Dear @CAPS1, I believe that computers benefit people today. The invention of computers helped people send messages and messages to each other, helped students get to school, and gave kids something to do when they couldn't go out. Let me explain. Computers have created an easier way for people to send messages and information to one and the other. Before the invention of the computer, the only way to transmit information was by mail or phone. Computers speed up the process. In fact, with the invention of the computer, people received information about @PERCENT1 faster. I used to be able to send an email to my friend and tell him to do his homework faster than to write him a letter. Obviously, computers make it easier for people to communicate with each other. Also, computers can help students get to school. Before using a computer, students had to use a typewriter to type. With a typewriter, when they made a mistake, they had to start over. It; it's completely different now. In fact, a study done by the Board of Education. Demonstrated that students can write papers faster and better using computers rather than typewriters. I remember my grandfather telling me how he typed. He spent about an hour typing. It took him about an hour and a half to write a paper on a typewriter, and the longest time he spent was half an hour on a computer. As you can see, computers have helped the whole thing. Finally, computers can provide kids with things to do when they can't go out and enjoy nature. Many people will want their children to be able to use their computers when they can go out. A study by @CAPS2-obesity showed that @PERCENT2 kids would rather play and exercise outside than use a computer at home. But sometimes, in certain weather conditions, kids can't go outside, so they can't entertain themselves. A study by @ORGANIZATION1 shows that only @PERCENT3 kids use computers when they can't go out. If these kids suddenly lose their computer privileges, many of them will have nothing to entertain themselves. Apparently, computers take up the time of kids who can't go out. In conclusion, computers have enormous benefits for society. It allows people to send messages and information faster, helps students get to school, and keeps kids busy when they can't go out. I hope this letter convinces you of the benefits of computers.
Dear @CAPS1 post, computers have been around for a while and taking them away is like forgetting all the advances we have made in technology. In fact, computers are so ubiquitous that seven out of ten households on my street have at least one computer. So why do we take them away? Computers are so useful. Computers are not only fun, but also very resourceful. Anyone with a question can easily hop on a computer, do research on google.com, and find what they're looking for in minutes. I remember when I had a weird looking cut on my arm and my mom was going to treat it. She researched it and learned how to get rid of the marks. Computers only benefit you to a certain extent. Most likely they will move in in two weeks and realize they don't have a pool! Lastey, without a computer, we wouldn't be able to communicate with new or different people. Computers are great for communication. People can communicate via twitter, @CAPS2 or even youtube. All of these sites help people make new friends online, just like making pen pals on the Internet. Also, if most of your family members live in @LOCATION1 and you are stuck in @CAPS3, you can easily chat with them via email or instant messenger. Hopefully now you know how much your computer saviour is. Maybe you can even talk about how resourceful, helpful and social computers are in the next @STATE1!
For those who @MONTH1 cares about, @NUM1 marks the beginning of a new era, the computer just came out and its internet is fascinating people. But now more and more people see it as a waste of time. I do want to see this in these lives, you'll see my views take shape for the following reasons: Everyday internet of knowledge is essential for those who write essays In fact @LOCATION1's school super-director stated, Students over @PERCENT1 will use the internet to help them with their essays. We also don't have to go to the library to do research because we have a complete repository of information (computers) at home, another thing is that people can now communicate all over the world, which will allow us to understand other aspects from the source. Things Artists Can Do Now A new video game art form has come out Artists Do you love expressing yourself! Music mixing has become my job, it sometimes adds extra tracks and invalidates others, they don't have to use a typewriter, they just type on a keyboard on a computer. You can use spell check and edit undo without having to throw away ideas you don't like. Artists have been using computers all the time and finally how to plan how buildings or bridges will look, (this is also related to video game production) @CAPS2 can make their houses while you plan buildings and bridges on a computer, you can make them more Powerful, even before you start building them with the new software available today, how structures are determined under natural disasters so that they can choose to have the ability to be on their way. I hope you can see with your eyes and agree that computers are an amazing thing and they make getting information helpful too
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2, did you know that @NUM1 out of @NUM2 students in @NUM3 grades are doing homework and connecting with friends and family on their computer every night? I think the impact of computers on people is beneficial to everyone who uses computers. Computers can be used for communication, education, and quick access to important information, such as local news. Now, let me tell you why computers are good for communication. When I was in elementary school, I had a friend who I was close to and a part of his life. Unfortunately, he had to move out. But I still want to continue to be friends and communicate with him occasionally. A convenient way is to use a computer. Computers make it easy to connect with old friends and keep @CAPS5 in touch. Different types of communication on a computer can be email, instant messaging, video chat, online chat groups...etc. This helps people stay connected. That's why I think communication affects people the most because of the use of computers. However, computers can also be used for learning. At school or at work, children and adults alike need the right information about research projects, resorts, animals, food, culture, and sometimes complex things like scientific chemicals. For example, when my class researches the different content of @CAPS3 @CAPS4, our main source of information is the internet on our computer. We looked at customs, food, clothing, traditional festivals and how they were entertained. Also, the kids come home from school and upload their papers and keep typing. This is teaching them hand-eye coordination and how to type. Computers are not @CAPS5 for communication only. While the internet can be used to deliver important local and global information, it's a great way to educate everyone. "@CAPS6 and adults check their emails and homepages every day for the latest news about other countries, ours, governments and economies," said expert @PERSON1. I think the internet provides a quick and easy way for citizens to get information about what's going on in our town, state, country and world. For example, it could tell us about a series of shootings on @LOCATION1 or the many house robberies in our town. We, the citizens of @CAPS7, don't want to know everything...in order to keep us safe and informed. Another example is when I logged into my computer 3 days ago and it notified me that there was an earthquake at @LOCATION2. But computers have many benefits. The impact of computers on people is beneficial. It enables people to stay connected, learn about places and people, and stay up-to-date with the latest local and global news. I think you should take my idea and post it to everyone.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I think computers are really good for society because computers can do a lot of things like teach you. Computers are so useful these days that almost everything can be done on them. Computers teach you how to coordinate your eyes, how to focus, and show you things you don't know. You can't really accomplish anything or do anything without a computer. Computers are helpful for many things, like filing taxes, or checking in at the grocery store, typing and exercising on a computer is exercise, but it's not good for your body. When you exercise your hands and brain on the computer. You really can't do anything without a computer. For the most part, everything you do in life has to deal with some type of computer. I think those who say they shouldn't be on the computer are wrong because they can interact with family members who are far away on the computer. You don't need to go out, just look old and enjoy nature. That's why I think computers are positive and useful.
Dear @CAPS1, I believe that computers have a positive impact on people. The three reasons I think computers have a positive impact on people is that you can talk to friends and family, you can talk to other people around the world, and you can even shop online. Not being in touch with loved ones is sad because if you want to talk to them, you can email them and see how they are doing. With email, you can send messages to friends anywhere in the world. An example is if you have a friend at @LOCATION1 and you want to see if he is doing @CAPS2, you can message him. Talking to people on the web is really fun because you can see what or people are playing with you. If you are on facebook or myspace you can add other people as your friends so you can be friends. Shopping online is faster and faster than shopping online. Yes, if you buy clothes, then you start going, that's why there is online shopping, so we can. You can. All in all a very useful thing. Talk to your relatives from @LOCATION2 and you can shop without waiting in line. Can talk to other worlds.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1, do you think computers have a positive or negative effect on people? In my opinion, I would say that computers have a negative effect on us. This is because we exercise less, spend less time enjoying nature, and interact with family and friends. If you use your computer at home most of the time, how are you going to exercise? You won't because you'll be sitting on the table all the time. It's also a problem because that's why sitting all day without exercising can lead to obesity. Or people with heart problems who need to exercise may be exacerbated by computer distraction. Playing on a computer at home doesn't allow you to enjoy nature. Instead of going out in warm weather, stay home and have fun. It's not good because they should be hanging out and not at the computer all day. You can't spend time with family and friends when you're on your computer. That's because you're supposed to have your family and friends with you, not daze over what you're doing on your computer. You also miss family gatherings or leaving your friends alone. That's because you're busy camourar nad not paying attention to anyone and you. That's why I think computers have a negative impact on people. This is due to less physical activity, less time enjoying nature, and less time interacting with family and friends.
Dear local paper, technology is an ever-evolving thing and more and more people are using it. As more and more people use computers, the benefits of technology to our society will increase. Through the use of computers, people will learn hand-eye coordination, have the ability to receive education from a distance, and allow people to converse with other people online. Through the use of computers, people will learn hand-eye coordination. An effective learning skill is hand-eye coordination, and the benefits of doing so are significant. Having good coordination means this person will outlast anyone who doesn't use a computer. Advanced coordination means that the person will be able to do more things like type fast. Finally, better hand-eye coordination means that people will be more likely to get jobs in areas that require good coordination.
@ORGANIZATION1 The @ORGANIZATION1 newspaper just found out that the claim that computers are not benefiting society is going on. On the other hand, those who support technological progress believe that computers have a positive impact on people. Well, @ORGANIZATION1 has to choose a side, and the side they choose that computer has a positive effect on people. You know why we chose this side, because these are three reasons why computers are good. Like the #1 they teach people about faraway places and people, the @CAPS1 computer is a great way to entertain, and last but not least the @CAPS1 computer is a great chat room. The people @CAPS1 computers will win the war when @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 tells you why these 3 reasons are good! The first reason is that you like to waste time looking for places in the library or @ORGANIZATION1 people. Well, if you have a computer, you don't have to deal with that, all you have to do is go to sarch and type in these people or place names, and you'll see in less than a minute that you have information that would take hours to find library. I know this because I'm looking for a book that talks about @CAPS2 caladers. I can't find the information I have to get on the computer. The second reason is because computers are a great form of entertainment. You know that if you have Bode and you have a computer, you can easily continue to play a lot of fun games like @CAPS3 @CAPS4, dragonwars, or whatever fun games you can find on your computer. With so many games to choose from, you will never get bored. The third reason is that computers are a fun way to talk to friends or family. Like many sites, you can choose to chat with friends or family like @CAPS5, @CAPS6 or even @ORGANIZATION2. You also know that you can send videos or even pictures to friends or family. So go to the computer and talk to your friends, even a photo or something. My thoughts are that I want you to take the hope I have said to heart and choose to hope that the newspapers have that thought.
Dear local paper, I think the effect of computers on people is that some people are very addicted to them because some people spend a lot of time taking notes on the computer because they just spend their money on things they don't need. I also think the way computers affect people is that they don't spend a lot of time with their families. What computers do to people is that some people can't stop using them even if they want to. People are very addicted to computers because they spend almost all their time on it. People stop exercising because they spend all their time on the computer and buy things they don't need, they just buy because they like it. The effect of computers on people is that some people just talk to their friends on myspace. his facebook and other sites against them. I think what computers do to people is that they take up people's time, because some people spend a lot of time on their computers, living their families alone and not spending time with them. Computers take up people's time because they don't spend time exercising or playing with friends or brothers or going to the park to spend time with family or connecting with family and inviting some friends over for dinner and fun time instead of sitting in front of the computer all day or something Neither do. Computers can take away time or love from your family, they can cost you time you don't have. Computers are bad for people because people can't stop using them, even if they want, because they're all ready to become addicted to them. People can't stop using them because in the computer you can do a lot of things like shopping, talking with friends, visiting really nice sites with really interesting stuff from other countries, but some people can't stop using them because they go play games, or because they download music from unwanted sites. In conclusion, I think the impact of computers on people is very bad, because some people spend a lot of time on computers, they even spend time they don't have and time they need. I also think computers affect people because they don't take the time to share good things with their families. Computers also have the effect that people cannot use them because they are addicted to them.
Did you know that @ PERCENT1 @ LOCATION1 people very often use their computers? Now not many people do not have computers, it is sometimes difficult to get rid of it. I think most people can control themselves, even though I think the computer is very important, and to also have a positive impact. I use the computer to talk with friends and family to help me with my homework, and I'm still very active. I spent a lot of time @ LOCATION1 on the computer, but I'm still a very active person. I dance classes twice a week, if possible. I ride my bike, play outdoors or in a tree run. I would say I'm a very healthy person. @ MONTH1 it looks like I'm busy, but I really have something. In addition, all my friends are on the computer, some @ LOCATION1 they are more active than I am. Most people spend a lot of time on the @ LOCATION1 on the computer, and still very healthy and busy with other activities. I would definitely say that I and my family have a lot of interaction. In @ LOCATION1 families, @ LOCATION1 difficult not to do so. In addition, I have the opportunity to go out with friends to play with. I often interactive, but the computer let me talk to them when they are not. @ LOCATION1 Most of my extended family live in the @ LOCATION1. I let the computer communicate with them, even exchanging digital photos. Sometimes your friends. This also happened before, I'm too busy, no time to get together, or snow, my parents can not drive. We still need to talk and make pleasant conversation. Some people have the computer all day. My mother company retained many books and manager. Whether she likes it or not, she will spend a lot of time on the computer on @ LOCATION1. This is really no alternative. Sometimes it's just necessary. In addition, teachers use it to help them prepare for their teaching courses and materials. As a result, I use it for homework. @ MONTH1 I need to check my homework, research a topic or use it for help. I think the computer is absolutely necessary, is a very irreplaceable piece of @ LOCATION1 technology. I am sure you will agree that now the computer is useful, not harmful. As long as you get the same amount of fresh air @ LOCATION1 and family interaction, they have a very positive impact on people's lives.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, According to a recent survey, @NUM1 of @NUM2 physicians believe our advances in technology and computing are helping us, not hurting us. I agree that computers are having a positive impact on us. Advances in technology are helping us become more efficient. Computers also allow us to study places and things that @MONTH1 never had the chance to see with his own eyes. We can also chat online with other people we may not have met. Most importantly, though, is our advancement in technology. In the news recently, I saw a clip of @ORGANIZATION2 how they are using robotics to make surgery more efficient. It also means a smaller incision is being made and therefore a faster recovery. Another part of social progress is tackling crime. Before computers, there were no blood tests, no fingerprints, and probably no X-rays. Computers make it easier for people to do these things. Computers can also help us research faraway places or other topics that they @MONTH1 just had. Some people @MONTH1 never had the chance to go to places like @LOCATION4 or @LOCATION3, but with a computer it's like they've been there. Or maybe in @CAPS1, but @CAPS1 is not a very popular sport in @LOCATION2. Then they went to the computer there and saw a tattered @LOCATION1. Then their problem is solved. When you go to a new country, you also have the opportunity to meet new people. But with your computer and online attractions like @CAPS2, @CAPS3, you can talk to almost anyone in the world. I can sit in a chair at @LOCATION2's house and talk to people all over the country and across the ocean! Or maybe you're talking to some really close friends who live across town. Either way, a computer is a convenient place to talk to people. I believe that computers do us more good than harm. Our advancements in technology have greatly helped us solve problems like gaming and robotic surgery. They also allow us to search for topics we want to learn more about or distant places we've never been to. Finally, we're able to have an online chat with @MONTH1 just across town or across the ocean. Hope my reasoning helps you understand my point.
Dear @CAPS1, you are sitting in front of your computer with a glass of water and an after-school snack, maybe an after-get off work snack. You log into your multiple accounts, open some chat boxes with your friends and start researching for your project. As more and more people log into technology, they seem to be bringing something new to computers. Some people miss out and don't see the negatives like failed social relationships, procrastination, lack of learning, and more! beep! A new @CAPS2 message. On a computer, you can talk to your friends and family, but sometimes people have so many relationships in real life that they fail. You can't type @ORGANIZATION1 messages or hide your feelings behind the screen. Also for kids growing up, many jobs require customer service, and it won't help if you're only good at talking to people on your computer. Whatever you say on the internet can be read and published anywhere, on any website, anytime, and in real life it's really what you're saying. School studies are also important, but sometimes I know I have homework but procrastinate and say "@CAPS3 @CAPS4 I'll do it later, I need to check!" to stop my studies. Some people don't like school, but it's very important in one's life if you want to be successful, you need to balance school, study, computer time, don't forget exercise and possibly work! Computers are great for research and guides, but facebook or twitter will slow you down. So buckle up and start this research! Chat rooms, @ORGANIZATION2, emails and other things can be harmful to you. There are many predators out there and they are just waiting for anyone to log in. It's so dangerous that someone can pretend not to be there. Also, not exercising the computer all day can lead to obesity, and sometimes your hand posture can lead to carpal tunnel syndrome. There are many bad things caused by computers. There are times in your life when you need to find a balance. Don't ignore the negatives or you could get hurt. It's nice to have a computer, but be careful not to waste all your time!
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I am writing to you @DATE1 because people with computers are concerned. You worry that people with computers aren't spending time exercising, enjoying nature, or interacting with their families. I agree with @CAPS5 the fact that people's computers get lazy and don't spend time interacting in any activity. The other day I did a survey at @CAPS1 as how many people agree that not many people are not interacting in any activity because of the computer. @PERCENT1 The people I've asked say they agree, but in fact others don't care. A lot of people @MONTH1 think this is normal, but I checked out a website dedicated to weight and how to get up and lose weight easily, this site is @CAPS3.com. I read an article on the web and @NUM1 second paragraph. @NUM2 It states that obesity in @LOCATION1 is caused by computers and/or laziness. Sure, some may disagree, but at the same time those who disagree are big-name athletes of both. I had a chat with @PERSON1 and he said, "@CAPS5 I didn't have that stuff like chores or hanging out with friends when I was a kid." Even great athletes agree. In conclusion, I agree with the fact that the fact that people have computers makes them lazy and not interacting with their families.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3 It's time for us to start thinking more about the digital age. Computers have contributed so much to society over the years that, as of now, I don't believe the world would be able to function without it. Some people say that computers @CAPS3 are not good for society, but they really believe that computers gave us the internet, email, most jobs depend on the internet, even games, and more let me explain. First of all, there is no internet without a computer, and without so much work it fails. Most jobs require the internet to work, just as architects need computers to design buildings and houses. There are computers in almost every office for many different reasons. Writers need computers to write books, and if they are handwritten, some may not be able to read, so without computers thousands of people will lose their jobs. My mom worked on a computer and she would lose her job. Not only that, our school also needs computers. If I have to write a paper about a person, it's almost impossible not to look up information about him on the internet. Also when writing papers, some teachers only exclude printed papers. How can we do this if we don't have computers that make work at home easier. Finally, computers allow us to explore new places. Goole @LOCATION1 is a map of every place we can see on @LOCATION1. If you need to find out where something is, you can always rely on the internet. If you need guidance, you can print it from the internet. Also, if you need to find out what something means instead of using a dictionary, use a computer. Now can you see how good computers can be for society? Some say that other people spend too much time on the computer, but you don't have to. I don't know of anyone who uses a computer more than work or school.
Dear local paper, I am sure you will agree with me about keeping computers in this world. I'm sure you'll agree with me about keeping computers out of this world because computers help everyone get an education. For example, when I don't understand certain words, I go to my computer and type www.dictionary.com. Then I said I didn't understand. After that, the definitions came and the time was faster because when I looked at the dictionary I needed about @NUM1 to @NUM2 minutes to find a word, but on the computer I needed @NUM3 seconds. Also, computers allow us to chat and send massages when we can't see or see someone, so we send massages and receive messages from them. Finally, computers help with English lessons such as spelling, writing, typing, editing and revision. That's why I think we should keep computers in this world. I know everyone doesn't know everything. Computers help us learn mathematics by using formilas and calculators at calculator.com. Computers help with science too, go to @LOCATION1 and ask questions like "what is matter or what is. Finally I'm going to talk about not understanding some words. I always go to dictionary.com so the site can provide and help understand the word and get The real definition. I always use these @NUM2 sites when I'm stuck with math, science or English. These sites help us a lot in our education. This is how I see computers helping us educate. My parents always chat to me and my friends and hang out with them. so when i can see my friends or chat with my friends i go to my space or facebook or msn chat and go to my friends Send messages. We just keep chatting and sending canned messages because our parents don't let us hang out. Most people do. I do and we can send lots of other pictures, music, etc. That's why We should have a commuter perspective because we need to chat or send messages. Finally you know we all n need to type our articles, lessons, etc. Computers help use them to check our spelling, which can also change the reason we write cursive, etc. etc, they also help with editing and revising. I always make mistakes. So the computer helps me spell it and it also makes your project look better. That's why I think
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, I have noticed that more and more people are using computers, but not everyone agrees that it is good for society. I firmly believe that computers do benefit society for three reasons. First, computers are a great source of schoolwork. Computers let you know more. Also, a computer is a great way to keep in touch with friends and family. Clearly, you can see why computers can have a positive impact on people and society. The first reason I believe computers are good for society is because computers are an important resource for school work. An example of this would be if a science teacher gave their class an attack that had to be typed. Typing is impossible without a computer. Also, if a project or assignment requires finding information and you don't have time to go to the library during the day, a computer is a great source. Does this make no sense now? Not only do computers help you with homework, but many people also go to college online. My parents didn't have enough money for me to go to college, "says @PERSON1 at age NUM1", so I took free online classes and they worked great! "@CAPS1 Apparently computers have a great impact on people? Aside from your studies, computers are a great place for you to need information. For example, you've just bought a new house and want to know more about that area. Computers are a great place to see update pictures , a great place to learn about your new hometown. 69% of people use computer information to buy a home. People @MONTH1 also want to know basic information about bears or bees is mine It's clear that computers are a great source of learning information and computers have a lot to do with people impact, it benefits society. Finally, computers are a useful way to keep in touch with family and friends. "I have my whole mom side living in @LOCATION1's family. When I started using my computer to keep in touch with them. I feel closer to staying in touch with them. I feel closer and part of a big happy family," said @PERSON2, @NUM2 of @STATE1. People with families living in other states, countries or even other countries don't meet @CAPS2 every day of the year is why computers can help and people stay connected. Another example is if your mom or dad is away for a few days, weeks or months and you want to talk to 10 of them. A good way to do this is to Using email or instant messaging. So I firmly believe that computers are good for people and good for society. All in all, computers are good for society and have a positive impact on people. Computers are a great source for doing your studies, they give you the information you need, And is a great way to keep in touch with family and friends. Obviously, you can see why I strongly believe in the powerful and positive impact of computers on people and society. Thank you!
Dear local nepaper, I recently heard that the idea of computers is not very efficient. Sure, people get information online and have conversations, but that can be a bad thing, and I agree that computers are overused and used for the wrong reasons. For me, the main source of communication is online chat. Even I have been chatting online. Online chat is also a scary thing if you abuse @CAPS1. Children around the world talk to people they have never met. People go abroad because they believe the person they're looking for is the real deal, @CAPS1 is a great way to communicate, just not in the wrong way. Plagourism is happening all over the world, when they didn't create @CAPS1, people just did what they wanted. We think if you get caught in @CAPS1 you could go to jail. Although there is a way to help us talk in general terms. The internet has all the information in the world and people misuse @CAPS1. I've seen some papers with information that they copied and passed @CAPS1 to their papers. You can tell because @CAPS1 is different from everyone else and bad things will happen. Teachers, you must discuss @CAPS1 with your supervisor now. I know I'll do my best not to play games, and I can start by getting my own information. Everyone loves computers and technology, but if everyone can put their computers down for a while, things like plagiarism and abuse or chatting online are limited.
I think @CAPS1 should use a computer so they can help themselves by using a computer? First of all @CAPS1 should use a computer because if they want to record what they do, they can write it directly on the computer. Computers are faster than writing. On a computer, all you have to do is type. You can use your computer to find what you are looking for, for example: a teacher asked to find a giraffe. The only place to find giraffes is to search for giraffes on your computer. That's how to find things, it's easier to find things than to find things in the most ways. Finally, if you have a project that you have to do and it involves pictures and you don't know how to find it, you just find what you're searching for on your computer, and after you've found everything you see, we'll Completed @CAPS2 Have students use computers in the classroom/school so they can easily get help.
Computers have been one of the greatest advances in technology, but also one of the downfalls of society. Computers were originally thought to transmit ideas and far-flung places, but it turns out that computers do it fast. Computers are dangerous devices aimed at young, healthy children. This is the main reason for today's society, heralding a future generation teetering on precarious and weak foundations. These devices are the source of this chaos and must be removed from society immediately, as they rob life of its true benefits, have harmful effects on our health, and support some of the country's deadliest predators. First, computers have been linked to the crime of stealing childhood pleasures. Teen users have soared @PERCENT1 since @DATE1. Surprisingly, the parents surveyed by @PERCENT2 admitted that their kids spend at least @NUM1 hours a day on the computer. This takes away the joy of reading, exercising, being outdoors, and spending time with friends and family. These negative effects have an unhealthy impact on society, especially among teenagers who use it most. As a result, diet and exercise are restricted, obesity increases @PERCENT3, access control or home activity promotes anti-social @CAPS1 This amazing future generation @MONTH1 is indeed balancing on a broken foundation. In addition to restricting diet and exercise, computers are another source of behavior. As long as computers are plugged in, they emit invisible electromagnetic radiation. These waves are associated with disease and cancer. Computer use can lead to brain tumors and leukemia, as well as brain diseases and cancer. Leukemia, when caused at a young age, is difficult to cause and hinders a child's development. Children who are exposed to at least @NUM2 hours a day @ORGANIZATION1 are @NUM3 times more likely to have this chance than a minority of children who spend time outdoors. The ultimate prevention of such risks is for other such reasons, computer and its completeness. Finally, computers are harmful because they are also deadly tools that we turn on. As a teen says without thinking about the web and chtrooms, they are at risk of being attacked by the thousands of child predators that roam the web. Computers contain extremely valuable and secret information such as names, birthdays, genders and even Social Security numbers. Cyber predators can hack into a child's computer and provide this valuable information with just one click, accepting an invitation from a strong man. Or the predator @MONTH1 is less aggressive and asks the kids directly. In fact, a familiar story recounts the misadventure of a local @CAPS2 girl who unknowingly chatted with an online stranger. The online predator successfully invited her to the mall they moved to. Weeks later, several devastating girls were found and burned in the last deadly act of a predator on a teen. Three, the computer is too dangerous, it's a predator's thumb book when they look for their next victim. By removing your computer, you eliminate the threat that online predators pose to your children and you. It's amazing that with the advancement of technology, computers can unleash such harmful effects. Unattractive activities such as exercising and reading are stunned by the constant distraction of computers, its electromagnetic radiation attacks our health, and finally, it supports thousands of ruthless, sneaky online predators in The behavior of your child waiting on the Internet. By removing the root cause of all these troubles, these actions can be prevented and society @MONTH1 is starting to agonize over reform.
A large number of people use computers every day, but not everyone agrees that the technology benefits society. I think computers are beneficial to our way of life in many ways. This very useful technology has a positive impact on people as it enables people to easily send, receive and study a wide variety of information. @PERCENT1 people use computers to get information and get information faster than reading a book on that particular topic. They say this powerful technique is more effective and faster. My cousin and I both got the same research paper to do. He used several books for information on the subject, and I used a computer. This project took me @NUM1 days to complete and he took a whole week to complete. @PERSON1, computer programming expert, said: "Computers make it so fast to receive information. I firmly believe that everyone should have this device. Also, computers help with communication. There are many ways to stay in touch with people all over the world, Such as emails, chat rooms, and sites like @CAPS1 and @CAPS2. These sites are great tools to keep in touch with family and friends and even fans. @PERSON2, the lead singer of @CAPS3 @ORGANIZATION1, says "@CAPS1 is a direct Way to talk to fans, ads post updates about upcoming tours and albums. Not only is it great for bands, but college students as well. My brother is a college student and we communicate through these sites, so he never seems to be that far. Computers can also help with business. Meetings can be conducted via @ORGANIZATION2 or other web chat services. Email is a great way to send information. @NUM2 business meetings are held over the Internet, which is good for professional ethics. Please follow my advice and use the internet and computer. It will benefit the way you communicate and get information.
Introducing @CAPS1 Cingle computers in the world should have internet. The Internet helps people in various ways. Anyone can do homework on a computer. You can even talk to your friends on your computer, email anyone around the world or just play coms. Teachers use computers because it is the easiest way to find the information they may need. Students can use a computer to do a research paper for Let's Say History. You can find any information about anyone or anything on a computer with the internet. Also found a cool thing called microsoft word on some computers. It lets you correct anything you want, and if you mess up a word, you can fix it as needed. Some schools actually provide students with a computer. They can do their homework whenever they need it, just send an email to the teacher there to do the homework. Computers have @MONTH1 tag information, then any book in the world. Because computers have more storage space to store more information. Another great thing about computers is that there are websites that allow you to chat with friends who live near you. But you don't have to actually go to the house there, you can put pictures or you on facebook or myspace or any other site. You can also play games on facebook, myspace or anything else. Schools should use computers because it's the best way to get the information you need to do something. Such as science, math or history assignments. Or even just for fun or to learn something new that you didn't know before. You should agree with me because everything I wrote down is true and pretty much the best way to get a picture or any information. You need to do something. Or even just chatting with a friend you haven't seen in a long time.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 People think computers educate people about the future, but I think they actually hurt children and adults too. First, kids are addicted to computer games, they never go out to exercise. Second, if you ask kids anything about nature, they may not know what to say, but if they spend less time on the computer, they will. Finally, many families today never meet because the kids and their parents are busy with computers. These three reasons explain why computers cannot benefit society. Obesity is a big problem for the kids of @LOCATION1. The reason is that they spend so much time online instead of being outdoors and exercising. Children don't get any fresh air or exercise, which can lead to serious health conditions. Parents sometimes do nothing because they have the same problem. It just goes to show that computers and other technologies are affecting families across the country by making them overweight and overweight. @CAPS1 Kids know nothing about nature. People say computers educate people about things, but nature and the environment are an important part of our lives. Better to know it and help. In the age of computers, the planet could get worse, so they need to be educated about nature and the environment so they can. From my own experience, I know that computers take up the time of your friends and family. Instead of playing computer games at home, you can spend time with your family in the park or pool. My dad always spends time on the computer, we never have time for him. When he realized this, he rearranged his schedule so that we could have more time together. Spending time with your family is important because they are an important part of your life, and less computers will help your family do that. As you can see, being away from the computer will help kids stay in shape and health, educate them about the environment, and help families interact more. If being away from the computer changed my family lifestyle, then it will have the same effect on others. Hope you agree with me as it will definitely have a positive impact.
Dear @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @CAPS1, computers are a great tool, they have had many positive impacts on society in the first place, and computers have created many @CAPS2 forms of communication. Furthermore, they allow us to create the @CAPS2 era in our research. Plus, computers provide us with amazing @CAPS2 entertainment, and computers have an incredibly positive impact on people. One of the reasons computers have had such a positive impact on humanity is that we have developed many @CAPS2 methods to communicate with people all over the world. First, fantastic programs like @CAPS5 (Instant Messaging) give us the amazing ability to have a conversation with one or more people anywhere in the world and be able to respond in an instant. In a recent survey, people at @PERCENT1 said they prefer instant messaging to any other type of communication other than face-to-face conversations, and secondly, most computers now have webcams built in, so you can actually See who is communicating with. I recently had friends who moved and we were able to see what each other was doing and remain friends even though we didn't live in the same town, I'm sure you or someone you know has had a similar experience. Finally, Facebook's popular program changed communication forever. People can now see what's going on in your posts as they want. Although some of it has excellent computers, incredible ways of communicating have been established. The second reason why computers are actively importing people is that they do a lot of research. An example is our phenomenal search engine, Google. Almost everything Google can do to help people find schools now uses computer resources, like ours @CAPS6, which allows research to have so many facts available. Also, computers have created many opportunities for people to learn more, as the billions of web presence in research shows that the folks at @PERCENT2 found a website with information relevant to their research, not a book. Computing is why research continues to flourish and @CAPS2 continues to grow. Finally, computers have built amazing @CAPS2 entertainment for people of all ages. First, video sites like YouTube created a place for people to watch music videos and creative movies, just to enjoy themselves. If you can't get tickets to a concert and you want to go online and watch that person's music video is a cheaper option, secondly, improv sites cost less, but if you go online, you can play similar games for free. In the end, a website with appropriately funny stories on it is a great way to get a comic laugh without getting off the couch, wouldn't you want to stay home instead of going out when you don't have to? Computers are an incredible way to achieve quick, cheap entertainment in today's economy. In conclusion, computers have an impact in many positive ways. They now build forms of communication, research and entertainment that will change society forever. So I invite you to join me in demonstrating the amazing power of computers.
Dear newspaper, have you ever wondered what modern technology has brought us? A good example is computers. Many people use this device to book vacations, talk and build relationships, and discover new ideas that the world must provoke backlash. The scorching sun is shining directly at you, keeping you from a tropical island vacation! Many people go on vacation and what brings them here, when they sit and place. Computers check out hotels and book you, this modern technology has brought many people where they want to go. @CAPS1 with more than @PERCENT1 has a chat account to chat with family and friends. Over @NUM1 miles to @LOCATION1's European country, every time you make a call, it's causing a lot of kills. Modern technology has gone beyond the phone and is now using computers to talk to friends and family from afar. In the process, the computer has processed @NUM2 singletons and expressed relationships. A lot of controversy has arisen due to differences of opinion. Many critics say not many people interact with family and friends. On the other hand, there are a lot of people on the computer who are connecting and communicating @CAPS2 they can make plans for @CAPS3, and many reviewers are using the computer. While this is true, there should be a decision to improve human health by limiting use. Setting standards on a computer can improve this problem and help with exercise. In this case, I strongly disagree with the critics and my good use. If they took them away, not only would people's files fall, but everyone would be cluttered on the run. Finally, discover places and sites that can even teach a smart boy or girl something new. After reading this, if it turns out my @CAPS4 should be admired by many.
Dear local paper, computer! Computers have a great impact on people. Advances in computer technology benefit society. Computers give people a place to chat with others, study on school websites, and teach people hand-eye coordination. Computers are changing the world. Computers provide a place for people to interact with others. There are thousands of websites that have chat venues and are online chat rooms. This gives you a place to talk to others and even get an idea of what's going on around the world. Also, chat rooms on your computer can help friends stay connected all the time. Research shows that 90% of @CAPS1 have a chat room to go with friends, and they tend to have more friends than no friends. Obviously, interacting with others on a computer has a huge impact on people. School websites also benefit people in our society. It empowers us to learn more about what we've learned in school, and maybe the ability to learn new things as well. When almost every school in @LOCATION1 has a school website, this can help students who are struggling at school. I know from my experience that whenever I forget what an assignment is or need on a quiz or test, I can always Find the school I need on my computer. When a computer knows it's good for our society. Computers also teach hand-eye coordination. When you use your computer to play games or do anything, it teaches you how to move the mouse quickly and keep your eyes on the screen. I always do this whenever I have the ability to use a computer. That's because on all the sites, it teaches us hand-eye coordination, and I just had fun . 95% of people who use a computer enjoy using it. This is 95% of people who are learning more hand-eye coordination. If it's not good for society, then nothing. As I've shown, computers do indeed benefit society. I firmly believe that computers have a positive impact on people. That's because it provides a place for people to interact with others, learn stuff on school websites, and they teach hand-eye coordination. In conclusion, computers have a strong influence on people today.
One click to open another page of information at your convenience @LOCATION4, these reliable, smart and easy-to-use devices are always yours. Although, people are now starting to think that these handy desktops are bad for your health because of the strong belief that we are not getting enough exercise or outdoor activities. Well, the computer is also a great entertainment system with a huge supply of information and even allows for socializing with friends/family. I don't understand why they say that. So let me express to you my love for computers. TV, radio, and @NUM1 payers are no match for the internet, a widespread entertainment system. There are all the really interesting movies, iTunes tracks, and even websites where you can make your own movies on your computer. Post pictures on @CAPS1 and email them with just a click of a mouse. The internet is clearly the best reason for family movie night. One of the Internet's greatest experts is a living resource of information. Google, Wikipedia, and even dictionary.com are @DATE1's largest information site. While nature viewing and exercising are healthy and fun, I'd much rather get to know the sunny beaches of @CAPS2 or the stunning vistas of @LOCATION1. If you're looking up how to tie a tie, or even looking up information about your historical reports, @CAPS3 is definitely an easy task. How can you talk to your friends around the world in @LOCATION2 or Germany. The answer is simple, skype, fiacebook, myspace, etc. are all available at your convenience @CAPS3. Many sites have a free policy, so they can't charge them to socialize with their friends. As a personal experience, I can now talk to my cousin wqho who lives in @LOCATION3 and @LOCATION1 because facebook's interactive site is awesome. Why would you spend time walking through town not sure if they are there. Obviously, the internet is a great social activity. Now that I've given my opinion on the wonderful effects of the internet, such as entertainment systems, world history information, and even socializing with friends. My people will keep their eyes open for great uses for computers.
Dear local paper, I think computers have a positive effect on people because it helps them learn about foreign countries, it allows them to connect with family and friends who live far away, and it helps them get work done. Computers help people understand foreign places. Before my uncle goes to @LOCATION4, he wants to learn about their culture. He turns on his computer, studies @CAPS1 culture, and gets ready. How would you feel if you went to another country and didn't know anything about it? What if you go to that country and do something that doesn't respect their culture and you don't know because you didn't study it? I know I will be sad. Now some people may say you can read a book about that country, but not everyone has time to sit down and read a book. Computers make the world a smaller place and help us understand each other. I think it's very positive. isn't it? People connect with each other through computers. More than @PERCENT1 people who have left family and friends reconnect with them via computer. There are now social networking sites like @CAPS2, @CAPS3 and @CAPS4 that give people the opportunity to connect with family or friends who live far away. When I moved from @LOCATION2 to @LOCATION1 I thought I would never see my best friend again. But then, I got a @CAPS3 and found her there. I am very happy. We exchanged numbers and addresses. Now every day I chat with her on the computer. Also, the only way I can talk to my aunt who lives in @LOCATION3 is through the computer. I can't talk to her on the phone because that would increase my phone bill. Another reason computers are positive is that it can help people find their biological parents or siblings. It brings them together and helps them reconnect. Computers help people do their jobs. @CAPS6 people at any company have a laptop. It helps them store data, files and important information. Computers are essential for these people. Plus, it helps them keep track of the company if they go on vacation. How would you feel if you owned a business and went on vacation, but couldn't keep track of it because you didn't have a computer. Computers have a positive impact on people because it helps to know places, talk to their families, and keep track of their work.
Dear @PERSON4, I firmly believe that using computers is good for the community. One reason I feel this way is that computers can improve hand-eye coordination and other skills. These computers provide access to games that are helpful for @ORGANIZATION2 training. In fact, @ORGANIZATION2, @LOCATION1, @CAPS1, just started using these games as part of their training on @DATE1. Instructors report that the skills of @ORGANIZATION2 trainees and students are much better than they have been in years past. In addition, computer games can improve reflexes. Two years ago, a man named @PERSON3, @NUM1, fell onto the tracks as a train passed by. Through extraordinary reflexes, he managed to jump away, saving his life. When asked how @CAPS5 is doing, he said he has been playing computer games since the age of @NUM2. These games also make you smarter. @DATE2 study by @ORGANIZATION1 reports brain @PERCENT1 is more active after computer use. The researchers obtained these data by attaching electrolytes to patients' brains before and after using the computer. @CAPS5 It is for these reasons that computers improve hand-eye coordination and other skills. Another reason computers are beneficial is that they allow you to chat online. They can even strengthen your relationship by allowing you to communicate with family members who live far away. I recently got in touch with my cousin who moved to @LOCATION3. Letters are too expensive and take too long, but email and Skype offer us a great alternative. These computers can also improve social skills. @PERSON1, who lives in town, said, "I love using a computer because I can talk to my friends anytime, and I think @CAPS5 can really help us communicate." Who wouldn't love a machine that does that? These computers can even improve your mood. In a test conducted by @ORGANIZATION3 on @DATE3, @NUM3 people were placed in a separate room with a PC for @NUM4 hours. Afterwards, @PERCENT2 said their mood had improved. Computers are great because they allow you to talk online. Finally, computers can teach you about other places. Today, virtual tours are becoming more and more common. In fact, at @CAPS2.org you can take virtual tours to more than @NUM5 different countries, including @LOCATION5, @LOCATION4, @LOCATION2 and @LOCATION6. You can also learn about other cultures and their traditions through online videos on youtube.com and articles on the free encyclopedia wikipedia.org. You can even learn new recipes. Not only does celebrity chef extraordinary @PERSON2 post all of her recipes online on mstewart.com, she even finds some of them! In a recent interview with @CAPS3 Magazine, when asked where she found some of her best recipes, including her famous @CAPS4 chocolate cake, @PERSON2 admitted that she finds most of it online, saying: "@CAPS5 is a powerful resource that more people should use. Al @CAPS6 currently has the best cookbooks in the world! @CAPS5 Because of this, computers can teach you about other places. Thank you for your time and I hope you can Considering what I said. @CAPS5 For all these reasons, I firmly believe that computers are good for the community.
Dear local paper, I recently read that you think people spend too much time on the computer instead of exercising or hanging out with friends and family. Well, I think the opposite of that point of view. People can interact with people online if they want to. People can also learn new things. Plus computers help people make money. So read on to find out more. Most people who use computers interact with people in some way. @PERCENT1 owns facebook, myspace, skype, or all three. on any website you interact with people. We can meet new people on the Internet. Like someone on the other side of the state or country. We also hear what's going on in our big city or small town. For example, if there is a missing child, we know the description so we can help find him or her. People can not only interact, but also research useful information. For example, one day I was told to do a project on teenage mothers. I went straight to the library and pulled out some books and stuff that I couldn't find in books. I go to the computer. We can also learn about distant places like @LOCATION2 or @LOCATION1. My mom always said, "@CAPS1 your room or @CAPS2 will give your stuff to someone in need." @CAPS3 The first time she told me I go to the computer and see what other people think of me. Some houses are nice, nice, big houses, but others live in boxes and trash cans. That changed my time a lot, and I think these people are really important. Finally, computers help people make money and support their families. @PERCENT2 found their work on the computer in all of them. They can go to the site to find good security jobs that make money. Plus, if you have a computer, you can easily work from home. Some people have no money for a babysitter, so they have to look after their children all day, so they have to work from home to earn money. Finally, people can apply online for jobs and even community service. My sister @PERSON1 got her first job by visiting the @CAPS4 museum website and applying directly from her computer. So computers are fine. I say this because people can interact with other people online, people can research useful information, and finally computers can help people find jobs and make money. Do you use your computer for any of the following reasons?
Dear newspaper, @CAPS1 is a small world after all - it's getting smaller as computers become more widely used. Thousands of websites and apps are now at your fingertips. I firmly believe that the impact of computers has been very positive. On the one hand, they increase hand-eye coordination. On the other hand, they are a great way to communicate. Finally, they are a very powerful research tool. Some @MONTH1 say that computers are reducing time with family and friends, but I disagree. Computers help us stay connected more than ever! Computers are not evil - quite the opposite! First, computers are great for improving hand-eye coordination. In a recent study by @PERSON1, he noticed that children aged @NUM1 to @NUM2 experienced significant improvements in motor skills after using educational computer programs like @CAPS2 @CAPS3 once a day for half an hour. Children who did not use the procedure were thought to develop motor skills at a much lower rate. Hand-eye coordination is a skill required from birth to death and should be encouraged as much as possible. I know @CAPS1 has greatly helped me in my daily life - and maybe yours too - from eating and brushing your teeth to the most basic tasks like typing, drawing and playing the piano. As you can see, hand-eye coordination is very important. My second reason is that computers are excellent communication aids. People can't always be reached by phone. Whenever and wherever they check @CAPS1 there will be an email waiting for them online. Additionally, files can be emailed, which is nearly impossible for a home phone, and intractable for most cell phones. Revolutionary video conferencing programs like @ORGANIZATION2 even allow us to converse with people all over the world, almost face-to-face. I use @CAPS1 to keep in touch with my family on @LOCATION2. How about you? Last - but (at the risk of sounding clichÃ©) definitely not least - computers are very powerful research tools. From the local zoo's schedule (thus preventing toddlers from crashing when they arrive to find out that @CAPS1 is down) to the average lifespan of @CAPS4 elephants (@NUM3 years). Instead of browsing book after book for a piece of information, plug your query into any of the many search engines, from @ORGANIZATION1 to @CAPS5., and find the answer right away. Find information about @LOCATION3 without buying a ticket. Check out @LOCATION1's photos - a sight most people would never see without the internet. Computers can take us anywhere. In conclusion, computers are a great resource, but often misrepresented as a bad image. Computers teach and improve valuable hand-eye coordination. Also, they help a lot with communication. Finally, they are a powerful research device. Computers are often seen as the bane of society. This is not true. They are great tools for all ages. Technology is not our enemy. Don't think of @CAPS1 as one.
Who @MONTH1 is following: I hear people talking about whether computers are good for us or bad for us. I think computers are great. They allow us to talk to people all over the world. They give us the ability to understand things. In the end, they save us money. Aren't these good for us? I agree. Read on to learn more about why computers are so good. First, computers allow us to converse with people all over the world. A lot of my family live in different @CAPS1s and that's how I talk to them from my computer. If you leave all your friends and family, don't you want to keep in touch with them? Well, you can chat with them on your computer. To keep things going, computers give us the opportunity to learn different things. If I go on "@CAPS2.com" I can enter whatever I want and get information about it. Or I get an answer to a question. Are you a parent who wants to know how your child is doing in school? You can visit their school website and see their grades in each class. All in all, computers save us money every day. If you need to find information on an item without a computer, you'll have to drive all the way to the library and buy a book. But with a computer, you can easily access information in your own home. In conclusion, you can see that computers benefit us in many ways. Thay allows us to talk to friends and family all over the world. They give us the opportunity to find information quickly and easily. In the end, they save us money every day. Thank you for reading my letter, I'm sure it convinces you that computers are a good thing.
How would you like to get "@CAPS1" in your social research report? What if you can't see your school friends at all after school? What if you're too bored to watch TV or play games? Some experts are about people because they think they spend too much time using computers and not enough time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. On your computer: you can watch videos and play games, you can chat with people, and you can even improve your grades. Honestly, I think the idea of people using computers too much is a stupid idea @CAPS2, let's see how computers can change your life. Suppose you have a history report tomorrow, you forgot your history book at school, and you don't know anything about the report. If you don't pay, you will fail, so why not turn on your computer and open a web browser. I remember @TIME1 I was doing a report on @CAPS4 @CAPS3. I really didn't know anything about them and I didn't get my book home. I turned on the internet and entered @CAPS4 @CAPS3 in @ORGANIZATION1 and @DATE1 and found that I got @NUM1 in the report. You can also use a computer to find information about things you may have learned at school. "@TIME1 @DATE1, I was reading about @CAPS6 @CAPS7 and a few days later @DATE1 we talked about how @CAPS7 might be made. I'm the only student in our grade who knows the answer to this. You can use school related A computer that plays games. For example, how fast can you do all these multiplication problems or division problems. See what the computer can do. If you have bad grades (without a computer), you will go to a bad college, The job is not good either, but if you have good grades (computers) you will go to a good university and then get a good job. Next, let's see how to chat or talk to people. You can do this by using @CAPS8 Messaging with someone or a free conversation with @ORGANIZATION2 on your computer. Research shows that @PERCENT1 people who own a computer have @CAPS8 or @ORGANIZATION2 installed on their computer. You can also chat with The exchange has an email address. I remember having issues with my laptop p and my crush knew everything about them. So I emailed him and told him how I got a response, and I fixed mine Laptops. You can do this by meeting them online and then interacting with them in public. Everyone knows those dating sites that match two people with them. Computers can really be a part of your life. Finally, let Let's see what you can do on your computer when you're bored. Why do you go to youtube to watch videos that look appropriate and interesting?" @CAPS10 I'm done with my homework and I don't know what to do so I go online and just spend my time Watching youtube videos, sometimes people like to play games. Just @TIME1, I was playing Tetris but only played @NUM2 minutes because I needed a good night before @CAPS11. You can also listen to the radio on the website. Statistics show that @PERCENT2 is in the car of @CAPS10 listening to the radio. But @PERCENT3 also listens to radio more online than @PERCENT4. Computers can not only improve your grades, improve your life, but entertain you. As you can see, saving the computer is a stupid idea, absolutely nonsense. Computers can and make you. Honestly, I've never seen anyone switch on a computer.
Dear local @CAPS1, I don't think computers affect people because I believe they actually benefit people and the way people live computers not just play games, in some cases help you gain knowledge that computers can be used for entertainment, Work, research, projects, etc. Not just for games. Computers help people do their jobs. For example, if you are a lawyer, @MONTH1 needs a computer to enter your documents. If you have a bad character and have a job like a lawyer. It's a problem that you @MONTH1 need to refer to something in the documentation and can't read it. So in that case, that's the role of the commuter. I also don't think computers have an impact on people, because through avant-garde schools, sometimes kids need the internet. Some people do not choose a library, there is no library near them. By using a computer to get information on a project or homework, I think it's a benefit, not an effect. I have another reason to think that computers are a benefit, not an effect. I believe that if you have @CAPS2 or @CAPS3, you have the opportunity to meet people from all over the world. In this way, you can learn something that you can learn about their way of life and culture. Thank you for reading my letter and hope you will reconsider your decision.
As the debate on whether computers are good for society continues, I am writing to you to tell you my opinion on the matter. I believe the benefits of computers outweigh their disadvantages. I believe this is because. First, computers brought online communication. There are also computers to promote learning, and I have to mention computers to promote employment. As I mentioned, computers brought online communication. Now, after reading this article, there must be a side in your mind that defines this good online communication, including social networking sites up facebook and twitter, don't forget my space. This also includes email and blogs and some chat sites. OK, but how do these inventions improve our lives. These inventions allow long-distance communication to bring people "closer together". @CAPS1 For example, my uncle lives in @LOCATION1. Through facebook, my mom can talk to him anytime and from their relatives. So online communication with @MONTH1 is very necessary as @CAPS1 does. You can also use email to communicate with others, although it spreads more slowly than other electronic communications. Also, I mentioned learning. Computers can improve learning in many ways. Computers improve learning because they speed up the flow of information to students who can visit these places and school websites to learn more about specific events happening at school. @CAPS1 Example, I retrieve nightly homework on the school's website and read the next day's daily bulletin. Teachers may post helpful tips for assignments and @MONTH1 post detailed instructions for assignments. A few weeks ago, computers could improve learning by assisting research projects @CAPS1 example, my health class is the information cart for our illicit drugs project. So with the information, we made all kinds of brochures from it.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, Some @MONTH1 think computers are helping our society, but I disagree. People sitting in front of computers don't get exercise and don't see beautiful nature. Do you want to get fat next to a metal box? People also don't visit friends and family, which are the most important things. people in your life. Do you want to be someone who sits at a computer all day and gets fat, or doesn't want to keep fit while exercising. The only exercise you get on a computer is your fingers. So you should get rid of the lazy bum, the bum, and do some old-fashioned exercise. Yes, computers will teach you something, but exercise will teach you something when you get fit. Who doesn't want to see the beauty of nature. Yes, you can see pictures of nature on your computer, but these are just a bunch of pixels mixed together. In the real world, everything is natural and sometimes even more beautiful than on a computer. Why not sound better than a computer. All cool, healthy people enjoy nature outdoors, so be one of the cool ones, get out and forbid yourself from looking at exotic plants and beautiful animals. You can sit at your computer and do both with your friends and family Friends and family can also help you get through tough times without them because they know you will be in life. So, do yourself a favor, put down your computer, and visit some truly great people. Don't leave that computer now or never, or your family and friends will leave you and you'll get fat on top of that. Do you want to be that person? You will also miss the beauty of nature. So go, go, go, and have fun.
I have come to realize that there is disagreement about the positive and negative effects of computers on people. In my opinion, in my opinion, computers have more negative effects on people than positive effects. I believe that people spend too much time on the computer instead of exercising, they don't have a good time with family and friends, they need fresh air and enjoy nature. Even though computers are a great technology, many people don't go outside to enjoy nature and fresh air because their computer is right at home. It's not good because it helps with healthy skin in the sun and gets fresh air into your lungs when you're outside. Also, it doesn't hurt to take a walk outside and enjoy nature. It relieves stress and relaxes. Also, it's clear that when people are using computers, they often block what friends and family are saying to them. People can forget the time and spend hours on the computer. Instead, you should use this time with your friends and family. Being with your family makes your bonds stronger and you get along better. Also, enjoying quality family time is a great way to reunite with your family. @NUM1 of @NUM2 experts say eating family dinners can help kids improve grades and prevent them from taking drugs or dropping out of high school or college. In the end, kids are fatter than us because they don't get enough exercise. Recent research shows that at least @PERCENT1 or more kids are obese. Because of this; this can lead to bone and joint problems, heart disease, lung problems, diabetes and asthma. These problems are serious health problems if left untreated. If kids exercise instead of sitting in front of a computer all day, the number of obese kids will plummet. Excersize can help children build self-esteem and get them back in shape. They can either play sports or go for a walk or run. There are so many different things you can do to exercise and have fun with your kids. No doubt there must be more reasons why computers have negative effects on children/adults for the reasons mentioned above and more. Computers prevent people from enjoying nature for fresh air. Also, they prevent family and friends from spending time with each other, and finally, it does not allow children to exercise, which can lead to obesity.
I would agree because computers do help people with other things like vacation spots, work, gifts and shopping. Computers have so many uses. But the creators of computers were concerned that people were spending too much time on them. It's mostly about consumers and users, most of whom complain that they don't have time for family and friends. You never know if a user is looking for vacation travel for friends and family. What conserners don't get is that computers can teach you a lot, history, math, science experiments, and more. Schools also use computers to help students with homework, and even teachers use computers to grade. It's a fact that people don't go out for fresh air or even go for a walk in the park. It's crazy that they can't leave themselves on the computer like @NUM1 hours. So I will go with both sides. It's better to enjoy life and then just find things you don't really need. You should just keep paying the bills and furnishing your house. That's why the computer was invented.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 In a world where unemployment is skyrocketing, people can't communicate or learn fast, everyone is stressed. This is what the world would look like if computers just disappeared. I think computers are better for society than some people think. They teach us new things and help us with hand-eye coordination. Many jobs are computer-related, such as accounting. Computer games and @CAPS2 help get you out of trouble after a hard day. Schools are the backbone of society. They teach children and teens how to be successful adults. Computers go a long way in speeding up the teaching process. Teachers can now get grades quickly. My computer helps me.
Dear Newspaper: I just read your recent article on how weather computers are helping or destroying society. I think it's helpful because without the internet I can't learn how to do things like clear the right way. It took time to learn, but through the internet I learned it quickly. If you do it the wrong way, it can demoralize you, and maybe even let you down. There are many other uses where you can't find your family counting on you. You can do two things, you can panic and let everyone down, you can go or the internet and save. But what I have is not real. Computers do affect the way people exercise and I know what you are. But you have. Clear enough. The internet does affect how you exercise. Its advantages are how to stay healthy better and more efficiently. There are also drawbacks; some include heat. All of these can lead to different things like going or. It's not, it's just your bad thing. In short, just by doing the right things, you'll be healthier than ever.
Dear readers @ORGANIZATION1 @LOCATION3, During this time, pretty much all @CAPS33 @CAPS39 revolves around technology, @CAPS1, @CAPS2, @CAPS3, and @CAPS10. @CAPS4 changed so quickly, no @CAPS5 @CAPS39 @CAPS33 Still have time to stop and smell it? Instead of watching fall's standout @CAPS6 or @ORGANIZATION2 or playing @CAPS7 or baseball on the treadmill, people are sitting on chairs @ORGANIZATION2 watching @CAPS8 videos or playing games like @CAPS9 or @CAPS10 @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS11 , in @LOCATION5 health issues have become epidemic! why? Because @CAPS12 is better than enjoying the fresh air and open fields @CAPS13 has to offer @CAPS33 is enjoying @CAPS14 @NUM1 or our @ORGANIZATION4 @CAPS15 @CAPS16! As @CAPS40 @LOCATION5 @CAPS21 @DATE1 has gone from @NUM2 @CAPS19 (@LOCATION1, @LOCATION2) @LOCATION6, @LOCATION4, @ORGANIZATION4 - @CAPS17 and @CAPS18) with @PERCENT2 @CAPS35 fat to @CAPS29 @NUM3 @CAPS19 and @PERCENT1 @CAPS35! More @PERCENT3 @ORGANIZATION1 @LOCATION5! @CAPS20 What are the other rates for @CAPS21 compared to @DATE1? The number of @ORGANIZATION1 households who own a computer, their @CAPS35 rating for each household! @DR1 @CAPS22 @CAPS23 a @CAPS24 in their @ORGANIZATION4 your @CAPS25 @CAPS26 Dr. he found that in their last @NUM4 @CAPS27 their number @ORGANIZATION1 type @NUM5 diabetes almost doubled! @PERSON1 arrives ahead of @ORGANIZATION6 (@ORGANIZATION1) @CAPS28 with an article by @ORGANIZATION3. In his post, he lamented: "@CAPS29 @PERCENT4 @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS30 @ORGANIZATION4 More than one computer per household - wait! @CAPS14, @CAPS15 and @ORGANIZATION5 have all performed well in this recession Very good, and sporting goods, books, and exercise equipment done right. @CAPS33 of @ORGANIZATION6 believes this is the main reason for @CAPS32's growing lack of @ORGANIZATION1 workouts and increased use of home computer time. Equally important, if all This time spent on the computer affects the kids, "@CAPS33 @CAPS34 on @CAPS35 @NUM5 1 /@NUM5 is playing with the computer every day. "@CAPS36 as @PERSON2, author of @ORGANIZATION4. Kids being @CAPS34 in less playtime has become a parent movement and more time there "amazing @ORGANIZATION4 @CAPS15 laptop" playing video games! I'm @ NUM8, I've been playing @CAPS7 in @LOCATION3 for @NUM9 @CAPS27! @CAPS21 I'm @NUM10. The @LOCATION3 tour group used to have so many people trying it was hard to get on, @CAPS38 so few people played because barly needed Try! As I grow @CAPS20 I'll probably get a job somewhere, working for some big business like Google Teaching needs to do, so I'll probably be working on a computer, so for @CAPS38, I want to enjoy being a kid! He shouldn't let kids waste this on video games, they will waste too much @ORGANIZATION1 and their life will be blocked by computers later. @CAPS33 is talking about @ORGANIZATION1 the health of this @CAPS40! Americus futer, kids @ORGANIZATION1 Tomorrow, @CAPS39 @CAPS33 Want a @CAPS40 where everyone has diabetes and a computer for divers? Change @CAPS33 around @CAPS4 @MONTH1 via @CAPS10 No matter how difficult it is, one thing needs to be kept No change. That is @CAPS33 needs @CAPS41 @CAPS20 and helps keep @CAPS10 in good shape, and @CAPS33 can't @CAPS39 from behind a computer screen. Thanks for your time.
Dear @PERSON1, I'm on the computer side. You @MONTH1 think I'm only saying this because I'm @NUM1 years old, which is basically what I do for fun. Computers are really good for society because they are fun, they are a source of communication, they are good for schooling and work. Computers are not just @CAPS1, but @CAPS6 processors and @ORGANIZATION1 and more. Computers provide games for everyone from @NUM2 to @NUM3. It's raining outside, my parents are at work, and I have nothing to do and turn on the computer. Play a game. There are many interesting sites for everyone. Computers also provide a good source of communication. There are various types of @CAPS2 mail. @CAPS5, @ORGANIZATION4, @CAPS3, @CAPS4 and many other sites are great for chatting with friends. Not everyone has a cell phone, so when you talk to them via @CAPS5 or anyone else, it's nice to chat. Computers provide an excellent educational resource. If you are working on a historical project and need more information and pictures, please log into your computer and @ORGANIZATION3. In our school we have edline which tells us all our homework. It's very convenient. Now they also have online tutors. Very good. Computers are great for work. @ORGANIZATION3, @CAPS6, @ORGANIZATION1, @ORGANIZATION5 and other @ORGANIZATION2 wear or other companies. You can find your information and get something out of it. It is very, very useful for business people. As you can see, computers have many great uses. I think computers influence people in a positive way by helping people in a positive way. Computers are permitted for entertainment, communication, educational purposes and work use. Computers are a good thing, @CAPS7, don't you think?
Dear @LOCATION1, min, people are complaining. They complain about how computers interfere with their homes and lives. But it teaches adults and children new things. On the computer is an experience. You can search for almost anything on your computer. You can learn about the history or about the present time. Like once I was searching (@CAPS1.com) how to fix playstation @NUM1 controller. I found out how to do this and it worked. When you're on your computer, you can interact with friends, find out about the weather, and see if you have any homework. Computers also teach you how to do different things. Like this time I learned to do a hard somersault. A computer can also help you with your homework. Like if you have a science assignment and you want to find a word, you can search for it. Or, if you're looking for a book for @LOCATION2, you can search the site for good books or ask a friend. Computers help many different people in many different ways. You know what people say about computers being bad. If you have a TV with a gaming system it's like having a computer, right? But don't kill yourself for a cheap one. But I do recommend that everyone should have a computer, they are both useful and fun.
Almost everyone in @LOCATION1 has used a computer at some point in their life. Computers are a way to teach hand-eye coordination through programming, games, and typing. The internet can be used to study different distant cultures, as well as one's own way of life. This compact and sophisticated technology is getting more and more sophisticated. Realizing how much computers help in everyday life, people will be a fall or a support for the advancement of computer technology. A very basic but obvious consequence of using a computer is hand-eye coordination. Children have been learning to type on a keyboard since they were in elementary school. Special programs help children learn essential skills while enjoying practice. I remember typing when I was little, just fighting a few years old. I'm always excited when my mom and I go to Barnes and Noble School to learn a new typing program. I especially enjoy "Learning to Type" and the @CAPS1 typing course, as well as teaching kids to type, teaching hand-eye coordination in high school, college, and the workplace. Young adults and adults need typing, resemes and apps. In this age, the age of technology has begun, and typing is necessary. Another way to teach hand-eye coordination is through computer games. Simple challenges like solitaire, gems, or racing teach skills and more advanced games, such as World at War, require perfect coordination, both by typing and by playing, both on a computer. While some experts worry that "people are spending too much time on computers and less time enjoying nature," you can learn about geography, travel, and nature. An amazing thing about computers is the World Wide Web. This includes millions of websites, pages, search engines and information that you will use in future geographic uses? Are you planning a trip and do you need to find a definition for the word "cognitive"? @CAPS1 is about you, a legitimate site can accommodate you, all you need to do is search. Instead of having to travel to learn about special wonders, because travel is expensive, you can just click and type and search on your computer and you can learn about cultures and rituals from a long time ago. Information you can find at the museum @NUM1 years ago. @CAPS1 Sophisticated and easy-to-use technology A world of simple pictures, art and history at your fingertips.
Did you know that four out of five households have a computer? But why so many? This is because computers have a positive effect on people, have you ever wondered why? Using a computer, you can connect with people in different parts of @CAPS1. You can search for different information through the Internet. Computers also facilitated other electronic inventions. What do @LOCATION5, @LOCATION2, @LOCATION6 and @LOCATION7 have in common? You can use your computer to contact people there! While talking to the people around @CAPS1, you can learn about some culture or way of life that you didn't know before. You may make new friends along the way. Imagine a hardworking businessman living in @LOCATION1, if you will. He works for a @CAPS1 - famous company and has to have a meeting with the big boss of @LOCATION4. Wouldn't it be easier to set up a video chat? In this way, the flight of the plane is trouble-free and much easier. Why do you think it's called @CAPS1-@CAPS2 @CAPS3? Through the Internet, you can search for an unlimited amount of information. Animals, sports, reports to do on @LOCATION3, where do you go to find easy-to-read information right away? Search for him on @ORGANIZATION1 or @ORGANIZATION2. You will never find out. There are new additions every day. How do you download music to @NUM1 without a computer? No, you have to use a computer. Computers benefit many other electronic devices. You can download videos, print photos and charge @CAPS4 and other electronic devices. The technology these days is impressive. It gave birth to widely used computers. Computers have a great positive impact on our way of life. It's easier than ever to connect with others around @CAPS1. Information can be found immediately. With a computer, other electronic devices can also work.
Dear @LOCATION1, @CAPS1, do you believe people are spending so much on computers? In a survey, @PERCENT1 of @NUM1 would rather use a computer and walk in as a part. People who spend a lot of time on the computer lack important things. For example, they spend so much time on the computer that they lose time to exercise, enjoy nature, and interact with friends and family. Computers have negative effects on people. Many people only work out @NUM2 minutes. But you forget to excrise or just go for @NUM3 minutes when you are dazed on your computer or distracted on facebook. Because you want to go back to the computer. The computer on your desk stares at you, and your sampling continues. At the same time, a yoga mat or weight is also sitting on the ground, making noises at you. However, computers are fun and less frustrating. Therefore, you prefer to go to the computer and then go to work. The computer puts you at ease because you rarely think about how to do it right, but because you think about computer games, you play facebook, email and more on the computer. So computers are unhealthy for people. Nature is beautiful, trees are swaying in the air, butterflies are flying in the air, and it is suitable for all seasons. However, there's a desk and some photos in the stuffy room, and it's the peace people get when @MONTH1 is on the computer all the time. People miss out on enjoying nature. Commuters don't walk on the beach because they don't take long walks in the woods, dad doesn't walk in the ark, they miss out on fresh air and seeing the tranquility that nature offers us. Instead, they sat in chairs staring at computer screens. However, can this be compared to enjoying the beauty of nature? Computers are testing people who enjoy nature. Hanging out with friends is a fun thing for @CAPS1 to be family, but if you're at the computer, how do you want to be with them? They don't go online with friends or family. This may affect their future they may grow up sad and lonely not knowing how to deal with people they find work around people their jobs. People who are addicted to computers miss out on doing fun things with some people they have lost or loved around. A computer may be a distant friend, but it's better to call that friend. They might rather hear the wires then. See a message that gets friends and family interested in computers. Now that you know how computers affect people, you can understand why I am a computer. They cut the people's expenses and let the people not enjoy nature. People want to hang out with friends and family. So hopefully you can see the ill effects of your computer.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 Do you like a place that can control you @CAPS1 and where you go? I know I @CAPS1. Well, if you're with me, then the computer is your cup of tea, and I think computers have a positive impact on society. I think that's the main reason why @NUM1 @CAPS2, along with others, keeps updating what's going on, and learning tools just make up some of the fascinating aspects that computers have. So read on, I know that based on my knowledge below, you will think about computers as much as I do. This computer has attracted the attention of more than 2 million people through the online social networks facebook, myspace and @CAPS3, which is the main attraction. In all of these sites, you can find out what's happening with your friends and the latest news from around the world. These online social networks connect you and the people in your life on wild online adventures. All of these sites provide the information people want and keep them logging back in every day. I think these sites are great and can only improve society. This is my first benefit of using a computer. Another way computers provide is world news and the major events and dramas that are happening in our society. Many news channels have their own websites and update what's happening on their shows. They provide pictures, stories and actual videos of what's going on right now. Computers help us Americans understand what's going on in @LOCATION1, and let @LOCATION1 know what's going on in @LOCATION1 and @CAPS4. S isn't the only trough computer delivering international news and gossip to everyone. This is another reason why computers are good for society. There's a lot we kids don't know, and if we need some in-depth information, we'll search on the computer. Computers provide websites with every information you can think of. For example, if I'm stuck on some science homework, I might type my question on ask.com and get a great answer. Parents and teachers want their children to be successful, and computers will undoubtedly help. In conclusion, I gave you @NUM1 good, well thought out reasons why computers can benefit society. @CAPS2 and others, global updates and school information are in the great technology called computers. I hope you believe me that computers have a positive impact on society.
Dear local paper, I think there are many reasons why computers are helpful to our society. For example, we can chat with friends online. Not only that, but you can learn more about the number of steps you want to visit. It's also true that you can get more hand-eye coordination with those pretty designs. Read on to learn how to talk to friends on your computer. You can chat with friends on your computer through one of the most common sites, facebook. @NUM1 people use Facebook, that's @PERCENT1! Not only that, but you can also meet new people on PC by talking about games or trending @CAPS1.V. show. '@CAPS1 Nice to meet all of you old school friends you've never met' @CAPS1. My mom always said that's how she stayed close to her friends, and so did I. Do you want to learn about far-flung places without spending money? If you do, then you should definitely search for some good websites that explain the culture and other details of other parts of the world. It's also true that you can take a quick history lesson on some web pages. If you're going on a trip and you don't know @CAPS1, then you can use the beloved internet. Read on to learn how the internet can help with hand-eye coordination. You can use a computer in a number of ways to achieve hand-eye coordination. For example, you can practice typing and other work items. @PERCENT2 People with computers type faster than they write. It's almost everyone. Not only that, but don't '@CAPS1 Do you think typing is faster than writing? You can also see the word you are typing and press it with your hand. Thank you for reading my article on why computers benefit our society. Remember, we learn more from computers every day. You can also chat with friends. Finally, you can plan your trip.
Dear @CAPS1, the computer in use does have a positive effect on people. For example, there is better communication with friends and family, you can get instant news on any topic, and you can get advanced education. Imagine if no important business tried to reach you on your cell phone, but you missed the call. Don't worry this person won't contact you with a simple email. The computer is also a positive influence because if you have a facebook or other interactive website, you know what's going on in your friends' lives without having to contact them to find out what's going on with them. Every adult will watch the news at night to see what @CAPS2 is up to, what if they go to bed early. How do you know what happened? That's when you go online to see what you've missed, you may have missed what happened at @LOCATION2 and @LOCATION3, or the war at @LOCATION1, or even a tragedy near you. Not only will you get better communication and news at your fingertips, but you'll also get higher education. If a student is working on a science project, but the work does not contain all the information, the internet is a way to extend education. Besides, there is more. So computers really have a positive impact on the people you can stay in communication with, stay up to date and get an advanced education
Dear local paper, this article will discuss the reasons why computers are broken. First of all, computers are terrible because people don't have time to enjoy the beauty and warmth of nature. The second reason is because they simply don't spend time with family or friends there, the only time they're away from the computer is to pay bills and buy games for the computer. The third reason is how they're going to get a job because they don't want to get up and get a job because there's a lot of fun there until they turn off the lights and then he'll do stupid things to pay for it. You can start playing again, which will make the hin play over and over again. That's why owning a computer is bad. But where are people's lives going now, because some people like to play games on computers and some people don't, that's why some computers are bad for some people. This is just my opinion, there are many more who may think so. Thanks for taking the time to read this article.
The reason I think computers are good is because people like to do their jobs, or kids like to play games on the computer. The second reason is that adults like to work online. Finally, people who own a computer might be happy because having a computer is a good thing because you can do anything on it. My point is that computers are good for people because you can do anything like play games, go to myspace, facebook, twitter and many other sites.
I don't think computers are completely bad for people, and computers can be good for people too. For example, computers allow people to communicate in seconds. From around the well, the computer opens up new information to anyone. But a major advantage is that people spend so much time on the computer that they don't get any exercise. First of all, computers are good things because they allow news and messages to travel all over the world in seconds. During the recent war at @LOCATION1, journalists were banned from towns where users were fighting. Every day, social messaging sites like @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 spread news to the world through mobile phone videos and pictures that the world wouldn't see without computers and the Internet. Second, computers could allow people to gain knowledge about the sun in minutes. For example, if you need information about a country, you can use your computer to find it. If you need a receipt for @CAPS3 Desert, please use your computer to find it. If you want to know what the weather will be like, you can check it on your computer. With computers, anyone can find knowledge of the world. In the end, the main argument against is that people are not getting enough exercise because they are always on the computer. People Computers Say People Will Live Because Their Computers These Arguments Can Be Overwhelming There is no complete good or complete disadvantage for society. Their strengths are the ability to communicate and acquire knowledge quickly. The main disadvantage is that few computer users don't get enough exercise. I think computers are good, and the media will definitely give up on that concern.
Dear local paper, I know more people use computers every day. I think computers have really had a positive impact on adults and their children. Calculations help us by providing information about other countries, states and towns. It can also help children with schoolwork. The last thing is that it can help you communicate with friends and family who live far away from your sight. Computers provide information about the latest and greatest happenings in other towns, countries and states. If you need to find out what happened @NUM1 years or earlier, you won't see it on @CAPS1.V., you can find it on the Internet. Without the internet, you'll find what you're looking for at @CAPS1. Another thing that computers are very useful for is helping kids with homework and schoolwork. If your work is typed, your work will be neater and easier to understand. I can understand why some parents don't want their kids to do their homework on the computer. They might start doing other things, or get answers about things they can do without a computer. But using your computer for homework and schoolwork will allow you to make sure your work is correct. Finally, a computer can help you correct with friends and family. If you have friends and family who want to reconnect to their computer, it can help you find information about their location. @MONTH1 is bad for someone trying to stalk or abuse someone. But in other situations, such as reuniting with family members, it can be helpful. This keeps family connected and friends close. How do you feel about computers. Some @MONTH1 don't like them, but they have good reason. There can be more family time, but I think you can make time for the computer and other things like family time and exercise. Well, my time is up. I hope you enjoy what I have to say here and that you have a passion for computers.
I believe that computers have many effects on people, such as eyes, bodies, minds. First of all your eyes if you are too close next to the computer your eyes will be affected by the computer screen you @MONTH1 lose your eyes and then you will not be able to see or read or do a lot of interesting work like you want Whether the game is set close to the computer. Second is your body, if you don't exercise at the computer all day, you will get fat, in other words, your body will get fat, you will not be able to run and do a lot of things, so are you just set on the computer? computer all day or not. The third is you, if you're watching videos or playing new games on your computer, you'd mind just thinking about doing that, then when you go to school, you'll just think about that, and you'll forget every single thing you want to do because of you Thinking. Fanilly I tell everyone not to spend too much time on the computer, to exercise, the fun side is doing your schoolwork, doing homework and exercising, I hope everyone has a good life.
Dear local paper, have computers ever hurt anyone? I believe that the impact of computers on people is positive. On the one hand, computers allow people to talk and socialize, even when they are in different parts of the world. Another function of them is to make people work faster in businesses and other jobs that require math. Finally, computers allow people to see far away and learn about almost anything with the click of a button. Thanks to the internet, people all over the world can talk to each other like neighbors. Suppose a friend or family member had to move to another country or state. They may be separated for months or even years. They will miss each other constantly. But with computers, they can talk to each other like neighbors. There are also some more "practical" uses for computers. They can more easily view their stocks, earnings, and even see sales trends. Say you need to change the price of an item, but your car breaks down and the incorrect price is miles away. You'll have to wait for a mechanic halfway through or run a few miles to get your phone. But with a computer, you don't need to do any of that. Just log in and change the price of luxury items in your own home. Computers also have educational purposes. Computers allow you to travel around the world without ever leaving your home. You can go on a safari trip or go on an adventure in the raln forest. You can enjoy great views of the Great Plains and watch the ever-changing sands of the Sahara Desert. You can learn about the Greeks, the Alkmides, the ancient Egyptians, or the Pac-Man through a computer, and the world is your oyster. That's why I think computers are such amazing things. Because they let us do things our brains normally can't, because they let people travel across the world in seconds, because they let people talk together away from the ocean. So think about it, are computers really harmful?
My opinion is that computers should be used for many different purposes. One of the reasons is to chat online with friends and family. Another reason is that if you're going far away and you know someone who can show you where to go, you can chat with them because they'll show you where to go, just like they do The same place you indicated to go. Another reason is that if your family doesn't live with you and you can't see them, you can chat with them. Another rwson is you go somewhere and you don't know the weather the next day, then you can go online and see what the weather is that day. Also, if people really want to work out, then they can go to the computer there, then go to youtube, and work out from the computer there. Also, if you want to see @CAPS1, you can search for it on your computer to see what's going on. Finally, if you don't think it's a ritual for people to own a computer, then you should try getting one and see how much you can do with it. You will be surprised. This is why people should enjoy their computers while chatting, watching @CAPS1 and many other things you might not be able to imagine. Also, maybe kids shouldn't have computers, but they can get one when they grow up. Also, if kids need to search from school, then they can too, there are many reasons why people should buy a computer. Here's my take on why people should own computers.
Dear local paper, I am here to tell you about the negative effects on people due to the use of computers. How would you react if you didn't have time to exercise, enjoy nature, or spend time with family and friends? Well, some people don't notice that they are wasting their time doing these things because of their computer. No time to exercise? what does this mean? I can see these questions flying around in the minds of great men. No time to exercise is what it means, because people waste time every day playing games on the computer, chatting with people, etc. They can't do what they really want to do, which is mostly exercise. What about nature? Are you a person who likes to enjoy nature? I know I know. Since time flies so fast when people are using a computer, sometimes they don't realize it, and they might think I'll never have to go outside and walk in the forest and enjoy nature. Well @CAPS1 does that sometimes, but the truth is when people say things like that it doesn't help motivate themselves, it's basically saying I'm going for a nature walk tomorrow, and if that doesn't happen, I'm just going to Do it in two days. The weird thing is that the people who say this don't actually go for a walk, they think it's going to be okay and they keep going. What happened to spending time with family and friends? Oh, I know, I know, all the time of family and friends is wasted on the computer. People don't realize that because their time is wasted on the computer, they don't even have time to sit and chat with their family, have fun, go out to the movies with friends or whatever. As you have heard, more and more people are using computers and I believe this has a negative impact on them because they don't have time to exercise, enjoy nature, talk to family and friends, etc. All the time spent on the computer is replacing time for those things, which is not a good thing. Computers have a negative impact on people and I say we should find a way to reduce computer time.
Dear local @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I will not use a computer as it benefits our society. It helps to understand countries around the world and what's going on. For example, if you don't want to know about its sport, you can just enter the name. Computers can also help with your education. If you're doing your homework and need some help, you can keep using your computer. It is also very beneficial because students can play a lot of fun games on the computer, just like there is nothing to do on a rainy day, the child can get some entertainment through the computer. It's also a great way to communicate with friends. For example, facebook, @CAPS3, twitter and email are all great sources of communication. Also, if you have an Xbox or @NUM1, you need a computer and you need to connect the card to your computer so you can play online with your friends. It is good to have computers in school. Does the teacher want some students to go to the site to learn something, this is a very useful resource. It's also a good source because at school, if you're working on this big project, the computer can help you with it. I hope these are all good reasons to have a computer in our society and it will benefit us in different ways
More people tend to use the computer than go out and enjoy the weather, and I think people should spend less time on the computer and more time with whom to interact with. People spend most of their time talking/playing online games with people on any website. I think it's a bad habit that people of all ages take the time to do something fun when they can, but choose not to. Parents should be responsible for their kids being on the computer all day and pay attention to what they are doing because it is dangerous. Many people have already been hired. Raped on sites like @CAPS1, @CAPS2 and many other dangerous sites. More importantly, I would say children and adults talk to strangers and think they know that person very well, meet them somewhere and get killed or whatever, because many lie about their age. Who knows that person could be a fifty-year-old woman or man. Say they're teens and eventually find you that's why parents shouldn't have their kids for a while, they should. As you read this, I hope you understand why it is wrong and take my advice and help our young children (thanks)
To: @CAPS1 This letter refers to the fact that computers are part of our everyday lives. You can do many things on them, like play games, watch videos, search the web, and even communicate with people from all over the world. They are great for those who go to school because you can complete and save work for your classes. Sure, maybe some people are addicted to their computer, but others only use it when they need to. Computers have had a huge impact on the lives of some people. Sitting in front of a computer all day can be detrimental, but is informative in many ways. One of the ways to provide information is to learn new information every time you log in. That's why I think computers have a huge impact on people.
@PERCENT1 in @ORGANIZATION1 has at least one computer in their home. Computers are good for society because they help the planet and are a quick way to spread important information. You can also chat with friends and family on your computer. We've been told that some people think too much time is spent on the computer. Yes, but we need these machines to survive. News @CAPS1 stated that "over half of @LOCATION1 schools are now using computers to set homework to save paper". @CAPS3 We're starting to use computers to do the things we normally do with paper, because we're going to save millions of trees. For example, you can send an email with regular mail, it will be faster and save paper! People who care about the planet make websites on their computers telling people how to @CAPS2 just to see each other and they can email and talk about everything they want. @CAPS3 You love to use your phone too, the waves kill NUM1 bees every year. @CAPS3 You chat with your friends it will save bees' lives. The first snow day, we my parents forgot to check the school website, I snowed outside @CAPS3 We don't have a computer This happens to every elementary school student, a snow @NUM2 @CAPS3 there's a storm with you. I've been out and here's another place you can check to see the weather and keep your family safe. @CAPS3 There was a hurricane and you had a calendar on your computer, like birthdays and weddings, that would tell you where to write. Citizens of @ORGANIZATION1 spend more than @MONEY1 per year on phone bills. You can talk to friends and family on your computer and save thousands of dollars. When parents don't have phones, they rely on computers to communicate with people. Does your clan have a friend that your clan spends a few hours with? Well, they can talk and meet each other on video chat and feel like they are still here. It is or never will be a citizen of Newtown! You know computers that help the planet consume information in a fast way, they let you talk and see your friends online. So get up and write to our local newspaper and tell them why computers are good for our society.
Dear local paper, did you know about @PERCENT1 people in @LOCATION1 who own computers and use them every day. I'm one of them, I don't understand how people say computers are destroying our country, yes I know we spend a little less time with family and friends, but computers help monitor weather and natural disasters like tornadoes And hurricanes, they give us the opportunity to see faraway places, learn more about the world, and we can talk to other people. Computers are so important in our world as we can monitor natural @CAPS1 like tornadoes, hurricanes and earthquakes without this technology, more than @PERCENT2 more people would die without computers These @CAPS1 because there are little or no warnings about this situation. In @CAPS2.S more than @PERCENT3 children go to school and use computers, children have a better chance of learning while away from the world and society. Kids should know what's going on in the world, or maybe you're an adult just browsing the web for information. My point is that there are a lot of people around the world who want to learn computers. My last reason is that as kids grow up teaching typing and hand-eye coordination, when we get @CAPS3, they will need to learn how to type. So if you don't know how to type, you probably won't get very far, but it does in the real world. To wrap up my presentation, I'll review three reasons why we need computers to track natural disasters in the first place. The second is understanding distant places and our society. Third, teach kids hand-eye coordination and typing so they can get @CAPS3. That's why @CAPS2.S does need a computer.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, I understand that more and more people are using computers, and this can be both good and bad. Do you play on your computer for hours every day? That could be bad. I believe computers are good things, but only if they are used properly. Hopefully when I'm done, you'll see where I'm starting from on this. Everyone is on the computer these days. The problem is, a lot of people go too far. They say they're working on hand-eye coordination, but they're actually wasting their lives on the chair. They don't communicate much with the rest of the family, which doesn't make for a big happy family. They say they are getting important information, but in reality, they may just be getting disinformation and viruses. The bad guys are out there, someone could hack into your computer and ruin your day. Things like @CAPS4 @CAPS5 and @CAPS6 might make people want to know all about you so they can hurt you. Yes, there is definitely a downside to being on a computer. But there is also a bright side. That is, as long as you're not too much. It does improve hand-eye coordination if you play the right game. It can also teach you something. Many websites have real information about places or things so you don't need to look to find out. You can help. It's also an easy way to buy items. You can order them. Most importantly, you can have fun. So, what's your take on this argument? Do you think too many people are using computers. Or do you think computers can be great, as long as you're careful? I, on the one hand, choose the latter. How about you?
Research has shown that @PERCENT1 people who are computer addicted are unfit and don't exercise. I have a computer at home and I know how much fun it is to talk to your friends or whatever you talk to them on @CAPS1. If you're not healthy and don't enjoy the beauty of nature, you won't know how to live a good life. I'm not saying you won't make any progress in life, but it won't be fun. I play a lot of sports and I like them all. I'm healthy and yes, I do enjoy chatting with my friends on @CAPS1, but it's not as important as getting some fresh air and exercising with friends. Yes, computers have all kinds of bad and good things. I mean you can learn about distant places without going there, but what fun would that be. For example, if you go snowboarding at @LOCATION1, don't you feel bad when you slide off @CAPS3? I know I do this instead of using a computer at home. Nature is beautiful and I thank God for beauty and all animals. It makes life better, George. I love hiking @CAPS3 with my family. You can't get fresh air anywhere else, even riding the @CAPS5 down the trails, the beauty of it is incredible, you won't find it anywhere else. Doctors show that @PERCENT2 of people who spend more than @NUM1 hours a day on the computer wear glasses or have poor vision. All these people don't want to have bad eyesight, but because the computers they get are really smelly. Now you can see that computers can really change your life. So it's your decision. Choose from right to wrong, it's all up to you. Do it now.
I think computers are very valuable and help a lot of people with the price of clothes and other items. They're also great because they help you communicate with your friends and help people make plans to be with their friends. However, some people should limit themselves to things like facebook and twitter, some people spend too much time on these things, and should limit themselves to @NUM1 minutes a day on these sites. One of the reasons I think computers are good is because some students may not be able to answer certain questions in their homework right now and can use a computer to find out. Another reason computers are so valuable to all students is that suppose a student has a quiz the next day about mitusis and cells in science and doesn't really understand it, they can use a computer to learn about it and use it in their quiz well done in. Another reason computers are good for people is because it helps them communicate with their friends. Some kids are just and not good at interacting with people face-to-face. But these social networking sites help them get out of their way, make them less shy and make more friends. However, like I said before, some people are taken away and spend too much time doing this kind of thing and should limit themselves to @NUM1 minutes a day on these social sites. Some people use their computers for other important things like buying things, getting directions and addresses. If someone wanted to go to a store in another town, but didn't know where, they could find the address and then find a route to that place, and some people also used computers to buy things like groceries and clothes. Sometimes people save money because they buy something online instead of going to the store and paying again. As you can see, computers have many advantages. Therefore, I encourage you to support computers as they are very useful and valuable.
Dear local paper, it seems to me that a lot of people spend a lot of time on @ORGANIZATION1. People get fat because they don't exercise. The kids are attending @ORGANIZATION1 instead of doing their homework there. Maybe maybe a family member is dying and you'd rather spend time with @ORGANIZATION1 than with that family member. All of these things happened because everyone got computers. This can't be true! People who surpassed @PERCENT1 in New @CAPS1 say they put on a lot of weight and got fat. I asked them what they thought would happen. According to a guy named @PERSON1, the reason is that computers take over people's lives there. Computers are the economy that has the greatest impact on people's lives. As a kid, @ORGANIZATION1 made me quit my homework. I only had A and B on my previous transcript. Now it's turning to @CAPS2 and @ORGANIZATION1 that are changing my life dramatically, but not in a good way. As you know, your kids can be thrown away, as horrible as I am. You should start checking the homework there instead of them just going there @ORGANIZATION1 and forgetting all the work life I've done. Try and prove it. Run down your face and be disappointed in yourself. The person you love has passed and you didn't even spend time with him or her. Wanse did it again with something called @ORGANIZATION1. The disigen you made because of @ORGANIZATION1 will and will scare you for the rest of your life. Those of us with computers will find that they were never made for a good purpose, just to distract from what we do and how we spend time with family and friends. Turn your head and say no to the one thing that will turn you into a little pea. what do you think? I feel bad because I let such a small thing screw up my life. You still have time to change your life and say no to computers. They may make you fat because you don't get enough exercise. Someone you love probably screwed up because of @ORGANIZATION1 in your house. Worst of all, you can't spend time with the family you love the most. The computer we have is missing your life, we you don't have it. Say no to the computer and live your life the best you can. Don't you feel bad about letting so few things ruin your life! ? !
Dear local paper, The impact of computers on people is that people rely on computers, which is not good because they don't have much time to exercise, enjoy nature, and interact with family and friends. First of all, cutting back on exercise time is not good, as @NUM1 of @NUM2 are starting to struggle with obesity. "You don't want to be one of those people who trust me" @PERSON1 said. Secondly, it is a good thing to enjoy nature rather than playing computer because you can get the air you need every day by enjoying nature. "You had a lot of fun too," @LOCATION1 said. Finally, interacting with family and friends is fun, and who doesn't. "It's fun to spend time with family because you can go a lot," @PERSON3 said. "Who doesn't like to go out and spend time with friends on the weekends," @PERSON2 said. That's why I don't think computers are good for people.
Dear @CAPS1 and readers @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION3 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, @CAPS4 A modern world sending back @NUM1 in time for a quick drive in your car to get groceries but having to ride for hours to simply buy some milk. The entertainment is boring, and the books are hard to collect. Ending the use of @ORGANIZATION1 technology like @ORGANIZATION1 as a computer is definitely the first step in bringing us back to such barbaric times! Computers provide job opportunities, educational opportunities, and a way to communicate with others! You are encouraged to keep using computers, because without computers our modern civilization would disappear! First, it's important to note that during our economic crisis, the development and manufacture of @ORGANIZATION1 computers has created thousands of @ORGANIZATION1 jobs! In fact, every year @NUM2 @ORGANIZATION3 jobs are created solely in @CAPS5.S based on the development of the @ORGANIZATION1 computer! @CAPS14 Customers who buy these products are going to stop losing them, these jobs will be lost and any progress we make in the economic crisis will surely fail! Are you, fair people @ORGANIZATION1 our country, willing to take responsibility for such a disaster! Recently, @ORGANIZATION3 stated in the cover article, "Without the technical development of @ORGANIZATION1 at @DATE2, many more people at @DATE3 would not have a job at @LOCATION4A!" @CAPS6, no doubt many educational opportunities will be available for you Lost as a kid @CAPS14 You need to stop using your computer! Computers provide the easiest way to research and gather information. â€œ@CAPS7 @PERSON1, the top education provider in @ORGANIZATION1 history. A group of @ORGANIZATION1 outstanding young teachers led by @PERSON3 implemented a program using computers at @ORGANIZATION1. The program allows students to watch @ORGANIZATION1 world cultures in a fun way Medium! This is a better way for @ORGANIZATION1 to learn than with books for your keenly visual child! In fact, @PERSON2, @CAPS14 school superintendent at @LOCATION1, recently noted in this paper that @ORGANIZATION3@ CAPS2 @CAPS3 and he plans to roll it out to all @LOCATION1 schools within @NUM3 years! He needs the support of the town to make this idea a reality and he recently sent out a flyer to local residents with the impressionable title, "@CAPS10 .Goy @PERSON2 @CAPS11 You use your computer to expand your learning! " @CAPS12, communication is a big part of using a computer @ORGANIZATION1. In fact, the internet, which is only accessible from a computer, provides the fastest way to communicate @ORGANIZATION1 other than a phone!" @CAPS13, @CAPS7 Computer Specialist at @ORGANIZATION2," Computers offer so much more than a phone! They can not only talk over the internet, but also web chat, exchange files and important data, and market and sell to customers!" @CAPS14 You stop using your computer, you deny yourself as @ORGANIZATION1 Such a wonderful way to communicate! My sister lives at @LOCATION3 and as a result I can barely see her or even speak to her. Then, when my friend bought me a laptop, we could talk to each other again. Sge has helped with all of @ORGANIZATION1 mt personal issues without which @ORGANIZATION1 would be disoriented talking to her world. Now, @CAPS4 is a world of modern civilization. You, parents, are at work while your kids go to @ORGANIZATION1 and into the wonderful learning center @ORGANIZATION1 computer. At @LOCATION2, your favorite sister is writing you an email. This fantasy is possible @CAPS14 You keep using the computer! They don't have jobs, educational opportunities and a way to communicate with @ORGANIZATION1! You don't have to use them all the time, you can still enjoy nature and fun with your friends, dear reader, but don't forget the computer! Computer use will keep you on @DATE1!
Dear local paper, I think computers can have a bad effect on people from a very early age. From the age of thirteen to adulthood. When people can exercise or do some type of activity outdoors, they spend hours at a time on the computer. Computers can make some people feel like their lives are being taken away. Spending so much time on the computer can really damage one's posture. It is said that when some people get on the computer, they feel a comfortable state where they bend over and stay there for a while. Picture a person being squeezed into a tight space for eight hours, and when that person comes out, all their joints and muscles stretch from that point of tension. This is what we do to our bodies when we use computers.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I believe that computers do benefit society in a positive way. Without computers, we would not be able to socialize. We also don't have the ability to do online research for schools, and running a business will be more difficult. Without computers, our society would not be so developed. Socializing is an important quality in life. Today, apart from texting, the main way of socializing is chatting with friends online. Facebook, @CAPS3, @CAPS4, and skype all allow their users to make new friends, find long-lost friends, and chat with friends. I personally have a skype and facabook that I access every day. Without them, I wouldn't be able to chat with friends outside of school except for sports and texting. Every day I work out, lift weights and go to Facebook, which is why the phrase "spend less time exercising and more time on the computer" is false. Facebook and skype are my day-to-day past, without them I know I wouldn't be as social. The computer is also a part of my daily life as I have to use it to do research for school or enter @CAPS5 papers. As you can see by now, my handwriting is not very good, so I end up typing a lot of homework because of it. Without a computer, my teacher cannot read my work. Computers also help create graphs and data tables for scientific lab reports. Without a computer, these diagrams would have to be handcrafted, which is not decent. Schools use computers every day to do research or enter some homework. Education plays a key role in society, and if we didn't use computers, we would be educated differently than we do now. The final reason I think computers play an active role in society is that computers are what drives business. Without computers, some businesses won't be able to function, and those that do will be very slow. Because our society is so advanced, our businesses need computers to get the job done. Expenses and income are kept on the corporate computer, and if this is all done, they can be lost or destroyed. Computers also simplify the work of businesses, they speed up tasks that take a long time to complete and accomplish tasks that cannot be accomplished without a computer. Computers play an important role in the world @CAPS6.
Dear editor, a computer is one of the best things that has ever happened to a human being. They benefit society in every conceivable way and have many positive effects on people. Computers have improved hand-eye coordination, enabled people to understand many subjects beyond the reach of books, and enabled millions of people to talk and communicate with friends and family every day. The most important use of computers is learning. Using computers, billions of people have acquired knowledge they could not have learned before. Many people like me check the weather on their computer every day to make sure we're ready for the weather or dressed appropriately. I wouldn't be able to do this without a computer. Also, on days when it snows at night, I always wake up to check the school's website to make sure it's still open. This is a useful resource and I don't know what I would do without it. Another thing computers allow us to do is check the news. With a single click, you can see who won the presidency, or what's on tonight. Another amazing aspect of computers is that they greatly improve hand-eye coordination. Not only does it benefit my mom checking emails five times a minute, but it also benefits my little three-year-old sister, who likes to move the mouse around and type random letters on documents. It can keep her entertained for days, but most importantly, it helps improve her hand-eye coordination every second she sits in that chair. This improved skill will greatly help her in the future when she starts playing sports and cycling soon. Finally, computers allow millions of friends and family to communicate for free every day. If a classmate forgets to write an assignment, they can immediately email the teacher to know exactly what the assignment is, or even open the form attached by the teacher and print it out. A few weeks ago, my dad went to @LOCATION1 for 13 days and it was ridiculously expensive to talk to him on the phone. So, every few days, he would video chat with me so I could talk to him. Hear what he's doing and even get a view of @LOCATION2 from his window. This is very special to me and can't be done without a computer. Itâ€™s clear that computers help us in so many ways that we forget, such as educating us, improving our eye-hand coordination, and allowing us to communicate with friends and family. These are just some of the positive effects and benefits that computers offer us.
Dear @CAPS1, I agree with the experts that people spend a lot of time on the computer, people should exercise, read or spend time with friends and family. But people are too lazy and would rather sit at a computer doing something, and if they don't start doing something else instead of going online, they can become overweight. The number one reason people should cut down on their time online is because people need to exercise. Seriously, people should take a walk around the block or go to the gym, or even exercise, instead of playing at the computer all day and doing nothing, without exercising you will become overweight and lazy. The second reason I think people should spend less time online is because you should be spending time with your friends and family, not ignoring them because you're doing something on your computer. It's rude, so why don't you go for a family game night, or go out to dinner with your family, you can also watch a movie, go ice skating, or even go to the park with your friends, because that's more fun than being online all day. The last reason people should spend less time online is because everyone should have time to honestly read a good book, just go to the local library and check out a book, because reading is better than doing stupid stuff on a computer Things are better for your brain. So all in all, in my opinion, I think people should spend less time online because if you don't get enough exercise, you're going to be overweight and lazy and don't spend a lot of time with your It is impolite to be with friends and family, and it is very impolite to read. Good for you, not like staying on a computer, that's what I'm going to say now.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 Humans have their ups and downs, positives and negatives. technical stuff. It has its ups and downs, but because of that, our society is becoming more and more advanced. It gives us the opportunity to become more mature to set goals that we cannot achieve. We started great things with these. Computers teach us and can sometimes guide you. You can click a link to give you an amazing chance, or click the wrong link to give you a virus. A computer can free you from all the stress in your life, take you to a beautiful place, and it can give you the opportunity to learn something you didn't even know existed.
Dear newspaper @CAPS1, did you know that more than @PERCENT1 in the @CAPS2 family owns computers? Maybe so, but have you been told that at least half of @PERCENT1 have family issues or other related issues? The question of bonds is whether computers have a positive or negative impact on humans. In the eyes of @CAPS4, I feel that this invention by @MONTH1 is having a negative impact on society. I say this because there are now inappropriate websites for kids to browse that take away time with the family. But mostly because of the recent @CAPS3 issue. No doubt young people like pros and sites, we'll do what we're told, maybe we'll stumble upon one. who knows? All I know is that kids under @DATE1 log into too many adult sites every day. This is unacceptable for a person, why should we be banned from using computers. No responsible parent will die with a @NUM1 year old on an adult site, and computers make it harder for such parents to do so. With this experience, the computer took up my time, and when I had the @CAPS4 computer, @CAPS4 now we never spend time with her. She said the other day that I can peel bananas? "If I never got on the computer, you can now," she was right. Whenever @CAPS4 bro and I get on the computer, we spend the whole day. But now we're together a lot @CAPS4 and I feel like computers have a negative impact on society because recently @CAPS3 I was called into the office one day and was told a staff member on @CAPS3 com has befriended me and they exploit boys and girls Drugs and prostitution. People use computers and eventually read people's information. This could have been avoided, but it wasn't. Now is your chance, and I hope you feel the same way I do when it comes to the negatives and positives of computers. But keep in mind that computers keep more sites that aren't suitable for younger kids, which eat up family time, but that's mostly because of the recent @CAPS3 issue.
Dear newspaper editor I would like to ask @CAPS3 about the benefits of owning a computer. For example, you can learn a lot that you will never learn, you can also go to chat rooms and talk to friends or other people, it can even make teaching easier. Computers are standard in many countries and we use them to learn a lot, but if you take one to the tribe of @LOCATION1 it looks like an alein object, but once they know how to use it, it lets A lot of people out there were eye-opening in remote ribs and areas didn't even know there was a person on the meon. Another benefit of a computer is that you can pay bills and other payments for taxes, insurance, credit cards, etc, which is great, so if you can't get home or the place closes, you won't get late fees, and it can even help you save Expenses also come in big chunks of money. Many people use their computers to socialize by joining online sites like @CAPS1, twitter and myspace, where you can view pictures and see what your friends are up to. Also on @CAPS2, you can also message your friends. Also, more people are playing games on computers, some single-player and some online, with millions of players at a time. You can also connect other gaming systems to your computer to play with other people, and even hint and cheat. The biggest reason computers benefit is that they now revolutionize homework in schools, instead of doing worksheets on a computer and printing it out or emailing it to your teacher. Another reason computers are amazing is that it makes project research and homework easier, modifiable, and gives you a broader understanding of a subject. By far the best thing about computers is that many teachers use them to teach and play videos. So it is much easier to learn and understand the things that will help us succeed in the future. There are also many children who have difficulty concentrating when the teacher is teaching, but when there is a computer to play the video, it will grab the student's attention better. That's all the reasons why I think the computer is an amazing invention and every home and school should have one I hope you will find my @CAPS3 very convincing and post it.
Dear @PERSON2, @CAPS1, your latest article on the good and bad of computers in our society is informative and I believe you are overlooking several major reasons why technology does more harm than good. If people don't realize the consequences, who knows where our world will go? First, I'd like to mention health issues related to technology in general, and computer-related health issues in particular. Dr. @PERSON1 of @ORGANIZATION2 said: "@CAPS2 Since the internet boomed with the invention of sites like '@CAPS3' and '@CAPS4', we have seen a dramatic increase in obesity-related heart disease and diabetes." @ PERSON3 is no exaggeration. Thanks to the sudden boom in electronics, more and more people prefer to sit on the couch with a brand new laptop or @CAPS5 and go for a bike ride or a game of speedball with friends. Because of this, more and more people are falling victim to heart attacks, strokes, cancer and osteoporosis, diseases that can paralyze them for life. Is playing that online game so important to you and worth your life? Next, I want to talk about @CAPS1 The internet @MONTH1 seems like a great place to socialize and it can actually help lose those friends you don't want to make. I know what you're thinking, @PERSON2, but sites like '@CAPS6' help people connect, why do they lose friends? @CAPS7, really. Because it's so easy to enter conversations, people are losing actual social skills. They also spent too much time talking to friends without seeing each other face-to-face, which eventually led to their parting ways. When talking to someone over a screen, it can be hard to know if you're really a close friend. Because of this, they can't bond and they won't have a true friendship. @PERSON4 is @NUM1 from @ORGANIZATION1 and he says he and his best friend only chat on @CAPS3 now and they don't even feel like real friends anymore. So finally, I have a request. Next time you open that laptop, think about it. Is it really worth losing your friends or even your health @CAPS2? Next time there is the urge to update the status, like "@CAPS8 is home", @CAPS8 calls a friend over and goes to the park to hang out. Trust me, you'll be glad you did. Thank you for taking the time to read my letter.
Dear local newspaper editor, More and more people are using computers, but not everyone thinks it's a good idea. Those who support technological progress believe that computers have a positive impact on people. Other experts disagree. I think computers have really had a positive impact on people because they allow you to understand anything about the world, they allow you to talk to other people online, and they teach you hand-eye coordination. I think computers are very useful. Don't you like the opportunity to research anything you want to know from anywhere in the world? I'm sure everyone who owns a computer does this. Using a computer, you can use search engines like google, yahoo, ask, etc. I know that computers have been helping me with my research when I'm doing projects for school or writing a dissertation. Your access to the internet is a great and reliable tool when researching topics for shcool or even just looking for answers to simple questions. My next reason is that computers allow you to talk to other people online. Things like facebook, email, myspace, and webcams all allow you to communicate with people from anywhere in the world. For example, I have an aunt who lives in @LOCATION1 and used my cousin's webcam to see and talk to her on Christmas when my family and I couldn't be with her on a special holiday. Also, things like facebook and myspace allow you to post photos and chat with friends and family around the world. The last reason I think computers have a positive effect on people is that playing with them is a good leisure activity. You can play all kinds of fun games, and some even let you compete with other people around the world. Internet checkers, for example, is a game that pits you against other people. There are many websites that allow you to pick the game you want to play from a huge selection. It is clear that computers have a positive effect on people conducting research, talking with friends and family, and leisure activities. I hope you agree with me!
Do you think that computer is good? Well, I do. There are many reasons why I and you should think so. For example, it has positive effects on people, it teaches hand-eye coordination, and it allows people to converse with other people online. One reason you should think a computer is good is that it has a positive effect on people! ! Don't you want to be happy. Then the computer is your source of online entertainment! And you learn a lot from the computer! Another reason is that computers teach hand-eye coordination. Hand-eye coordination is an excellent skill you will need in your life. For example, let's say you want to play baseball, but you don't have hand-eye coordination, you trip @DATE1, you brake. It's not good for you, is it. No, it's not good. However, if you have better hand-eye coordination, you probably won't fall! The reason for @NUM1 is so you can interact with others online. You can @CAPS1, you can go to the chat room. Or you can continue to play assets and interact with others! And, you can go online dating! Computers are a way to greet new people with the same characteristics as you! If you already have a computer, then you're fine. But if you don't, then you need to get one. I am right! ! People who don't have a computer don't have jb. Because most people who have a job use or own a computer. In short, you need a computer! why? Well, that's because there are so many things you can do on a computer. For example, you can teach hand-eye coordination, and you can chat with friends online. Also, it will give you a positive effect.
Dear local paper, I believe that too much computer use can have a bad effect on people. People are easily addicted. They also use a lot of electricity. People sit in front of computers all day and don't exercise at all. These are bad effects from computers, but they're not all bad, and life might be harder without them. Playing computer games and online poker sounds like fun, right? Incorrect! People are addicted to them every day. Online poker can be dangerous. I remember watching a show about this addicted man. He put his credit card information in and sat and played all day. Before he knew it, he was in debt . Once he's addicted, it's hard for him to stop. It's a stupid thing because it doesn't make sense. You sit and waste money, especially with our economy now. A recent study showed that @PERCENT1 people who play online poker become addicted within two weeks. Other games are also addictive. There is a website called Addiction. I guess people don't know the effect of computer addiction on them and their families. Did you know that @PERCENT2 power in @LOCATION1 is used for computers? It's almost half of a thing. I don't think it's right that almost everything is done on a computer these days. In our economic crisis, I don't think energy should be wasted playing computer games. We can use energy for more important things that people need. If everyone didn't need a computer to communicate, everything would be fine. The number of computers sold has increased by @PERCENT3 since @DATE1. I understand email and facebook. But don't get out of hand. Wouldn't it be great to be outdoors on a nice day? Would you rather enjoy that or exercise than sit in front of the computer? Obesity is a big problem in @LOCATION1. Many people gain weight by sitting in front of a computer and not exercising. I remember when I was a kid, every time I went to a friend's house, his dad would sit and play poker and computer games. He was very out of place and lazy. His parents later divorced because he became a completely different person. Most @CAPS1 are lazy. We don't like to work if it's not necessary. I would define that they would rather work out or go out than be at the computer. Your life is healthier when you're not addicted to your computer. When you are healthier, you will be happier. So all in all, if you don't control yourself on your computer, it can have bad effects. Computers are addictive, consume a lot of power, and make people fat and lazy. Do you think playing computer games is worth losing friends and family?
Dear newspaper editor, I think we should have the Internet, or a computer at home. We should have it because we can chat with our friends and family, no one gets tired of doing nothing, and we can learn new things from different sites. We should be able to communicate with @NUM1 friends and family of @NUM2 people at our school who think having a computer is a good thing. For example, my friend moved to @LOCATION1 and we couldn't talk on the phone. I talked to her from afar through facebook. You can chat on many sites like facebook, twitter or even myspace, you can even use Skype. Skype is when you have a webcam and you throw it away. My mom says most of her friends chat with her online. No matter how old you are. Anyone can learn something important. There are a lot of educational sites @PERCENT1 worth having on your computer. If you're too old to go to school, go to Google and type in any math term, science, @CAPS1, or even learn a new language. Every time I have to do a social research assignment, I go online and believe me, it really helps. Some things on the computer are fun. You won't get bored with the types of games they have. Many parents complain about their children doing bad things on the street. Doing that kind of thing because boring @NUM3 people think this statement is true. If they had a computer, played games, or chatted with friends, they would be like they are now. @STATE1 and @PERSON1 are two states with more people using computers than any other state. Remember, it's not just fun. Everyone loves to have a computer. I think we should have internet access because we can do a lot of things that some people think are bad, but not everything. We should have a computer because, we can chat with our friends, we can learn important and interesting things and we won't get bored. I want you to make up your mind and decide that all internet access is not a waste of time. I'm not the only one who thinks that "computers are life-sustaining or living things".
When people think of computers, the first thing they think of are games. That's not all of their strengths. For most people, they are very useful. Computers are great for @ORGANIZATION1. At @ORGANIZATION1, they help with homework and projects. When we are assigned a project, we need to do research on a topic, and the quickest and easiest way is through a computer. Students in @ORGANIZATION2, especially @NUM1 graded students, are able to enter easys because it is faster and easier. If we are at home and forget our homework, we can look it up online. This is really helpful and convenient for students and teachers. Sometimes it's not @ORGANIZATION1 but it's looking for something. Technology and computers have come a long way. Now we can find directions to places we can't find or find. People can also use sites such as the Yellow Pages to look up names, numbers or addresses, which can be a reliable resource. Assuming you're going on vacation and trying to find a place to stay, this can be difficult, but if you want something quick or find a good hotel at a low price, there are a few websites you can visit. Computers can be really fun and interesting when you go to places like @CAPS1 @CAPS2 and you want to show pictures of the good times you had, so you can post them online. Assuming you haven't chatted with old friends in a while, you can find them on @CAPS3 or other sites and start talking, you can also play games and connect with friends or play games with friends online. Use its @ORGANIZATION1, find things or connect with friends, the computer has everything you need. Maybe it will be damaged at some point, but they have someone who can fix it. Also, if you think about it, computers have very reliable resources that are more up-to-date than books.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @NUM1 of the @NUM2 students and staff at @CAPS3 @CAPS4 schools think computers are very important. Computers can not only help people at school, but also people at home. I know readers of this article will agree that computers are helpful, they teach us people and things from afar, and they are great for chatting online! Most people use computers every day! Computers are very useful tools in everyday life. They always have a program that will correct you if you misspell it. The computer even has a dictionary site where people can look up words. I know it's helpful because my brother is writing his college essay and they don't get blown away by a grammatically wrong essay. A computer can also help you quickly find what you need, such as a grocery store and the nearest mall, or even a job! Computers can not only help people with spelling and work, they can also teach us about faraway places. Computers can show us and tell us wonderful places beyond the landscape we have. Many families in normal society used to have vacations. To find an interesting place, they can look it up on the World Wide Web. Even if a family can't go on vacation, they can still find something closer to do from their computer. While computers are used to find places and things around the world and near you, they can also give teens the opportunity to chat with their friends online. Many students at @CAPS3 Halloween School have a facebook account. Most people use this account to chat with their friends online. I also have a facebook that I use almost every day to chat with my cousin from @LOCATION1, I haven't found out I'm @NUM3. But computers aren't just for fun chatting, they can also be used for school blogging. In my language arts class we have a reading blog that every student has to be involved in. This blog allows the class to not waste class time talking about recently read books. In conclusion, computers should be taken seriously because they do help society. Computers help us every day, they teach us, they can be very interesting and educational. Remember what @PERSON1 from @ORGANIZATION1 tecnolgey said: "@CAPS5 can only be better when society accepts it."
Computers can affect people in many ways. Most people use computers excessively, which affects their health and those around them. People need to go out and become more active. America is getting fatter and can't get any really useful information from computers. Some people just sit and don't care in front of their computer while eating! This makes things worse because not only are they not getting exercise, but they are now gaining weight and not losing any weight. This is the exact opposite of what humans should do. Real people exercise every day. Sometimes, being on a computer isn't a bad thing. Sometimes you need to find something about nature, but isn't it easier to go outside and find something new? I don't live off it, but you can go to a place where all the woods can't go away. Even your front yard is full of nature, and you'll be doing some (not all) of your workouts at the same time. Families often have questions about family members who never have time to talk and dig holes in the wall for losing video games. Dr. @PERSON1 or "The Human Mind Study" said: "I found that technology and online games increase anger in most people." This suggests that it may be causing problems in families around the world because of video games! So make sure you try to spend time with your family. This shows that computers can be fun, but also dangerous.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 writers, @CAPS3 is the average house with @NUM1 computers. This is too much. I think society spends too much time on computers. Computers are taking over our lives. Spending time on your computer can increase your electricity bill. Computers are one of the main problems with weight, and when you're on a computer, you're socially interested. @CAPS4, you spend too much time on your computer paying your electricity bill, do you really want to spend @NUM2 dollars in a month, or would you prefer to buy groceries and even pay your bills with that money. â€œOn average, households that use fewer computers save @MONEY1 instead of spending more time on their computers.â€ @CAPS4 I know how much I save Iâ€™ll dump computersâ€ Gamer says, I donâ€™t Knowing how much my hobby is me" @CAPS5 @CAPS3 is the life of the question. The worst problem with computers is that you don't socialize @CAPS4 You spend most of your time on your computer and you don't have many friends in real life. You @MONTH1 are in love with a toy phone online in real life. Except I play on the computer. I think society spends too much time on computers. Computers like electricity bills, when you use your computer, you get benefits and don't participate in society, so get off your computer.
computer. have fun. But there is also a downside. People spend more time on it than they do outside, exercising, or even gathering with friends and family. But on the other hand, they're also fun, help kids, and even help get together from dating sites. It makes them happy. very funny! Computers are fun. They offer a wide range of games with arrows, and education can be just plain fun. You can play role-playing games (it's fun because I've played some myself), or you can play educational games like island games, or other downloadable educational games, @CAPS1 not fun, but good for growth and development Crucial for a learning child. They can also help children learn how to do things and other things at an early age. Some very adults have and all sorts of other things I can't think of in my life @CAPS2 computers bring them together and they're happy. They do this hundreds of times a day. Take away the computer and people will die alone and sad. So in conclusion where are my thoughts! Fun helping kids and helping seniors get together. Read this and @CAPS3 to make sure you see it the way I do.
Hi, my name is @CAPS1 and I am writing to the local news paper saying that computers are good for people and have a lot of help, like how to make one place two another, how to learn about black history or do something to human beings The world of celebrities who lived something and how to know the news and the weather from home or work, how to keep your life alive without a computer their work would be hopeless, like your family or your efforts to achieve in life It, that's the only way to get it will be computers, there are computers everywhere, even doctors use them in hospitals to keep people alive to see what's wrong with them and where they come from, and a A job requires a computer, see if the person is capable of the job, so they might be looking for background information without it, even if you don't have a good job, so that's some of the reasons why computers are important. One of them is that we need computers so we can move around, and if you're going to find a place somewhere @DATE1, you're looking for that perfect place on a computer. Second, if you don't know how to get there, you can use @CAPS2, but the computer is the best because it shows the mileage and how long it takes to get there, so this is one of them. Second, to help understand black history month and celebrities, we all know that black history month is in books, but not a lot of books have a lot of information, that's why computers come in handy, because like on google it can do it for you Give more information and show an image of the person so you know who they are, like a famous singer or a rapist you @MONTH1 likes but don't know anything about, you use a computer @CAPS3 because that's the best choose. The third is how to find news and weather, if you didn't watch the news because you missed it, what you can do is go to a news site and watch the news on TV, or your favorite show if you want. Foruth would be besnness, without computers, business would be hopeless, and it wouldn't last that long. @NUM1. They won't know that @NUM2 is profitable. How would they make money if they didn't have a computer of any kind. Arguably there's a lot more to justify computers being good and why we need them but I'll just say briefly that schools need computers the most to test what they have to, so that's why we need computers and why they would goodbye.
I personally think that computers do benefit society in many ways. It provides you with all the information you need at the click of a button, entertainment is easy to find by searching the internet, and most importantly, it improves human-to-human communication. One way that computers benefit society is by making information about something more accessible to everyone. This is needed, especially in school. It helps children understand information about the people they write about in the report. Easy access to information on the Internet can also help people in other ways. What if someone needs to get the hospital's phone number in an emergency? He can use a computer to help him find that phone number. Another way in which computers benefit society is by giving us easy access to any form of entertainment. This is what most of our society depends on. Many people use computers to play games, listen to music and watch online videos. If someone is bored right now, he or she can use the computer to play fun games. What if the person thinks it's a little quiet in his or her room? Then he or she can use the computer to listen to music. Without computers, the rest of our lives could be very boring. Finally, and most importantly, computers help improve human-to-human communication. This is probably what everyone uses a computer for. Now you can email your friends in seconds, post and view photos of your family or relatives, you can even use instant messengers to write to your friends and receive your friends as quickly as possible news! Without a computer, communication between other people would be very difficult. As you can see, computers can easily provide you with information, entertainment is not hard to find, and it can even improve communication between people in our society and around the world. ! Computers are very helpful to us and improve everything about our way of life.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, Computers have been a resource we use for years to give you information and pictures, but that doesn't mean people have to use it all the time. People can talk to other people a few times, or see relatives in Iraq through webcams, but need to get outside to exercise, just to take a walk around the block. They don't even need to leave the house all the time, just practice tapes or buy a treadmill. That's all people need to do instead of sitting around on their butts all day. There has been an increase in the number of people becoming obese due to a lack of exercise, so grab your shoes, jog a few blocks in your niehbor hood, do little things, and you'll feel a lot better than on your computer. Nature is all around us, but most people don't notice because they're on a computer. It needs to end now that these beautiful landmarks around the world are being wasted because almost no one is looking at them. Go to @LOCATION1, @LOCATION2, or even @CAPS1, get some fresh air that doesn't come from your home, you can go to the park to see the birds and just see something without a screen. So go get your camera, go somewhere with wildlife and have fun. Just doing these things will help your health, energy and mind. You can chat with friends on your computer, but not all the time. Do you want to be unhealthy in your life if you don't get out and about.
Dear local @CAPS1, I have heard that people are unable to talk to friends/family, enjoy nature and exercise because of their computers. Then computers are good for our lives. The first thing about /computers is communication. People can use @CAPS2, @CAPS3, @CAPS4, etc. The social networking group is for the ability to converse with friends, enjoy research from a distance or close up, and with family. Just because @CAPS11 uses those internet sites doesn't mean @CAPS11 can't go out and enjoy the event. This leads to other objects called portables. As technology improves, so do our skills. More electronics are made every year, and are likely to be portable, like @CAPS5, @CAPS6 phones, @CAPS7, etc. Many of these companies let us use these devices for everyday things. Creators using @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS8 @CAPS11 can use this internet/music @CAPS9 for everything. For example, I visited my grandparents and decided to use my @CAPS6 phone. I can text with friends and visit my grandparents on my @CAPS6 phone. More of this and @CAPS5 @CAPS11 are still out and enjoying life. Exercise is what @CAPS11 should do. It's fun if you're crowded at home @CAPS12. @CAPS11 needs to get up and get out there. @CAPS11 can participate and join the event. @CAPS11 can also have videos online showing us how to exercise or use yoga. Most use portable devices, which goes back to my last paragraph. Workout is big, @CAPS11 everyone should do it. What I'm trying to say here is that @CAPS11 has access to computers and electronics and has a lot of fun exercising. Children can be healthier and still communicate if you understand that experts can agree.
Dear local paper, I am writing to tell you that I think computers are a good thing because they allow people to communicate, a lot of people have jobs because of computers, people get help with homework because of computers. People communicate via email, goals, Facebook, and other means. People work on computers, such as cortreporters, tax collectors, and salespeople. The Lastley kids do their homework on the computer and look up "@CAPS1 related" stuff on the computer and stuff like that. lastley I think computers are good for people, they help with education, work and communicating with friends and family.
Dear local paper, I think I support technological progress. Advances in technology help us get information about things we need to get information, we can chat online with friends and family, it can help us improve reading and hand-eye coordination. One of the reasons I support technological advancement is because computers/phones can help us get information about the things we need to get information about. We need to keep abreast of what's going on around us. We need to know what's going on, and what's going on with other people in our lives. We need to know the weather/traffic conditions If you have children you need to know if the school is open, if you work where you use a computer for information you need to check if your boss or a colleague has sent you an important message you need to know. The second reason I support technological advancement is because we can chat with friends and family online. We can chat with family and friends who have computers on the other side of the world. Most of us want to know if our family and friends are in good health, even if we can't see them in person. On the one hand, I know this is true because my family and friends are reaching out to each other online. Communication with our family and friends keeps our boat going strong. The last reason I support technological progress is because computers can help us improve reading and hand-eye coordination. Computers can help us improve our reading skills because if we don't have time to go to the bookstore to buy a book, we can read the book online for free. It helps our hand-eye coordination because it helps our fingers move faster and helps us do things faster. I state all the reasons I support technological progress. Computers can help us get information about things we need to get information, we can chat online with friends/family, it can help us with reading and hand-eye coordination.
Dear Newspaper Editor: @CAPS1 are all living in the age of technology. There are many useful devices that help us live our daily lives. The computer is a major help. @CAPS1 can talk to relatives from different regions and you can go online for new information. @CAPS4 You can play games with people all over the world. A computer is a great device. Almost everyone has a relative who lives in another state or country. Well, you never see them because they live far away, right? Using a computer, you can talk to them, even face-to-face. @CAPS2 can bring your family closer. For example, my family just got a new computer, @CAPS1 has relatives who live in Florida, and @CAPS1 almost never sees it. My dad uses the computer to talk to them almost every day. Some of the people I spoke with said they were happy to see their relatives or friends more often. @CAPS2 brought them closer and made them better friends. The internet is a wonderful place where you can find information on school programs and learn about different topics. When kids are working on a project at school and the information they need isn't in the textbook, they can search @CAPS2 and @CAPS2 saves time. The kids of @PERCENT1 say it's best to use the internet when they're working on a project. @CAPS4 @CAPS2 Help kids work faster so they can spend more time outdoors or hanging out with friends. Another thing you can do is learn about recent events. For example, most local newspapers have a website that you can visit. Even if you are not local, you can visit other sites like "@CAPS3". They have had some recent events across the country and around the world. The internet is useful in many ways to help you get through your daily life. Every child gets bored on a rainy day. So they can use the computer to play games with people from all over the world. Lots of sites have fun and entertaining fun games. You can @CAPS4 with people from other countries. My friends @PERSON1 and @PERSON2 play computer and they have many friends from other countries. I think it's cool that you play the exact same game with another guy. @LOCATION1 or @LOCATION2, people in @CAPS4 Most games are safe and fun. Another thing is that you can connect and play with your friends in your hometown. I've played games with @PERSON1 and @PERSON2 many times. @CAPS2 is a fun thing to do on a boring rainy day. In conclusion, a computer is a useful device that benefits us and helps us through our daily lives. @CAPS2 allows us to connect with distant family members and surf the internet for new information. @CAPS4 You can play games with people from all over the world. This is a great device, let's get started with @CAPS2.
Dear local news, @CAPS2 More and more people are using computers and people are asking if computers are really good for society. In my opinion, I think computers can. They provide access for entertainment, everyday use, and have many sites for social interaction. I think computers really do benefit society in this regard. Computers provide entertainment to people. Many people will want to watch funny videos or their favorite @CAPS1 shows on the internet. The most popular site for watching videos on your tube. Another great source of entertainment is video games. People buy video games on their sites or play them on sites like @CAPS2 and you can see that there is a lot more entertainment on the computer than @CAPS1 because @CAPS2 programs are Not when you want it to show. Another benefit that computers bring to society is the use of dailt, the information provided by the Internet that can tell you the local weather. Instead of local news accessing it directly on your @CAPS4, you can access encyclopedias and dictionaries like simple dummies for everyday use on the @CAPS5 site. For a minimal example of a computer they have as many sites as you can. One of the @CAPS5 sites called, @CAPS6 lets you upload pictures of population or household activities for people in your @MONTH1 video chat with people and see other people's faces via a. You can't do this on a phone call, text message, or cell phone. Many experts believe that computers are taking up time with family and friends, but for sites like @CAPS6, it's actually adding time. Finally, @CAPS5's reasons support my point that computers are good for society, they provide entertainment, easy access and have many sites for social interaction, @CAPS7 society will be more difficult, that's why I think computers are good for society .
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3 computers are a boon. They help us in many ways. This is very helpful and it can make someone's life easier to deal with. You can keep in touch with old friends or family. It will be easier to go to work, and you can play some fun games when you are bored. It's hard to have family members you can't see and keep in touch with! Using a computer, you can interact with them by sending messages and photos. You don't have to worry about losing contact with them. You can also meet new people. Make new friends from all over the world! Have friends from different races and cultures. Computers are a great way to interact with others, be it family or friends. It always has to be done when you don't know what it's about! If you ever @CAPS3 had trouble with something, you can always look up information about it. You can learn how to do things or learn more about a project. When you have homework and don't know what a word means, you can always look up its definition. They also keep your information. For example, instead of @CAPS3's massive paper, you could simply save it in your computer. Then you can print it out when needed. Computers make work easier and help you organize better. Computers are also fun. When you have nothing to do, you can play a lot of fun games. You can also watch music videos or funny videos to make you laugh. They have almost anything you want to play with. You will hardly ever get bored! As you can see, computers are good for people. It's always helpful when you can keep in touch with anyone, get help at work, or just make yourself happy. Life would be harder and boring without a computer!
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, Computers are a useful advantage in @CAPS4's life. It provides and contributes many ideas and actions. Computers can help people find a good place to travel. It also helps people meet or make @CAPS1 friends. Computers are another way for people to have better hand-eye coordination. Computers are very helpful to human life. Computers are useful when trying to explore @CAPS1 locations. In just a few minutes, you can book a flight anywhere on your computer. How else could it be possible to travel far away without having to book a flight on a computer. Next, the computer helps understand the different colors. Once a person has booked a certain travel location on their computer, they will learn a lot about the unfamiliar lands they have visited. My family has traveled to many different places around the world. These trips would not have been possible without the help of research and the use of computers to fly. Computers make it possible to experience territory. It's a key item when someone wants to travel. Computers are very important when trying to communicate with friends. People can easily meet and make friends on their computers using sites like facebook. Facebook makes friendships easy. I was recently waiting to get to know a student better. I looked him up on facebook and now we are aqetances. Next, programs on computers, such as AIM, help people communicate with other personal topics about anything like homework. Finally, if a person wants to get to know another person better, he or she can check out their blog. They @MONTH1 started talking and became good friends. Computers are very useful when trying to communicate or find friends. Not only can computers help with traveling and making friends, but they can also help people with hand-eye coordination. Typing letters while looking at a screen uses hand-eye coordination. This action can help with movement. In baseball, for example, good hand-eye coordination is necessary to help catch and hit the ball. Second, hand-eye coordination and computers are getting better and better. It can help children adapt. If a person has good hand-eye coordination, they can play sports and make friends. If a person's hand-eye coordination and typing become good, they will be able to get a job writing for a newspaper or book. Hand-eye coordination and computer typing can lead to a successful life. In the long run, the computers in @CAPS5 life can help. It will help with travel planning, friends and hand-eye coordination.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 I think people spend a lot of time on the computer instead of exercising like they should every day. @CAPS5 @CAPS3 says @PERCENT1 of all people in the world spend a lot of time with @CAPS3 instead of enjoying nature. So they don't exercise like everyone else. @CAPS5 @CAPS4 says that people who go out instead of climbing stairs in front of their computer will live long and healthy lives. I say @PERCENT2 of everyone who has been on @CAPS3 is constantly blind and never see who the world is changing. I say @PERCENT3 of all those who don't always use @CAPS3 will have a better life than those who always use @CAPS3. My @CAPS5 tells me you should keep using @CAPS3, just don't use @CAPS3 for a long time, because using @CAPS3 for a long time is not good for you, so don't use @CAPS3 for a long time only for a short time, not like a weekly @CAPS3 Use @CAPS3 every day like NUM1 times. The folks who own the @CAPS6 book believe that you shouldn't continue @NUM1 to @NUM3 times a week like every day because using @CAPS3 for a long time is bad for people. My @CAPS5 @CAPS8 says that all the @PERCENT4 in the world have @CAPS9 and then go blind because they keep using @CAPS3 and if you keep using it for a long time your @CAPS3 will crash and brake. I really The think people shouldn't be using @CAPS3 for long because every time they continue is a time they'll miss in their life, so please don't.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3 there is a lot of debate about whether computers are good or bad. @CAPS6, I believe computers are not as good as many people think. People haven't exercised since the invention of the computer. Fewer children are reading. Finally, computers are taking away family time. When was the last time you saw a child outside doing something positive, like running or exercising? If you don't, it's probably because they're in there, eyes glued to the computer screen. Exercise is an important part of staying fit and healthy. Every day more children are overweight. Computers are just another reason. I have a friend who used to spend all her time on the computer. She became very lazy. She never wanted to exercise or do anything positive. Gradually, she started to gain weight. This is happening all over the world and it needs @CAPS4! What is your reading level? @CAPS3 is a @NUM1 grade student with @NUM2 grade reading proficiency. Part of this is because they would rather spend their free time on the computer than pick up a book. The school is now running a program called @CAPS5 @NUM3. The program is designed to help students improve their reading proficiency. I believe if the students turned off their computers long enough and @CAPS5, we wouldn't need this program. My mom makes sure I get at least @CAPS5 @NUM4 minutes a day. Every student does this. I remember the saying "Family time is prime time" @CAPS6 no one spends time with their family these days. Computers also played a role again. It's not just kids giving up family time for computer time. Also an adult. I think the last time I spent time with my family was NUM5 weeks ago when my grandparents came to visit me. After that, everyone turned and stared at the computer screen. After all, the computer
I believe that computers have a positive impact on people because computers can help people in many ways. You can email friends from all over the world, get important information you might need, and do business online. Computers have fascinating things to show and inform. Most people with computers can use them to email friends. Sometimes your closest friends are all over the country and you want to talk to them. Why not email them on your computer? It means a lot to your friends, you just take the time to say hi via email. My second point about why computer use has a positive effect on people is because. Some middle school to college and the rest of your life will require access to a computer. Maybe because they might need some important information to complete the teacher's homework. Not all of the time you can find something in a book. Now one day computers are taking over books. My third take on computers is that some people go to work sick, so they work online. Even if you are sick, you will still be paid because you are still working. So the woman has just given birth and she is using her computer to work online. So she can make money so she can support her family. In conclusion, my point is that computers have a positive effect on people because they are used to email friends, find important information for school or work purposes. My last point is that computers are used for online work. For me, I think computers have a positive impact on people.
Dear @PERSON1 editor, I heard you are writing an article about computers in the newspaper, I just wanted to express my opinion. Personally, I think computers have a positive effect on people. First of all, I think computers are well developed because you can learn about distant places, like countries on the other side of the world, from the comfort of your home. In addition, information on the Internet can help students complete their studies. Finally, you can chat with other people online. These are just a few reasons why computers are so important that you should include in your article. First of all, the editor of @PERSON1, I think computers are good for humans because you can sit at home and drink hot cocoa and learn about the place on the other side of the world. This is very convenient. There are websites with National Geographic, languages and traditions waiting for you to learn. For example, once my friend @PERSON3 was going on a business trip to @LOCATION1 but didn't know how to speak the language. I recommended this site, www.Indianow.com, and two weeks later she was speaking like an expert. Another time, my sister @PERSON4 visited her in-laws for the first time. @CAPS1 They were full and she wanted to bake something traditional for them. She looked up a recipe online and everyone was happy with her delicious wontons. This is just one of the reasons the internet is so useful. Second, the computer is an amazing invention because you can easily find help with your homework. My brother @PERSON5 is having problems learning seasons, but with one click, he's full of knowledge. And, now they even have online tutors and online colleges! Professor @PERSON2 points out that @PERCENT1's eligible college students are earning their degrees online. This is a neat point of why computers are so important. Finally, computers are very important to society because you can talk to other people online. Through video chat, chat rooms, facebook and @CAPS2, you are sure to make friends that will last a lifetime. I know I did it! There are even online dating sites and matchmakers. For example, after Uncle Mu and aunt divorced, she was heartbroken and the longest could not date anymore. I told her to try one of the online dating sites and she took my advice and found a lovely man. They have been dating for @NUM1 months. Last time @DATE1 he proposed. They are now happily engaged. This is my last reason, how computers can change someone's life in a positive way. In conclusion, I think the computer is a wonderful invention because you can learn about distant places at home. Get help with homework and chat with others online. I really hope you will consider my opinion on your article, editor of @ORGANIZATION1. thank you for your time.
@CAPS1 You know we all love computers, we all use them for all sorts of different things like chatting or working and most importantly doing something, but computers aren't that great for you, especially if yours Computers are your life and I think one of the reasons computers are bad in a way is that when you use a computer for a long time you get hungry and then you eat some snakes and when you are done using a computer You will get something. A pound can't imagine how many wigets you'll get if you do this every day! The next reason I think computers suck in a way is that when you use a computer for too long, your eyes start to hurt, your hands start to cramp, and everything starts to hurt from typing too much , and keep looking at the same thing. Makes you have eye problems and can also give you something and then you won't be able to do anything with your hands for a long time because it will start to hurt. The last reason I think a computer sucks in some way is because it can mess up your computer, it can overheat or just shut down because you've been using it for too long. It can also get viruses then you just have to buy a brand new computer @CAPS1 as you can see there are many reasons why I think computers are kind of bad
Lots of people have been talking about computers in @ORGANIZATION1. Networks like @CAPS1, @ORGANIZATION2 and @CAPS2 have been saying that computers are making people lazy, just pay attention. But I said otherwise! I think the advancement of technology is a good thing. Greatly? I'll give you @NUM1 reasons. My first reason is that they enable people to learn about distant places and people. The next reason is to make life better. My last reason is that it gives you hand-eye coordination @CAPS3 Are you not tired of going to the bookstore to find a book to do a project? Well now, you don't have to use a computer. You just need to go online and find what you need to know to learn about almost anything using @LOCATION1. The next reason is that computers make life better.
Dear local paper, I am reading this article about computers. I agree that kids and adults don't have time to enjoy nature and interact with family and friends. However, kids and adults should also spend some fun time outdoors and enjoy it. But when using a computer, it helps to search for information. I think both kids and adults need to be active and stay healthy because now kids don't want to play outside so they can play outside so they can play video games. When I was a kid I always played hide-and-seek, but now my mom doesn't like it anymore, she'd rather play it on the computer or on the phone for technical reasons. Children all over the world now know how to use computers because they don't want to be outside. Computers are only useful when you are doing reports or important things. For example, someone with a business will need a computer. Also, when the teacher sighs on someone's project, you will need a computer to search for that person's information. Finally, many children do not take responsibility for school. They don't think school is serious. It's wrong for kids to think that the computer will teach you everything because stuff on the computer can be made up. But it also makes life there very healthy. So that's why computers are good and time is bad, because kids don't play outside anymore, and computers help in searching for information. Is there anything you don't agree with me?
Dear @PERSON1, To this day there are still many people who use telecommunications equipment such as computers. Some people believe that computers have a positive impact on people. Others worry that people are spending too much time with them. I think both views are correct. Although computer use can become an addictive and unhealthy habit, they teach a person something every day, are fun, and help save the planet. I know there are millions of people who use computers every day and would think it would be hard to survive without @CAPS2. For example, I have four computers in my house. Each of us has our own specific reasons for using them. For my mom, @CAPS2 is usually at work or checking her email. For me and my sister, @CAPS2 homework research and typing, as well as communicating via facebook or with our friends. So say when my mom is at work, or my sister and I are working on what we've learned. Before these were computers, everyone was using them, but now that we have the internet, there's really no need to buy books. Most of the time, people don't even have the book they want and either have to go out and buy one from the library. Now this is inconvenient for people, so why not use the internet fast, and. People also use computers to like the Facebook, @CAPS1 or email I mentioned above. Fast, easy and fun with @CAPS2. @CAPS2 also saves paper that helps the planet. We've always used to send letters, but now with these sources, you don't need much! Computers are also fun for kids because you can carry a lot of games with you. Now, even though I mentioned all these good things, unfortunately there are bad things too. With so many people using computers every day, @CAPS2 is not good for your physical and mental health. People spend so much time with them that they become addicted. This means they will always be with them and never do other things like go out. They are not exercising, which can be detrimental to their physical health. Also, staring at a screen all day is bad for your eyes and brain. So I think, for these reasons, people shouldn't use them very often. In conclusion, what I want to say is that people should use the computer to study things, go out or do something positive, because spending all the time on the computer can lead to physical and mental health problems. Thank you and I hope you agree with me.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, @CAPS4 Many people think computers are bad and there are many reasons why they are good. Computers are very green, and so are the people who @PERCENT1 @DATE1 today. They also allow us to enter assignments and other important documents. People also don't know they're not the worst @ORGANIZATION1 on the market today. @MONTH1 Computers take up time people should be working out, but computers aren't the only thing that will allow more people to spend time watching @CAPS5 then they'll spend it on any other activity, @PERSON2 Lead @DATE1 @ORGANIZATION1 Conducted a survey on @DATE1. His survey revealed that on @DATE1, @NUM1 people were questioned @PERCENT2 for spending @NUM2 hours a day watching @CAPS5, @PERCENT3 spending @NUM3 hours on computer, @PERCENT4 spending @NUM4 hours reading, @PERCENT5 spending @NUM4 hours exercise. Clearly, computers are not our biggest problem. A lot of people today are "@CAPS7" or "@CAPS8-environment". So @DATE1 buys newspapers or magazines, most people go online to research current events. @PERSON1, @CAPS9 @DATE1 @ORGANIZATION2. Say if we use computers instead of @DATE1 newspapers @PERCENT6 @DATE1 the trees we cut each year will be saved. So obviously computers are environmentally friendly. Young people today are more chaotic than ever. @CAPS10 Hard to grade papers and exams because @DATE1 kids hand write. So @DATE1 handwritten papers, kids make @CAPS10 easier by typing their work. New research shows that @PERCENT7 @DATE1 @CAPS10 finds kids to type easier + better. This shows that children are better at typing and homework. I hope you now understand my stance on computers. Helps us in many other ways too. All in all, they're not as time-consuming as @MONTH1 thinks. They also help us do research, be environmentally friendly, and help young people @DATE1 make our world a click cleaner.
Dear @PERSON1, I think computers can help you. There are many things like my teacher gave my class some homework and we have to find out the facts about @CAPS1 @CAPS2 and @NUM1. I don't know anything about @CAPS1 @CAPS2 and @NUM1 if it's not a computer. Plus, computers can help you find long-lost family members, because when my grandfather died, my mom found her sister on the computer. Also on the computer I can find other states that I don't know, the computer can teach you a lot of things my mom and teachers can't teach @CAPS5. No, @CAPS6 is just saying that computers can teach you things people don't know.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, I recently started researching the impact of computers on people and discovered some shocking facts. I don't believe at all that computers are good for society. I think it's three reasons why it deprives people of exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with friends @CAPS1 is a growing problem in @LOCATION1 and a major factor in @CAPS1 is computers. In fact, statics makes people who spend more time exercising than looking at electronics all day actually live longer. So the number one reason why I say computers don't benefit society is that they make people less physically active. People need exercise to live, and with computers, exercise has become more lacking than ever. Also, if you exercise in your life instead of watching or doing violent things online, which will lead to a less violent future, exercising will be more fun for you. My second reason is the lack of enjoyment of nature caused by computers. Nature is a beautiful thing, full of boiling lakes, the beautiful aroma of balsam, and thousands of creatures. With computers, kids miss out on the fresh air and adventure of nature. My parents didn't have computers when they were kids, and they said they liked running around the neighborhood, playing sports and other fun activities. Finally, computers lack interaction with friends. Remember when you were a kid you called your friends to hang out and sleepovers, now computers have made it unnecessary for people to call or hang out with friends. Instead, you can just @CAPS2 or email them, @CAPS3 you can even have a conversation without looking at people! Finally, computers lead to a lack of exercise, enjoying nature, and interacting with friends. Please help and encourage others to help me stop using my computer! Thank you for your time and I hope you have learned some shocking and interesting facts from this letter.
To: @ORGANIZATION1 is moving so fast, and at best they've made more new attempts. They invented a computer that helps people do the work they have to do, but there's a big problem with people spending too much on computer teens. I think it's a scary thought because they spend less time moving around and spending less time with friends and family, @CAPS1 it's dangerous for teens. But a lot of people @MONTH1 don't like me. There are a lot of teens and adults just wasting time on the computer instead of playing outside, enjoying nature, exercising, and having fun. You don't think it's a good idea. Well, a friend of mine used to hang out every day. I think. I really miss her. You know when you're going to be with your family. But guess what they are on the computer, wasting time instead of spending time with family. Do you think this is good? Well, not because the family got together and stopped seeing you. It is so sad that the family is separated. That's not all, because you think people are going to have dangerous problems, and they do. You know how you got a myspace and then you meat a boy who says the name is the same as you and tells you if he can see you and you say yes assuming you are @NUM1 year old girl he is like @NUM2 years old. He will abuse you or kill you. You thought he was @NUM1 but he wasn't. I think it's dangerous for kids. I think having a computer is a terrible idea because you will spend less time in nature, and also less time with your family and getting involved in dangerous things. But people @MONTH1 disagree with me, but what if your kids are in danger. how do you feel? People should really think about owning a computer.
Who in the world would say that computers are useless. No one, a computer is one of the most useful devices ever made. I think computers are perfect for helping you develop skills. I have @NUM1 reasons, it builds skills, quick access to information, and fun. Now let's get started with tricks. Skills are what you need to have if you want to pursue a career. You can learn skills from books, TV and computers. For example, I learned how to type quickly on a computer in a game called type to learn. After a week of competition. I type like a pro. Computers also have chess to help build strategy. Just ask my super smart English teacher @PERSON1" she said chess has character and powers your mind. Moving on, I want to talk about how you get instant information with a computer. Experts say it's the #1 way to get information iinfo Terrible. I know I agree with this, after testing @LOCATION1 carver in my book, but one of my pages is missing. I use my computer to not only get my info fast. I also get more More information than books. I passed my test the next day. @NUM2%. How useful your computer is. Finally, I want to talk to you about old fun. As you know, it's great for building skills and acquiring information, but you can always use a computer for entertainment. You know there are people in the world who say computers aren't fun? No, you can't, because everyone in the world uses a computer for fun things like online games, video, and conversations People. Thank me for the reason why computers build skills, information, and fun.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, in many ways, computers are very useful to human rarity. They can be used to find information, talk to family and friends about music, and more. Don't you think people waste more time on the computer than exercising? It's clear that a computer can do almost anything it wants and doesn't. But why spend time on the computer when you can spend time with your family. Exercise, or get some fresh air. I think computers have positive effects on people, and one of the negative effects is being able to talk to your friends. I know sometimes we don't see them at school. In my opinion, I think it's a great way so you can catch up on fun times that you can share with your friends. Now, here comes the negative impact. Mang kids are being bullied and picked on by other kids on the internet. This can lead to low self-esteem in other children and lead to dangerous events in the future. When it comes to computers, they have saved many lives. Some of these approaches are finding ways to treat harmful diseases. When severe weather storms are approaching, computers provide information and prepare us for the weather. Don't you agree that computers have played a huge role in our lives? Sometimes we she takes a break from them and enjoys nature. So, have fun with technology and don't forget to stay active.
Dear local paper, have you ever wondered why people spend so much time on the computer. People work great because you can talk to people from far away, just like you can talk to people you go to @LOCATION1 in @LOCATION1 and/or @CAPS1 @LOCATION1. The bad part is that if you're on your computer all the time, then you're neglecting time with family and friends. You become a couch potato when you spend all your time on your computer and it's also a good reason a family member has moved and you have to communicate via webcam so if you like to live in @LOCATION2 then you have everything your family at @STATE1 by sending letters and sending pictures, but they can't see your actions, over the phone you can only hear the sound of anything you can see. A lot of people disagree because a lot of people think computers are a big waste, so that's all I have to say on the subject.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2's opinion about computers is that people should use them. Think about your kids, when they grow up, they need to know how to use a computer to go to school and even work. It also teaches hand-eye coordination for multitasking. Computers are also fun and easy to use. I'm almost sure you love using computers, who doesn't? @CAPS2 The first reason is that you need to use a computer in your daily life. For example, if you're going for a job interview, most @CAPS3 will ask you how many words you can type in a minuet, you need to be proficient. Also in school, if you have a writing disability, it takes more time to write than to type. All @CAPS3 you will have to enter it one time or another. Aspesaily As a @CAPS1 job, you need a computer every day. Computers also teach hand-eye coordination. Hand-eye coordination is a bit like multitasking, you can type and talk on the phone, or even circle and text in the outer circle. Hand-eye coordination is a very important skill in life. All @CAPS3, you need to multitask, like in the library you need to find a book and talk to people. Even driving the car, you need to multitask to keep it on your hands, you need to use the brakes and gas quickly, and you need to keep your eyes on the road. You have to multitask with hand-eye coordination. You are lucky, the computer taught you. @CAPS2 The last and last reason is that it's fun and easy to use. I'm @NUM1 when I start using a computer that I love to play fun games on. I've never been able to type, but I grabbed it because it turns easily if you're having fun while playing. Like math, it's not fun, but you have to learn how to do it. So if you like to have fun while looking for something, a computer is for you. People study now or never, get @CAPS3 and get good grades. It's fun and easy to learn how to use. It teaches you hand-eye coordination and multitasking. You absolutely need to know how to use computers at @CAPS3 and at school. We need computers all our lives, and we need computers every day of our lives. Don't tell people it's going to notice your brain or you'll be unhealthy by looking at it on the computer. Don't you see all the benefits of computers?
This is my @CAPS1, I think computers are useful, this is my @NUM1 reason, a kid can talk to their friend @CAPS2 and they get punished. My second reason is that people can keep using computers @CAPS2 and they get bored with it: @CAPS2 a kid beats all the games, @CAPS2 they are bored they will go looking for new purchases, my last reason Yes @CAPS2 people want to find something like their project, but @CAPS2 labireey is down and they can copy what they need. My number one reason is so kids can talk to their friends on the computer @CAPS2 Before they got grounded: I was grounded on @DATE1 because I hit my cousin, but I still have to be with my friends Talk, and then we're still talking, but the only way to trick your parents is by telling your friends you're asking about homework. My second reason is that people can keep using the computer @CAPS2 and they get bored with it: @CAPS2 A kid beats all his games and he's happy to go and find new games to buy or rent them, or for the computer Play downloadable games. My last reason is @CAPS2 someone wants to find something for his or her project and liebreey is closed to get the info and copy it down for your project. My conclusion is that we need computers to survive without them and we will still be in the Stone Age.
Some people don't like computers for immediate reasons, while others don't. I love computers, but @CAPS1 not addicted to computers give people a good effort, even me, you can learn things from computers, you start to gain good hand-eye coordination, one thing I like is that you can "talk" "other people. A lot of people use the computer so much that they don't exercise, or look at nature as much as some normal (other) people, and they don't spend it with their families. I'd rather just spend three hours on the computer ( #@NUM1 ) so I can do other things with my time, as you or anyone should.
My take on computers is that I think it's a good idea for people to use computers. I think so because if you haven't seen someone in years, then you have a chance to meet that person, or talk to that person from a computer. Computers are also good because if you have a project to do in school then you can get good information based on the project you have to do. I love chatting on my computer with friends I haven't seen in a while, and you can also meet new people and make friends. Without a computer, we would have to dig through a lot of books to find information, or go all the way to the bank to check your account balance, which is why I think a computer is a good idea. On the computer you can see workouts to stay fit, we don't just need to go to the gym. My dad turns on the computer to chat with his sisters or play games with other people around the world. Another example I can use is my mom who talks to her family at @LOCATION1 and elsewhere. Without a computer, we can't test, we can't get information. I think a computer is a very good idea because it's also good when you have to pay the bills. We can also interact with friends and family online, if it rains or snows and we don't have a chance to see our friends or relatives, that's what a lot of Tenns and aults do. For some people, they don't think it's a good idea because some people are addicted to computers, but there are so many things you can do that a computer can't get you on a plane. That's why I think computers are a good idea and they are so important.
Many people use computers today. But not everyone thinks they are good for society. But computers can do anything! You can do research, you can play games, and most importantly, you are free. Have you ever had a school project to do but didn't have a book with the information you wanted? Well, the internet does. Many computers are connected to the interaction, you can find anything in it! Are you trying to find facts for your science project? Just go on your favorite search engine and search for your topic. You'll find endless pages on just about anything. Even if you don't do your studies, you can find anything on the internet. Did you forget your favorite football player's number? Search for his name and it will tell you on your screen. Do you want to know why @CAPS1 won @CAPS2 @CAPS3? Your options are endless! You can play games even if your computer does not have internet. Playing games on a computer is a great hobby! If you are connected to the internet, you can play games with other people around the world. Gaming on your computer is a great hobby, but you can't play it all the time, you need to find other things to do. There are all kinds of computer games. Adventure games, shooters, multiplayer and more! You can even play poker on your computer. I think the best part of any computer is the freedom you have on one. You can do almost anything. You can surf the web, play games, and even talk to people. You can also customize your computer to your liking. Do you have a picture of your cat? You can use it as your desktop background. Want a different cursor, you can change it! You can change anything you want with just a click of the mouse. There you go, computers have endless possibilities. You can learn, play and be free. But the most important part of using a computer is to enjoy it and have fun!
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 Personal experience, I think computers have a positive effect on people. Many people like to spend their time on the computer because with today's technology, many things can be done faster. @PERCENT1 of @CAPS2 has a computer at home. I do, and it's great. I got most of it done and it was just a matter of time. I think computers have a positive impact on people because today you can do almost anything. For example, I have family in @LOCATION2; @LOCATION3, @LOCATION1, and @LOCATION4, and instead of calling them, I can video chat with them and feel like you're actually there. Also, now that you can pay your bills online, instead of sending a letter in the mail and waiting for when it arrives and having to buy extremely expensive stamps, you can just email it for free. Most college students do their homework on the computer. They type papers, or while they are doing research on someone or something, they can save it and take notes later. So basically a computer is a part of almost everyone's life, it can be entertaining, fun, and used for more important things. What I'm trying to say is that computers are part of every teen's daily activity. We love interacting with our friends, listening to music, and connecting with family and other real people you don't normally interact with in a technology. Some even go to school and earn a degree through a computer. Computers are important, computers will scan me for this test and give me a score, so I think now you will agree with me when I say computers have and will always have a positive impact on people. Thank you for taking the time to listen to me and I hope you agree.
@DATE1 @CAPS1 Local newspaper, I think computers have a huge impact on people. My take is that computers make kids lazy and inactive. Having a computer allows kids to sit there and do nothing. I'm sure you've heard of sites like myspace, facebook, formsping, etc. These sites can make people willing to use the computer instead of exercising and staying healthy. I believe kids like me these days want to keep in touch with their friends. If the phone is not in the picture, the computer is. Getting rid of computers can also stop gays from controlling children by pretending to be their age. I admit computers can be useful, but working all day is ridiculous. I have a @NUM1 year old brother who is on the computer from waking to sleeping. He's not healthy at all compared to me, and that's what countless hours on the computer do to him. In fact, he is so much on my space that he has more than @NUM2 friends, he doesn't even have half, he gives them his phone number and home address. Have you noticed that a lot of kids want it these days. Can be when you'd rather waste something other than your computer, at least yourself. I've always loved football, but I can @CAPS2 find time to play with my brother. They only care about chicks and of course computers. I'm not going to take away computers from people's homes, I'm going to stop spending hours a day on computers because time is one thing @CAPS2 can buy with money. Some kids look back on these days and wonder how much time they wasted. Long story short, just like life, don't spend all of it doing nothing.
Dear newspaper, people spend too much time on the computer. You can enjoy nature, exercise or travel outdoors. Some say you can learn about animals and plants on a computer, but there's nothing better than actually being outside with them. People who hike and really enjoy the outdoors are smarter than people who don't @PERCENT1. I prefer to be outside rather than inside, and I got straight A's. Exercise is also a great way to get outside. My favorite sport is baseball and I'm pretty good. Some places say a computer can help you with hand-eye coordination, but how can a computer help you? Exercise can help you with hand-eye coordination. Exercise can also help you get stronger. Baseball is the reason I can bench press @NUM1 lbs. The kids of @PERCENT2 who play sports are not overweight, but the kids of @PERCENT3 are not. Traveling is also a great way to get out. I like to travel. I am proficient in English French and Spanish. My favorite place to go is @CAPS1 north of @LOCATION1. A computer can show you pictures of a place, but it's really fascinating when you're actually there. The picture on the computer can't even compare to what it really looks like. You also can't walk on a computer, drink water from streams, or climb cliffs. There really is no comparison. Computers are much, much worse for real nature. There is really no comparison with real life and nature. Computers are not as good as real life. You can enjoy nature's sports outdoors and travel the world. thank you for your time.
Do you remember sitting bored watching your @CAPS1 radio or sitting in the doctor's office waiting for boring school projects? Well, no more! There have been many advances since the invention of the computer, all of which have disappeared. There was a time when the only way to do a project in a country was to look at the newspapers until you found out that now with the advancement of computers you can type a country's content into google, search the site, and the @NUM1 thing comes up that country. In fact, @PERSON1 a computer expert and inventor of one of the most advanced computers on the planet says that depending on the subject, searching for information is now @PERCENT1 to @PERCENT2 eisier. Also, you no longer have to write redundant type writes that always have errors that have to be retyped. You can use @ORGANIZATION1 and enter your article. Any misspellings are underlined in red, so you'll rarely make a spelling mistake. Due to the increase in knowledge, computers are very beneficial to humans from a learning point of view. The second reason I think computers are so beneficial to us is that they are fun. On your new laptop, you can play mini clips or addictive games, including gaming sites and play games. Not only are these games fun, they improve hand-eye coordination and help with movement, driving, writing, and many other things. More advanced gaming computers called consoles like @CAPS2-box @NUM2, @ORGANIZATION1, @NUM3, @CAPS4 @CAPS3 provide extreme gaming experience. One of the newest games for these consoles is called @CAPS5 of @CAPS6! Modern @CAPS7 @NUM4. The game has an online system where you can talk and play against people all over the world. Not only that, but advanced games like @CAPS5 from @CAPS6 also improve eyesight. Research shows that playing @NUM4 hours a day of high-action games improves vision better than eating @NUM6 servings of carrots a day. The last reason I think computers are good for you is that they require boring waiting. If you let everyone go to @CAPS10, you know that limes can last up to @NUM4 hours. People used to just stand there and wait. Now people can pull out their @CAPS11 or @NUM8 players and listen to music. The @CAPS11 can capture video and pictures, as well as play music, videos and games. If you're lucky enough to have my touch, you can check email, stocks, weather and news on @CAPS13 and buy songs for @NUM9 cheaper than @CAPS14. Taken together, all these technical advantages have benefited us immensely. We can now learn about new existing things while improving our vision without having to wait.
Dear local paper @CAPS1, I think some people don't use computers much. Some may be talking to their family. See if they are good or bad so they can know. What if someone dies in their family and they know nothing about these peoples? It could be their parents, grandmother, grandfather, aunt, uncle, maybe one of their best friends. Some may also be on their bank account. See if they can withdraw money from the bank. It is also possible to send money to their family members via a computer. They may be paying their bills from a computer. They own that bank's money, or maybe they're doing something. I also think that people use computers a lot. Just like kids, they go to the computer just to play games. This is not suitable for small children as if they continue to use the computer. They probably don't want to leave the computer. Parents will then have a hard time getting their kids to eat or sleep. This will be a tough job. So I think some people should go out and exercise and enjoy nature. I believe people will go out to exercise, enjoy nature, and spend more time with their families. And thanks to the local newspaper. Some people are also now about people things are about some people.
I People spend too much time on the computer. Many people play with computers all day. They should spend time with family and friends. People never have enough time for activities. The computer should also be used primarily for talking with family and friends, homework, research, gaming @CAPS1 boredom and work. First, people need to spend more time with family and friends than on the computer. For example @CAPS1 your mother or father asks you @CAPS1 you want to go out to dinner and you say no, I'm on the computer, that just means you are obsessed with the computer. A lot of families are torn apart because people spend too much time on the computer @CAPS1 You have a friend come over and they say I'm bored and all you do is play games on the computer instead of being rude and boring because of your friends . So you need to get away from your computer and spend time with your loved ones. Earlier I said how people spend time with their loved ones, people also need to spend more time doing activities. A lot of people eat while sitting at the computer, so over time they end up getting fat. @CAPS1 You are gaining weight because you are on the computer than you need to do some activity to lose fat. @CAPS1, you're a teenager and you're given the idea of playing sports, and you're doing it because the computer is more important than a serious computer obsession. Therefore, the computer should be used wisely. Computers should be used to chat with family and friends, do homework, research, work, @CAPS1 You are bored and play some games on the computer. These are probably the most important things most likely to use for a computer. A lot of these things I listed are important because @CAPS1 you go to the computer just to watch people talk, so what's the point of wasting your time on the computer when you can do so many different things on the computer ? . For example, @CAPS1 you have assignments like vocabulary and you need to define you can go to www.dictionary.com to find them, or @CAPS1 you just need to define a simple word. In conclusion, people spend too much time on the computer. They need to spend more time with family and friends. People also need to do more activities in their lives. In the end, you should use your computer for useful things like homework or even very important research. So, as you can see, humans spend too much time on computers instead of doing more important things.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I know a lot of people who say people are spending too much time on the computer and not exercising well, I know a lot of them are using the computer and they are using the enuff. I'll explain why in the fewest paragraphs. First of all I want to start by saying that it's good that people love computers and work with them because it records their learning activities and they learn new things that will help them be successful in life, people play games, crossword puzzles , riddles, and many more. Also using the internet for purchasing, auto parts etc. Second, the use of computers is very helpful for humans as it affects students schools, parents/guardians/teens. It will have an impact, many schools are now using computers, especially students to do theirs. It affects parents because using it will be successful in life and help them get a job, have a job. Finally, they get enough exercise as they go to bed, eat, go to school, work, or do something that involves walking. Those days no one just sits at home doing nothing. They always have something to do or somewhere to go. Well, I want you to think about what I told you and think about it. Thank you for taking the time, and remember that your work is also done on your computer.
Dear @CAPS1, for some reason people use computers all over the world, but they are very necessary in our world. That's why computers have a great influence on people today. They help us connect with family members far away. Children rely on them to study or do homework. Adults need them to get work done, such as sending emails or entering proposals. That's why computers have a good influence on us. Like me, many kids have families across the ocean or across the country, and it can be difficult to connect with them either way. Calling them @MONTH1 is expensive in most cases, and sending letters will definitely take a long time to reach them. With email, messages are sent quickly and for free. You can also have conversations via email without issue. Another very effective way to keep in touch with family members is via Skype or webcam. This way, you can see your family from miles away from the comfort of your home. Computers can also help children. Kids like me are always doing homework on the computer. It could be printing the final draft of a paper or documenting historical figures, either way a computer is required. Sure, there are books to memorize people, but do books know how to type? Children and teens can also use them to learn. I use my computer regularly to practice buying in Spanish, using websites with worksheets and flash cards to help me. Computer nbots only help children, they also help adults. Many adults in @LOCATION1 and other countries are business people. They're constantly sending emails, entering proposals and all that stuff. All of this would be very challenging without a computer. Merchants aren't the only ones doing this, though. My dad is a voter and has to send emails and documents about his latest projects multiple times a week. Besides work, we also use them in our daily life. For example, ordering clothes and toys, but the most popular is paying taxes online. It's faster and easier, which is why @PERCENT1 from @CAPS2 does the tax online. Computers work well for people of this age. I'm not just my opinion, but more of a fact. They help us stay in touch with distant relatives, help our children stay ahead of the curve in school, and help our parents and other adults go about their day-to-day work. They are not only helpful but necessary, and I hope you agree with me.
Dear local newspaper? Today I am writing this letter to you using my computer. I believe people without computers have the right to say that people are surfing the web and not exercising. My three themes are their ability to teach hand-eye coordination to give people the ability to learn, to allow people to communicate. First of all, computers are not for talking! It allows them to learn hand-eye. If people believe that computers are just for fun. They'll teach you how to type and take some typing lessons without looking at the keyboard. Second, it enables people to learn about other cultures or where a is. @PERCENT1 of the US population is online. Learning, @PERCENT2 is working online. What about children? where. I'm sure they will buy online educational games for them. In the end, it gives . and others. If a school closes late, you don't know what you want to get. The ability of people to check what's going on around the world or check the weather. This is why I really believe people should be online at least twice a week.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 has no effect on people because you can play games, chat online and watch funny videos on your computer. Also, you can use your computer for research projects, or you can use @CAPS2 to get some facts about @CAPS3 people like @PERSON2, @PERSON1, and @LOCATION1. Also, who wants to get their @CAPS2 and workout, workouts are so boring and lame. Second, who in particular wants to enjoy nature, walking through is boring, you will be walking through mud, ticks will be everywhere, mosquitoes will try to bite you when you sweat. When kids get older, they mostly don't want to interact or spend time with their family, they want to spend time with friends every day. Also, they most want to use technology. When kids are not in the mood to call, they spend time texting on their phones. Third, the computer does give you hand-eye coordination, and it teaches you how to type without looking down at the keyboard. The computer also teaches you how to place your fingers on the main row of the keyboard. In the end, @CAPS2 does benefit society because you can use this technology in middle school, high school, and college. You will learn more about these techniques as you get older. Also, children can teach their parents how to use a computer if their parents don't know how to use a computer. Teaching your parents how to use @CAPS2 is a huge responsibility for your actions.
For anyone @ORGANIZATION1 that @MONTH1 follows, pretty much everyone has them. Computers can find certain places more easily by using search engines like @CAPS1 or @CAPS2, and they are also a way of communicating. I believe that people's use of computers does benefit society because scientists use computers every day, making plans to send spacecraft into space or keeping experiments going. Computers help people stay organized. Many teens and kids use their computers to shop and keep in touch with friends. Some people think that people spend a lot of time on the computer. @MONTH1 True, but also remember what it does for society. It's a personal choice when people spend less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. It's not like what @ORGANIZATION1 asked of them.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 People use computers, but not everyone thinks it's good for society. In my opinion, computers are good for society. There is the @CAPS1 website to help you find information. Computers also enable people to work easily. The third reason is that @CAPS1 companies can use them to gain business. If you are working on a project or need to find information about something, the internet is one of the easiest ways to find that information. Google.com contains a wealth of information on almost any topic you can think of. If you're a teen without a driver's license and no one takes you to the library, the computer will allow you to turn in your reports/projects on time. There are also websites that can give you directions, where you need to go. Mapquest.com is a quick and easy way to help you figure out which way to go. Computers make it easy for people. If your family lives far away and you don't have enough money to pay your phone bill, a computer can help you stay connected. There are websites that help you keep in touch with old friends you no longer see. Computers are one of the only ways people at war can talk to their loved ones. They don't have a phone and it can take a long time to send a letter. Companies use computers to facilitate public access. If you are a new company, you can put a small ad on the screen of yahoo.com and millions of people will see it. They therefore use the computer to make flyers easily and quickly. It can take hours to craft a hundred flyers by hand. But on a computer all you have to do is make one, and then you can print out a hundred. Using computers helps society. You can easily find what you are looking for and you can talk to anyone you want. Also, it is easy for companies to attract business. These are just a few of the @CAPS1 reasons why computers are good for society.
Dear local paper - I know that computers are increasingly becoming a "must have" in people's daily lives. I believe this is a great thing! If you're typing on a computer, this helps improve people's hand-eye coordination. Plus, you can learn more about people, places, cultures, and more. Finally, you can communicate online with other friends and even meet new people. First of all, I think having a computer is a good idea because it helps people improve hand-eye coordination. My cousin @PERSON3 was a great baseball player who was often hard to catch when he was younger. He tried over and over and never gave up. Then, for his birthday, his parents bought him a computer! He's excited, but when it comes to typing, he's not the best. Not only did he practice baseball, he also typed. His family realized that buying him that computer was the best idea. It improved his baseball career (by throwing and catching) and boosted his grades in school. However, @PERSON3 isn't the only one getting hand-eye coordination through a computer. A recent Yale University study showed that @PERCENT1 acquired some hand-eye coordination in people who had used a computer for at least a month. @PERSON1, a high school computer teacher, said, "@CAPS1 freshmen tell me that computers make their athletic careers easier because they have better hand-eye coordination now." Computers combine two things, you learn Type and help with your hand-eye coordination. Do you want you @CAPS3 to lack this positive ability in your life? In addition, computers can help you learn more about people, places and cultures. A few days ago I heard there was an earthquake at @ORGANIZATION2. I also learned that @LOCATION2, @LOCATION1's powerplant exploded. How do I know all this you are asking? Homepage of @CAPS2.com! However, I'm not the only one getting this knowledge from the internet, there are many more. @ORGANIZATION1 did a poll on how much @CAPS3 uses computers for research, and @PERCENT2 replied that they do. Does society really want to deprive @CAPS3 of what's happening around us and our history? In conclusion, one can communicate with friends and relatives. Great if you haven't seen them lately, or if you just want to keep in touch. For example, @PERSON4, mycousin, just found me on facebook. I haven't seen her in eight years, but I've been talking to her now. We talked about visiting each other and how our family was doing. However, you can also talk to your friends. Research shows that @PERCENT3 in @CAPS3 between the ages of 11 and 18 chat with their friends via Facebook every day. Teenage psychiatrist Dr. @PERSON2 said: "I think it's a good idea for @CAPS3 to communicate with other @CAPS3s via computer. It gives them the opportunity to interact in a different way." Such a wonderful life for them @CAPS3 Way, do you want to feel guilty for ruining it? In the end, people have the perfect opportunity in front of them. Computers help improve hand-eye coordination and help you learn. It also lets people interact with others in different ways. Do you think these golden ideas are bad for our society?
Dear: Local paper I agree with the experts that computers should be used because I said people do need computers because they are important, computers can search quickly and people can communicate through computers. People have computers at home because we and they need us sometimes need you to take a few minutes but do you look up at the computer you will see in a second so we should stay on the computer more @CAPS1 need Computers, so very important to @CAPS1 because sometimes they have no one else standing somewhere, they look up at the counter like they're stolen, we have homework, we have to get to know an important person, we have to be easy on the computer learn. Some people don't have a computer at home. But they will go and what they have to leave. I have to consider spending time with a famous one. But we must have computers as we must because we need to. Some people play games. But for home jobs and some of them it's a big deal. Computers are needed for work, and for the most part, like I want to be a cop and a cop. They have a smaller computer in that car to search the store, which is important to the police. I know most celebrities want to spend time with celebrities, but we have to prepare for our future because we need computers to help us, and we need computers of the future. You agree with me, this is my objection.
Dear local paper: @CAPS1, you are the local paper and you have the right to say how you feel about the impact of computers on people. I believe that computers have had a huge impact on people because it can teach hand-eye coordination, it allows people to understand distant places, and it allows you to talk to people. In conclusion, the folks at @PERCENT1 agree with me about computers. First, use computers to teach people hand-eye coordination. For example, my grandmother told me that she knew how to use her hands and eyes because she could use a computer. This is because she is typing and researching information all day. In conclusion, computers are designed to help your eyes and hands be more focused. Second, computers have a lot of interesting information about distant places. Quote from @PERSON1 from @ORGANIZATION1, "I always use a computer at work because it helps me learn so many new things. @CAPS2, it allows my wife and I to search for details on trips we want to continue. " @CAPS2, people agree with what @PERSON1 said. But, as the folks at @MONTH1 say, the computer gives the wrong information many times, but if you find a great site, it will never lie to you. Third, if you use a computer, it allows you to chat online or video with friends or family around the world. What's in it for you, because if you haven't seen your relatives in a long time and you can't buy a ticket to visit them, then video chat. It brings people closer and you see the world in a completely different way. @CAPS2, instead of wasting all your phone time, go get a laptop or computer with a camera so you can video chat. Finally, it's important to accept others and take an active part in their lives. All in all, you'll have great eye coordination, you'll be able to research far-flung places, and you'll always be allowed to video chat or talk to your family online. @CAPS2, I want you to tell the world that computers are useful and that people use them every day without any problems. In the end, you'll have the best feeling if you know that you believe that spending time on your computer can teach you a lot to make everyone smile!
computer? Have you ever wondered how computers are made, or how each widget of a computer is installed? Well, unfortunately, I don't have the answers to these questions, but I do have another question for you to consider. Are computers bad for you? Well, I don't think they are because first of all, they teach us hand-eye coordination and give people the opportunity to learn about places and people they have never seen or even heard of, and finally allow people to talk to distant relatives or friends without having to go to them. Like I said before, computers give good eye coordination. For example, people are usually not very good at catching the ball at first, but of course if you keep practicing you will get better. The same goes for computers, at first you're not very good or fast at typing, but if you keep practicing you'll gradually get faster. Then this good habit will help you when you go to school or work. Second, computers enable people to learn about places or people they have never seen or heard of. For example, some people may not have heard of Water Falls, trails, or food from @ORGANIZATION1. Another example is that some people may not know that belly dancing comes from @LOCATION1. Or the big dragon from @LOCATION2. A great source for finding all these things in a short amount of time without much effort. Computers are also great for elderly people in wheelchairs who can't bring too many things. Finally, it allows people to talk to distant relatives or family members online. It's even better because then there may be a dad on a business trip to another country, and it's really satisfying to make a phone call and you can forget about sending a letter. If you can see how much they've grown, it's always good to greet fathers, mothers, or even distant cousins online. I hope you support me in this judgment, because it is very important to me. Remember my three reasons, don't forget this includes you.
Computers can be used for anything, but sometimes people use it for music like illeagle, some music sites are illeagle, and sometimes things on the internet. Meeting people over the internet can sometimes be dangerous because some people lie there or take fake photos.
Dear @CAPS1, Computers play a huge role in society. A lot of adults and children spend a lot of time on the computer every day, which I think sucks. I think it's better to spend time with family than at the computer. Exercising and enjoying the outdoors can also be a very time-consuming activity. Studying, school work and work are also important things people should do and not spend so much on the computer. Family is very important in life and some people take advantage of it. Instead of spending all day at the computer, it might be more fun to go home with your family and do activities with them. For example, most teens will be talking to friends or playing games on this computer when they get home from school, rather than talking to their parents about the day or anything. By spending time with your family, you can not only get to know them more, but you can become closer and be able to talk to them about anything. Nature is a beautiful thing. Sure, you can see pictures of nature on the internet, but! is is not the same as actual. Outdoors, enjoying nature, walking, running, or even hiking, you can get a workout. Exercising is a very important thing in one's life because you need to stay fit and everything happens by being on a computer. Adults and even some teens have jobs. While some jobs involve computers, most do not. No one can get a job by playing games on a computer all day. I talk to people. Teens do well when they play games. Computers are everywhere. There are many important activities such as spending time with family, enjoying nature, and school work and work. A computer is not a necessity. We live so I think using should use them
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 Tired, lazy people are wasting their lives sitting on computers. The question is whether you think people spend a lot of time on their computers. I firmly believe that people spend a lot of time on the computer. And, here's the @CAPS2 reason, people spend less time exercising, people don't enjoy nature, and less time interacting with family and friends. No doubt you probably know that exercising at least helps in life, @CAPS4 If people are sitting at home @NUM1 computers without exercising, it will cause people to get too much waiting. Because they just sit there. Do nothing but the computer. The more they get lazy. So they don't want to do anything, it's really just the waist of life. And, in some cases, it can lead to depression. Just ask a local resident who said "@CAPS2 Mom used to be on the computer and didn't do anything about her life" and @CAPS3 she became frustrated. And, shortly after, committed suicide. "@CAPS3 More and more people are going to be like this. I know a lot of people who like to be outside on a sunny day. @CAPS4 @CAPS1 Someone was in the room that day with their eyes on a computer screen. Because they don't want to Do anything about their life. @CAPS4 @CAPS1 If that's someone you love. Do it with their life. I'm pretty sure you'll try to do something to help them get out of that path. Ask another one Local resident @PERSON1, said: "I remember coming home every day, with @CAPS2 mum, no sunshade, asphalt blocks, like a dark cave, she'd sit at the computer for hours wasting her time Life, I remember asking her how long it has been since you went out, and she replied that it has been almost two months. "@CAPS4 I know from the @CAPS2 family there is a family where one of my members is a "computer junkie" and, I remember at a family reunion @CAPS2 aunt was the only one who could never cooperate with me. Because she's busy play computer. with her
@PERCENT1 of everyone in @LOCATION3 owns the computer. This number shows how many people enjoy the technological advancement of computers. It helps us communicate better, get information faster, and entertain us. Computers have a very positive effect on us. With the invention of computers, more and more people can communicate faster and easier. For example, let's say you want to chat @CAPS1 with your friends in @LOCATION1, all you have to do is visit a social networking site and chat with them. Also, @CAPS1 you have relatives who live all over the country and you can use your webcam to talk to them. When you can talk to people from all over the world. You can learn more about the culture of other countries and the way of life in other cities. Finally, @CAPS1 a relative is gone, you can still talk to your uncle or grandma and the relationship gets better. The Internet and computers are a wealth of information. With all the search engines on the internet, you can find out how tall a maple tree is or how to lose weight. Others @MONTH1 say it's not good to sit still while studying, but you can search for family activities, nature walks and new exciting exercises. When students need information about school programs, they can keep searching instead of going to the library. People are getting smarter because of the internet. Because of the Internet, it is basically no longer boring. Neither children nor adults will get bored. Boredom is bad because kids will do anything to stop it. When computers come, people can play games, watch @CAPS2.V. And movies, and doing business. @CAPS1 You missed your favorite @CAPS2.V. Show that you can go online and watch them. @CAPS1 You need to send a letter to @LOCATION2, the e-mail is in place, your mail will never be slow. Finally, you can play many, many games on the Internet to maintain eye-hand coordination. With all these extraordinary great things, we can all live in a happier and better world. Information is faster, communication is better, and entertainment is better. All searches are in a very nice world.
Dear local paper: @CAPS1 I'm @PERSON1, and @CAPS2 will tell you something positive and negative: the truth about computers. First of all @CAPS2 will tell you some positive things about computers. The internet is the virtual network at your fingertips that provides the smartest questions to most questioners. Everything is easier on the internet, I mean, to understand how it works, all you have to do is use a keyboard and mouse. Computers have changed over the years, from. Yes, there are popular chat sites @CAPS3, facebook, twitter, flickr on computers. It looks cool, yes, but the internet also has a very dark side! Second, here are some dark secrets about computers. So far, there have been reports of teen suicide in the news, such as: Girls commit suicide due to lack of suicide. The boy committed suicide because. Yes, we do live in a world where everyone is judged by how they are. Well, you have it. Computers are good or bad, we just have to be.
Dear newspaper, @CAPS1, do you want people to be so memorized by computers that they miss the world around them? @CAPS1 Do you want the kids of @LOCATION1 to spend hours a day playing games on the computer while they get some fresh air outside? The question, then, is whether @CAPS1 computers are good or bad for people. The obvious answer is that it doesn't work well. People often use computers to teach them bad habits and can search for inappropriate things. If people always play games on the computer then @CAPS1 when they go out to play. The answer is never. People who use computers regularly don't get enough exercise. One of the reasons so many people in @LOCATION1 are obese is that they don't get enough exercise. Computers don't help the situation at all. Someone said, "@CAPS2 I'm going to spend an hour on the computer and then I'm going to work out." But one hour on the computer turned into two, and then two turned into three, and you know what you're wasting on A day written on the computer, no exercise at all. Also, there are so many games on PC these days that you can really do it, and you won't stop playing them. Yes, some games are really fun, but you don't have to play them all day. You can play a fun game for fifteen minutes and then go get some air. As you can a computer can memorize a lot, so they don't get enough exercise. Second, people develop bad habits. For example, children always. On the website you can chat with your friends. The problem with computers is that people don't use it. Too much, too used to writing like this. Then the kids of @MONTH1 started doing it at school when they were writing, and most of them even knew it. In addition, there are new websites where you can put personal information about yourself. This makes it easy for strangers. learn yours. In the end it's super easy for people to even search for inappropriate stuff. Everything is on the internet, and little kids will be very curious about it. They can search for inappropriate text ad images and no one will know. People can pass on inappropriate information on their own for others to see, when that information may not be available. And if parents don't know their kids are looking for something inappropriate, kids will keep doing it because they know they won't get caught. So, as you can see, computers have a very negative effect on people. It makes it easier for individuals to abuse their power. So go and limit your time on the computer.
Dear local @CAPS1, @CAPS2 How do you feel about computers? Are they good or bad? I'm a firm believer that computers suck and people spend a lot of time on them. I'd rather spend my time where I can work out; @CAPS3 isn't it? Computers are a waste of time, they keep family and friends from spending time together. Finally, computers can be very dangerous. People may be lying and you @CAPS3 don't know. In the beginning, the computer will be kept away from exercise and outdoor activities. I know if I have to choose between looking at a boring computer screen all day and going out for a run; I would choose any day for a run. Computers don't keep people healthy, so they should find something else to do. I have observed that teens spend an average of @NUM1 to @NUM2 hours a day on the computer. That's @NUM1 to @NUM2 hours where they can exercise or play outside. For example, walking the dog or playing football. You see, you can do a lot more than just get on the computer. Also, computers reduce quality time with friends and family. I know you can video chat and IM them, but @CAPS3 would you rather spend time with them face to face? Too many kids are in front of the computer that they don't know what's going on in their parents' lives. Kids can do a lot with their friends and family without using a computer. They can play board games, watch movies, and more. I guarantee they will enjoy these activities more than staring at a computer screen for @NUM5 hours. Finally, computers are extremely dangerous. People get killed because they don't know who they're talking to. Kids post pictures and posts on my space, but they don't realize that everyone can see what they say. Once they put something in there, they can't take it away. It's also dangerous because someone is applying to a school and the school can see what they submit and can deny that person to college. When I say computers are bad, I hope you agree with me. They prevent people from exercising, spending time with friends/family, and are very dangerous. In my opinion, we should get rid of computers in every home.
The importance of computers in the modern world. The current computer and the current era are the prevailing technology, and the computer of the era is a bigger calculator. The invention of the computer is a very short calculator. It's like a mother starts at your house. A lot of people have different computers that have improved faster and are of higher quality. Computers are improving their technology now, billions of people are buying computers all over the world every day, that doesn't mean the best quality, but people are fighting for a better modern inversion.
Computers, one of the everyday items we use, @CAPS1 uses. Some experts worry that people spend too much time on awesome computers! I love computers, but, as a teenager, I know how to manage your time on the computer. You can't sit there and waste time on the computer. Time wasted on your computer can be time you're outside having fun. There are so many things you can do outside! As for some examples: @CAPS1 for the ball, running around, going to the park, exploring, etc... Friends and family are fun, I have a lot of friends and I love them all! If you have free time, you should hang out with them and go to the mall! I always go to the mall with my friends and play on the computer for hours. So grab a computer and go to @CAPS1! There are some fans in the sun today.
I don't agree with what people think about computers. Likewise, they teach hand-eye coordination. But they are not good enough for people. Let's see what I have to say to these people who think computers have a positive impact on people. People are too fat! Wonder why. Because they spend a lot of time on the computer and less time exercising. Anyway @PERCENT1 of @LOCATION1 is fat. It was concluded that every year some people die from being overweight. Come to think of it, baseball players wait a year to get about @NUM1 to @MONEY1, isn't that what you want to be a millionaire? Isn't nature great when you experience it? Well, I think so because people don't think before they cut down trees. Think animals, you don't think they get enough torches every year. Computers affect people so much because people need to experience life and not sit behind a desk or in a lazy home. Myspace, facebook and all the other crazy sites on the web are not good. All over the world there are hypersexuals who love to rape children and teens like us in batchelder. Therefore, you should not interact with your friends on the Internet. You should exercise in the park with your friends and family. Also, it's best to talk to new friends in person, because as you grow, you get to know them better. Computers fail for many reasons, sometimes worse. Don't use the computer for stupid reasons. Or maybe kill yourself. It makes you feel like you won't be able to walk. Please keep this in mind.
Dear local paper people @CAPS1 many of the computers that help us are earth. Like not letting us dive, cars are made to hold things. It is also easier for everyone with a computer to learn. Then talk to someone who has a computer. We should hate a box with information in it, we should be glad we have something like that in our house. Why we don't - sometimes we don't need a car if you have a computer. Like some people have decided they can have their own business @CAPS1, so they use computers to make one. If you don't want to waste time driving to buy a T-shirt, you can buy one directly from your computer. Next, the more we drive, the more pollution in git, the more atmisphier. If we didn't have computers, the earth would get more @PERCENT1. Per year. Now do you want this to happen in the world? Finally, we don't waste gas in the car by using a computer. If the computer were taken away, people would still choose to be lazy and just drive. Learning becomes easier for everyone with a computer, just like we don't have to look up things in books. Then @CAPS1 different study programs to teach us different languages. Like a lot of people went to college for people who didn't go to college. Finally, if we have it, it can help us do our homework. I am literally my second brain, it has. Many now. Third, computer communication will become a big problem. Say you don't and you're sending a lot. The computer can help you, it can make you talk, and then you can talk to other people, like Japanese who understand English, so what is your life like @CAPS1 now for you. You can ask people questions. Or just for fun, you can play mind games with other people. Through this, I had to chat with my old friends, I miss them so much, but if the only way I could talk to them was if my parents wouldn't yell at me about the phone bill. Computers are good and bad so we know we don't do that much. Just like pollution is the air. Then we can learn quickly without books. Finally, let's talk to my old friends and convince everyone that computers aren't that bad.
Hello, my name is @PERSON1 @CAPS1 and I am going to force you to say that computers can benefit our society. First, @CAPS3 makes it easy for students to get good grades on projects and reports. Second, you can apply for jobs online. Finally, computers allow people to chat with other people. First, computers allow your kids (and students) to do better with their projects and reports. They help the kids with their reports because for example they are doing a report on "@CAPS2 lincon" and they can look up peron at home to get the information they need. Use their computer for presentations, no need to run out of your project, you can also look up information and print out pictures to make your project more dynamic and appealing to young people. @CAPS3 also allows you to enter your information to make @CAPS3 look organized and clean. So if you want to find some job applications without wasting time, just check it out on the internet. That way, you don't know if there is a job where you want to go, and you don't see it. Also @CAPS3 save your save to save the trip there. You can check the pay and regulations for the job, and you can find out if you can get a job faster. Finally, @CAPS3 allows for socializing. For example, something like facebook or/and myspace allows you to chat with friends at school or with friends you meet online. For adults without a myspace or facebook account, they can instant message using email, msn, aol, aim/aol or via chat. This way, adults can catch up on work and kids can keep in touch with friends or/and family. That's why @CAPS3 believes that computers with the Internet are good for our social projects, reports, work applications, and special interactions with family and friends.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, @DATE1, wherever you look, technology is being used and it benefits many aspects of our lives @DATE1. Many engineers strive to increase the penetration of technical equipment, while others use it for communication or relaxation. Research conducted by @ORGANIZATION2 University, Computers are the most operated machines. Computers positively contribute to our education, economy and entertainment. As I mentioned before, computers are good for our education. An example of this is the school I attended, middle school. Here we have over @NUM1 computers in use throughout the school day. These computers help students complete research papers, typing assignments, and other teacher-requested papers. By using a computer to complete a research paper, students save time browsing library books and the cost of reading books. In addition, computer teachers can organize files and enter grades online so that students can check their grades. This is beneficial given the number of weekly grades and assignments. Additionally, a computer called a "Parent Portal" allows students to stay connected to school events that otherwise wouldn't be mentioned at all. Besides education computers also touch our economy. Now, thanks to the wide variety of computer choices, one computer is affordable, starting as low as sixty dollars! This is a positive aspect of computing, as the economy has been suffering from the effects of the recession. Hence, this reason has made households start to cut back on many useful technological devices. However, there is an incentive to buy due to the drop in computer prices. Also, computers have mostly improved methods. Instead of listening to a CD player, you can download and listen while chatting with friends online. This is great for last minute plan changes, as for those without a phone, the @MONTH1 communication can negatively impact your playtime. Also, kids can use the internet to play games to get away from a hard day at school, or the tedious work of adults making the computer you watch on the couch at home and the video games you ordered from ebay. From facebook and myspace, to Gone With the Wind. Computers create a relaxing entertainment opportunity.
Dear local paper, I think computers are having a bad effect on people's lives. Instead of using your time wisely and spending time outdoors, use your computer at home to play games or chat with friends. If you're one of those people who are now prone to being overweight or taking any diabetes medication, I wouldn't easily recommend exercising or inviting friends for a walk in the park. So you can enjoy nature, talk to your buddies instead of online, and you can exercise. If you haven't noticed, you're also doing your friend a favor. Not only are you getting a decent bang for your buck in the outdoors, so is your partner. Becoming more active @MONTH1 can even bring your friendships or families closer together. You can also boost your self-esteem because you'll look in the mirror and feel good about your new, healthy body. Plus, if you're one of those people who's always depressed, lonely, or in a bad mood, this advice could be your key to solving your problem. Exercise and activities can help you gain energy like never before. If I were you, I would stop being lazy and really enjoy your life instead of wasting time being lazy and going.
The impact of computers on people is not resinous to children and others. Computers are not good for people these days because people play with it all the time and don't realize it misses the eyes there and some people get addicted to it. People use computers like crazy these days. So people think the computer is not harmful to the eyes and people can scrabble with their family and friends while they spend scrabble time on the computer. Helpful people just use this computer stuff online. People shouldn't use computers like they do because being on a computer all day messes up your eyes and that's what people don't understand. I think it should be a limitation when people use computers.
Yes, I believe computers are good for society because you can talk to other people, it helps you learn, and finally, computers are part of today's technology. First, computers have really improved from the old typewriters we once had. Computers help life today for several different reasons. With computers, they help us learn or discover things we don't know. For example, if you have an item due on @LOCATION1, chances are you don't know much about it. If you go online, you can find out a lot about it, like who and what needs @ORGANIZATION1 to fetch water, how long @LOCATION1 is, its location or anything else. Also, another reason why computers help us learn is, let's say you're going to a new job interview, but you don't know where it is or even how to get there. If you enter the address, the internet will give you directions. Even if you don't know when your favorite show is airing tonight, just type it in and the answer will be right in front of you. Second, why I think computers are really good for society is because you can talk to other people from the state, the country, or the world, or even on the street. Facebook and @CAPS1 have also been helpful since one of my best friends moved away in second grade. Just before Christmas I found her on facebook and now we chat and catch up as we haven't seen each other in years, @CAPS2 speaks to her alone. Another reason is if someone's friend or father is at war or overseas then kids and parents can talk to them using email, skype, yahoo instant messenger, just use webcam or phone @CAPS2 just type back. You can also use it for work business, chat with your colleagues or one of your employees on a webcam to see profits, stores, and more. In the end, why I think computers are really helpful to us is because technology has come a long way. For example, if you have to type something, you will have to use a typewriter, and these things are hard to use. Today you just have to go to @CAPS3 @CAPS4 and type it. @CAPS3 @CAPS4 also has a spell check feature that you can email to someone and even change fonts, colors, font size, and more. Another reason is that now with iphones or i touches, you don't have to be at home, you can take any of them out and just use the internet to do whatever you want. To find apps, look up @CAPS5 @CAPS6 @CAPS7 hours of use, or even just order a pizza, but technology has come a long way. So that's why I agree that computers help our society benefit, because you can talk to other people, it can help you learn new things that you didn't know before, and finally computers have changed a lot, they are our technology part.
Personally, I think people should spend less time on the computer and more time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. If people spend time on the computer, they don't get out of the car and get stuck on the computer and spend time going to the park or the mall. For my second opinion, people shouldn't leave their computers because they used to be so far away that they couldn't reach you. If you're on a computer, you can get a computer that says it's a free labtop, so you can take it far away: on a plane to NC, VA or Worthington @ORGANIZATION1, or to a party, Or on a road trip, or on a ferry to Long Island Sound. For my third opinion, I agree that people shouldn't leave their computers because they might be planning a trip to a faraway place or a new house, or planning an anerveriry, or a new moon moon place or a bed shaped like a heart shaped hotel. For my fourth paragraph, I agree that people shouldn't leave the computer to calculate a location other than a person's house or a location where they might be at a specific spot where that person is. For the fifth paragraph, I agree that people should not leave their computers. I'll tell you why you should plan a birthday party for the kids there, or visit someone's home in Tennessee. Or go to @CAPS2 @CAPS3 to see the basketball team, @CAPS1.S to another team they call @CAPS2 @CAPS3 Lakers us caves. My conclusion is that people shouldn't leave the computer.
Dear @CAPS1 This @MONTH1 follow, computers do a lot of things these days. You can play games, do homework, socialize, but don't you think there's anything better than that? Such as exercising, enjoying the beauty of nature, and most importantly interacting with family and friends. These are all things that computers take away from people. Once you're on the computer, you'll never want to get out of the car again. Using a computer doesn't take much work and effort, if you look at it. So if you eat and use the computer all day, you don't really burn any calories and you get fat. Computers sometimes make people feel lazy, so they spend less time exercising. It's not good for your health at all. Exercise gives you energy and is good for you. Have you ever looked out the window and saw how beautiful nature is? Do you ever wonder what you're missing when you're chatting with people and playing with online friends on your computer. Every time I use my computer, I wish I could play outdoors and enjoy nature. Trees, flowers, plants, grass and many other things make up the earth, but some people don't appreciate them. So next time you're on your computer, think about it. While you're wasting time on your computer, there's another homeless child who might be looking for their family. Do you want to be that kid without family or any friends? Many people want to live without family, but it can happen at any time. So I think instead of wasting time on the computer, it's better to interact with family and friends. Even if it's just a conversation, maybe it can show them that you really care. In conclusion, I think computers are a waste of time. I understand how people say it's for communicating with people, but at the time they didn't have computers and they communicated so we could. Computing allows you to spend less time exercising, enjoying nature, and finally interacting with family and friends. If you listen to people who use computers every day, you can't go wrong.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3 Are you? As for me, I'm fine. I am writing this letter to explain to you why you should believe that computers have a positive effect on people. The reason I am writing this letter is that people can connect with friends and family from far away, computers can help you learn more about different parts of the world, and computers can also help people learn and learn more about life. That's why I believe you should believe that computers have a positive impact on people. First of all, the reason why I believe computers have a positive impact on people is that people can connect with friends and family from far away. An example of a case that supports me is that people from all over the world have families in different places. They can't have a good connection with them. But if they go online, they can chat with their friends and family. This means that if you live in @LOCATION2 and you have a friend who lives in @LOCATION1, you and I can live in @LOCATION1 with my family and it's hard for them. But when I'm on the computer, I can chat with them and have fun. This shows that you need a computer to catch up with friends and family. This is why I believe that computers have a positive impact on people. Second, why you should believe that computers have a positive impact on people is because computers can help you learn more about different parts of the world. An example is if you don't know anything about a country or a place, you can do research on the internet and learn more about that place. This shows that having a computer is important. Another example is when I have a project or a thesis but I don't know it. I can check on the computer. By doing this, it will help me with my project or thesis. This is why I believe that computers have a positive impact on people. In the end, why I think so is that computers can help you understand and learn more about life. An example is if you don't know if something is right or wrong, you can look it up and @MONTH1 will help you. This shows that the computer can make recommendations. Another example is that a computer can let you know what to do. If you are trying the new resipie and you are not sure if @CAPS3 is successful. It will give you carelessness and direction to make the food or snack you want. That's why I believe you and all others should believe that computers have a positive impact. In conclusion, why you should believe that computers have a positive effect, because people can connect with friends and family, computers can help you understand different parts of the world, and computers can also help you understand and learn more about life. I hope you read and reread this letter and consider believing that computers have a positive effect on people. This is why you should believe that computers have a positive impact on people.
Dear @CAPS1 @ORGANIZATION2, I recently learned that this paper decided to write about computers and how they can benefit society at @LOCATION1. I am writing this letter to express my agreement with how computers can benefit society. @CAPS2 The first reason is that computers help people educate others. They allow people to learn hand-eye coordination. @CAPS2 The last reason is that computers allow you to chat with friends online. There's a lot more in store, so keep reading. @CAPS2 The first reason computers are good for society is that computers help people understand things. Starting a job with a computer is a great way to help at school because it's a faster way to get an education. For example, computers can help you study for exams with informational sites like @ORGANIZATION1. @CAPS2 The second reason computers provide a good education is that computers can help you with your homework. For example, when a major paper is due the next day, you can type on your computer. It's faster and more efficient. I remember one time I had to finalize an important paper and it was the last day of @CAPS2. Since it was the last day of @CAPS2, the first thing I did was go to the library and type, and it took me half an hour to type something that would have taken an hour to finish. Everyone heard me move on. @CAPS2 The next reason computers help society is that computers help learn hand-eye coordination. Hand-eye coordination is a must-have for people, but for those without a computer, there are many reasons. @CAPS2 The first reason is that computers are helpful for learning yoga. Yoga helps to remove stress from your heart. If you don't have time to actually go, the computer has online videos to help you use it. @CAPS2 The last reason is that computers facilitate movement. Sports is something everyone loves to play in and everyone loves it. There are videos on your computer that show you how to play sports and enjoy it as you would in real life. I will continue now. @CAPS2 The last reason computers are helpful in society is that you can chat with your friends online. @CAPS2 The first reason you can chat with friends is a site called @CAPS2-@CAPS3. Myspace is a site to chat with friends. It became very popular in chat. @CAPS2 The last reason is online dating. If you want to start dating again, you can start dating online anytime. It allows you to start a new life without leaving home. I should probably start rapping. Now that you've heard all the reasons why @CAPS2 computers are helpful to society, I should say something. Having a computer in your life is one of the most useful things you can have. You can talk to friends, learn hand-eye coordination and get an education. As you can see, computer rules. There are many other reasons, but it's just one person's opinion, who knows what other people think of them.
Dear local paper, I am writing to you to talk about the impact of computers on people. Since I have two computers and a laptop, I have to agree that everyone who likes to find stuff should own a computer. Everyone should have a computer because you can look up different things, you can use a computer to play games like checkers and play against other people, and last reason @CAPS1 you can chat with people from different states and even countries because I know everyone who likes to talk to each other. Everyone should have a computer because you can search for different things. You can search for places and people. Basically, you can search the internet for anything @CAPS3 You are on the right site. One time I wanted to go online to check @CAPS3, there was one in @LOCATION1. I go to ask.com and type "@CAPS1 there a in @LOCATION1, @LOCATION1? It says yes, then it shows a message for @CAPS2. It tells me the address , phone number and name manager. Sometimes location lookups .Everyone should have one because you can play any type of game. You can play online games checkers, solitaire or even toll free. @CAPS3 You don't have any type of game, you can always play games out there. Because I have every day Both use a computer. We were a driving game when I was six. Since I didn't have a website, I could only play checkers on the computer, but one day logged into it and played my first driving computer game. Everyone should have a computer because you can chat with people. Instead of always raising your phone bill with your phone calls and texting, why not use your computer and chat what you want instead of on your Waste of time on your phone. I know everyone loves talking and texting on your phone. Don't want to do that, just find a chat com on the internet and start chatting or blogging with your friends. Once I My phone ran out of minutes and I don't have internet. I asked my dad @CAPS3 if I could use a computer. He said yes, so I went to a local chat room on the internet. My friend had an account there, so we It's easy to talk about everything we want. I joined and we chatted until @TIME1. In conclusion, I think everyone who likes to find places, play games, and chat should have a computer.
Computers are fun technologies to use at home or at work. Some people may think that computers are a waste of time. Might not be useful either. Or the computer can't help you anyway. Others find computers helpful. People should be happy with the invention of the computer. What do you think about this? You are wasting time on the computer! That's what you hear your parents keep saying right. Well, if the kids are on the computer, they're not really wasting time because they're probably writing a paper for a class. They may be playing an educational game on the computer. Even if they don't play games or write papers. It still allows them to learn something. Some might say that computers are useless, but that's not the case. When you are writing your paper for the @CAPS1 course. You'll want a computer to help. It has a keyboard so it's faster when you type. instead of writing the words out. It also has syntax checking. That's to help you spell words correctly. That's why a computer is a useful thing. Computers don't make things faster. But they did. They can help you find information about many things on the Internet. Also, if you have to find someone for a school project. I think you'll find more about that person in the book. It's really close to making things faster. Computers can really help you. No time wasted. They are useful to everyone. They also help things go faster.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3 People already use computers to learn new things like culture. Computers impact people in positive ways @CAPS3. They have changed the way people think and see the world. Experts even say how computers can change the way they behave at home and in public. @CAPS6 also helps especially learn how to read and spell. Many people use computers to learn about different cultures. The @CAPS3 way helps society. By educating young people so that they don't make mistakes like racial ways. Computers help people learn things other than the racial ways of the past, but also help people understand their own culture. The @ORGANIZATION1 news has proven it. People say computers make citizens get lost there every day. But people not only use computers to learn they also use @CAPS6 to find different @CAPS4 different ways to eat and stretch so they don't hurt themselves, less computer diets than @PERCENT1 researched and different if they themselves were in @CAPS5 The Times once said, "Computers not only help with our fitness, they help keep us aware of our @CAPS6 With just one click, our world stays the same. @CAPS6 is less than a minute away There. So you can see that computers have not only changed society, but the world. That's how big the impact of @CAPS6 is.
Dear @LOCATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 I think computers are helpful to society though. It also creates a problem with it like people are addicted to the computer out there and will spend hours in a dark place just being on the computer, it also doesn't help the fact that there is obesity in @LOCATION2, I give You explain that, but teaching is a young person's thing anyway and can hurt them very much. Computer fans what are they? Computer junkie is someone who wakes up at @TIME1 in the morning and spends @NUM1 hours on it one question must know my brother is addicted to his laptop, he spends hours in his bedroom watching anime, a whole I don't eat anything every day. never left his room, my mom got tired of trying to drag him out of his room, she quit, after a while it got annoying, a small computer is not bad, but many are. Obesity is a growing problem and computers are not helping the fact that computers are making things worse because obese people get up to use and leave they may lose a little weight now you can order offline and have it delivered to your home Doorstep @CAPS2 @CAPS3 marketplaces like @CAPS4 @CAPS5 Dominoes @CAPS4 and @LOCATION3 Emeralds have been part of this issue stop online @CAPS3 ordering. Computers are a great way to learn things, but it's also a great way to be a junkie and a fat guy:
Dear @CAPS1, I believe that computers do have a positive effect on people. They allow you to not only talk to your friends online, but also to family members who live far away, they also allow you to do anything you can't do by hand, and even allow people to learn about places and people that are far away. First, computers have a positive impact on people. They enable you to talk to people online, not just your friends, but family members who live far away. For example, half of my family lives in @LOCATION1 and my mom uses the internet to communicate with them. Second, computers have a positive impact on people. They allow you to do jobs that cannot be done by hand. Examples include essays that must be typed and not handwritten, and school projects. Finally, computers have a positive effect on people. Computers enable people to learn about distant places and people. For example, when I first came to this country, I didn't know much about the country, so I did some research and learned a lot of great things. In short, computers have an impact on people. They allow you to not only talk to your friends online, but also to family members who live far away, they also allow you to do anything you can't do by hand, and even let people know about distant places and people
Dear @CITY1 @ORGANIZATION1, I'm a student at @ORGANIZATION2 and I've heard that some people think using a computer is fine, while others think it's a waste of time. Well, I have @NUM1 good reasons why computers are good technology. One reason is that you can book places you want to go or sights you want to see. It's a great way to use a computer because you can keep track of your route and even print a map and go hiking. (how to exercise). Another reason computers are great is chatting online. Let's say you have a family member who has been living in @LOCATION1, they have a computer, you want to talk to them, but there is a price to talk, you can send an email. It's a great way to use your computer because you can keep up to date with what's going on in your family. Another reason is learning. You can learn about many different cultures. You can learn about different people and how they live their lives and cultures. My last reason is @CAPS1. It's a great way to use a computer because you can keep up to date with the latest news, such as the hati earthquake; or hurricanes or @CAPS1 emergencies. Or if they are a storm for you. All in all, there are good ways to use a computer, and for sure people, to put some bad spectacles out of the way, but if you use it the right way, it's a great source of technology!
Some experts worry that people are spending too much time on the computer, and I'm sure they're right. Most people prefer chatting with friends online on their computer or spending hours on Facebook, but what's the point of it when there's a whole to explore, they're not enjoying nature as much as they should, they spend less time with friends and family. How should you get enough exercise if you are at the computer 24 hours a day, 7 days a week? Then that's the problem that you don't get any exersize. Some may disagree with me, but the truth is, moving your hand over the mouse doesn't count! In a recent survey, @CAPS2 stated that among kids with computer @PERCENT2, @PERCENT1 is overweight or at risk of being overweight. @CAPS2 Sad to think that technology has taken over so much that @CAPS2 is ruining people's lives. I also use the computer @CAPS1, but I'm always definitely going for a bike ride or hiking @CAPS1 with my family, because I have softball practice so I don't have access to the computer anyway. Now the @CAPS1 in us What if the beautiful things in nature are gone? The outdoors is one thing most of us take advantage of, some of us see @CAPS3 daylilies at night and new ones grow the next day. @CAPS3 might see this because they have a computer screen in front of them. Kids really should learn to balance technology with the more important things in life, like protecting nature and exercising. Yes, I know, some people will disagree and say, "But I mean Rainforest, or @LOCATION1, by being a member of this site." @CAPS2 Yes, you're really helping, but it feels so much better to do it yourself @CAPS2 . For example, you can form a group to clean up nearby streets or help plant trees in a park. The most important things in life are family and friends, and @CAPS3 technology should get in the way of that. If you lose everything, what is the one thing you will always have? Of course love family and friends! If family is so important, then why do kids enjoy playing with computers instead of family picnics? It's because technology is taking over their lives and blurring their view of the more important things life has to offer. Don't you sometimes wish you were a kid, running barefoot with your parents? If you get out of a chair you've been sitting in for three hours straight and go hiking with your family, that's probably something. I probably don't make much sense, but being face to face with family is better than instant messaging someone you just met who lives on the other side of the world! I know a lot of people reading this will disagree with me, however, I think technology is ruining some people's lives. If you think of @CAPS2 computers like @CAPS4-@CAPS5 @CAPS6, when you get the full power of @CAPS2, @CAPS2 has a candy-coated byte that @CAPS2 traps you in and won't let go. Computers are destroying lives and experts have the right to worry about people's health! We should all do more exercise and spend more time in nature, with family and friends, rather than sitting in a chair glued to a computer screen.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I @CAPS3, don't you agree that computers are good for society? Of course I will. I find my computer is socially beneficial because you can interact with others online. Its easy to find entertainment, @CAPS4 is very useful and profitable. Now you @MONTH1 don't believe that computers are "socially friendly", but I'm arguing that claim here. Now, one of the things I love about computers is that now you can easily interact with people, whether they are miles away or near you, and you can chat with them at the touch of a button. For example, my friends are notorious? Facebook account. All I have to do is go online, click on my chat box, click on their name, and click @CAPS5! talking. The better part is that you @CAPS3 don't have to share any personal details (@CAPS6 @CAPS7, phone number, etc.) to chat on Facebook. Wow isn't that easy? Did you open your @CAPS8. Scan through the channel and say "@CAPS9 items on @CAPS8?" @CAPS11, with a computer. There is always something to see. Whether @CAPS4 old one new, fake one real, live or live, computers have a lot of stuff tools/watches. You can open your @CAPS12 browser and go on to @CAPS13 (a video site) and watch their wonderful variety of fills. At least @NUM1 million videos are watched/ uploaded daily on @CAPS13 and @NUM2. In fact, "@CAPS14" watches @NUM3+ videos a day without noticing @CAPS4. If you want to stand up, you type "@CAPS15 @CAPS16! If you want to take action, you type chan. Basically, what computers and bad networks do. Now, @CAPS17 says both things, @CAPS4 Caught my attention and the computer is very helpful too. Let's say you have a very big test/report tomorrow, you can learn @CAPS4 online. You can go to google and enter your project topic and depending on your bandwidth, in a few minutes @NUM4 results in 1 second. Computers are now profitable too. You know the two guys who made Google rich? They make more money than @ORGANIZATION1 and the company @ORGANIZATION1 most commonly used computer systems . So again, computers are very useful and profitable. That's why I believe computers are good for society. Computers allow you to interact with other people and keep you entertained, very helpful and profitable. So quite frankly Say, you should believe that computers are good for society. Thanks for your time.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 I think it's a good thing people spend so much time on the computer. One reason for this is that when you type, you learn hand-eye coordination. Another reason computer time is a good time might be that it saves money on other things. The last reason is because you can do in seconds what would normally take hours on your computer. Hand-eye coordination is a very important thing: for example, you are walking down the street when a baseball comes flying towards you, and you can grab it because the trash can on your computer has been teaching you hand-eye coordination. They have many ways to get it, like sports, writing, or just playing with your thumbs, but learning to type is by far the best way because you'll be using this skill as a kid and an adult, @CAPS3 Having trouble paying for phone bills? Guess you don't need a cell phone, why not use your computer to call people sensa it's free. You also don't really need a phone because you can do anything that can be done faster on a computer. In the end, steel is harder for people, or you lose a computer like you lose a cell phone. Have you ever been frustrated when you were trying to find some information in a book? Well, if you're only using your computer, you can do a few hours of searching and then you can go outside and play games. Most of the time, my homework takes hours, but if I have a computer, I might be able to do it in minutes. So for hand-eye coordination, having issues with bills and finding it by other means takes a long time, I think people spend a lot of money, and I hope you agree.
Many people have different opinions on whether they believe computers are good for society. On the one hand I believe that computers are useful for many things. The first reason I believe this is that many schools need them to do projects for their students. Second, they have computer games to help children learn. Third, I believe this is a great way to relax. The first reason to believe that computers are good is because many kids in school need them. At school, we have many projects that may require typing or taking pictures. We wouldn't be able to do this if we didn't have a computer. Also, if we do persuasive waiting pieces. We need a computer to type it in to make it look better. A lot of people might say we can all write it out. But I believe that for some people, typing may be faster and cleaner. The second reason I think computers are good is because they have a lot of good games that help people I know have a lot of different game texts that aren't readable. Computers are good because it's a great way to relax. No one came home from get off work or was very tired. But instead of just sitting on the couch all night, go to the computer and play a fun game for a while. Many people say that watching TV and playing computer games are the same thing. However, if you play an educational game once in a while, it might be fine. But you can do something fun on your computer every now and then. All in all, I believe computers are good because a lot of kids need them for school, and secondly they have a lot of educational games. It's a great way to relax.
Members of this well-known and fascinating newspaper think the impact of people owning a computer is good or bad? Well, if you have a negative view of computers and their impact on people, I would politely disagree. I'm sure I can convince you to agree with me too. Computers are positive for many reasons. The internet and other resources are available for school, work and other issues, computers give people something to do when they have nothing to do, it allows people to talk to others online. Computers have had many huge impacts on people. Everyone has problems, do you agree? And more often than not, people don't know the answer is in their heads. Research is the key to answering the question. But who has the time to go to the library and spend hours looking for answers that take seconds to find on a computer? Not every student, employee or other person can take the time to find answers. There are so many other things to do! The internet on computers allows people to find answers quickly. This can actually improve people's knowledge, as well as their performance at work or school. You can see the positive impact of computers here. Do any of you feel bored? I'm sure you have. Everyone gets bored. Instead of sitting around doing nothing, people can continue many activities on the computer. Contrary to what some people think, this can be a good way to spend, not a waste of time. There are a variety of educational games and mind-bending puzzles on the computer. I'm sure you can see these things much better than sitting in the front. The effect is positive because your brain is challenged and your boredom disappears. In addition, hand-eye coordination can be greatly improved through activities. These are many positives about the impact of computers on people's boredom! People have friends, and it's human nature to want to stay in close contact with them. But what if a close friend moves away? You don't want to lose that friendship, do you? People can write to each other, but this can be time consuming and shows delivery and response. The positive effect of a computer is that it allows you to stay connected online with friends and family through instant messaging and email. Both are great resources for talking to others. Computers can bring friends together and keep families from going their separate ways. It is also beneficial to keep in touch with your partner or children if the couple or parents are away. These are all positive effects don't you agree? As you can see, I feel strongly that computers have a positive impact on people. It's great for research, something to do when someone is really bored, and it allows friends and family to stay connected through online communication. I strongly urge you to change your view of the impact of computers from negative to positive. Everyone can choose their opinion. But I know you will prove yourself wise and agree with me!
Dear people, newspaper people should reduce their computer time because it affects their way of life. Instead of using the computer all the time, exercise with friends and family and enjoy nature. First of all, the computer will bring a lot of fat to @LOCATION1 because it will bring laziness and make people stop exercising. If people start exercising at least around @PERCENT1 then laziness goes down. They should at least go for a walk and not use up all the electricity. approx @PERCENT2's electricity bill will also go down if you go to exercise instead of computer. Second, people need to start enjoying nature instead of being on a computer at the time. People should go green and start recycling instead of worrying about what someone said on "myspace" or "facebook". Also, if we start recycling and worrying about nature @PERCENT3 the planet will be greener. My last reason is that they should be more friendly family time rather than computer time. The computer just keeps you away from your family and friends because you worry about what's going on on the internet. People @PERCENT4 should always be away from the computer and relax with your family and friends. In my conclusion these are the reasons I serve people so they don't use the computer as often so they can relax with your friends and family, exercise and enjoy nature
Dear editor, I think people spend too much time on the computer. Because of this, people are exercising less and less, they don't spend enough time outdoors, and they don't spend as much time with family and friends. Exercise is an important part of a person's daily program. I have a friend who works out every day. She is the healthiest person I know and spends very little time on the computer. However, she knew someone who was almost the exact opposite of her. He almost never exercises and spends @NUM1 hours a day on the computer. He was also diagnosed with diabetes and was obese. These are health problems faced due to lack of exercise and too much computer time. Experts say people should get at least @NUM2 minutes of exercise a day. However, since more and more people are spending their time on the computer, this is almost impossible. Research conducted at @ORGANIZATION1 shows that @PERCENT1 children under @NUM3 are obese or at risk of obesity because they are not getting enough exercise. You don't want this number to increase do you? People also face other problems due to the excessive use of computers. People are spending less time outdoors and more time at their desks. My friend @PERSON1 spends too much time on her computer and not enough time outside. She failed a science project because she was on the computer, not outside comparing the leaves of different trees. Dr. @PERSON2 is a child physiologist and when he asked the kids if they would like to play outside or on the computer, @PERCENT2 said it was the computer. This shows that people on the computer are not only younger, but they prefer to be on the computer rather than outside. In my opinion, this number is too high. Finally, people don't spend enough time with family and friends. I mean face time, not just video chatting with your friends on Facebook. This led to tensions in the relationship. My friend @PERSON3 didn't go to her house party but stayed at home and played on the computer, next time she was ostracized for not going to the party. High @ORGANIZATION1 guidance counselor @PERSON4 says @NUM4 of @NUM5 friendships are ruined because kids don't spend enough time with their friends face to face, but on the computer. These are god reasons why less time on the computer, more time outdoors, and exercising with family and friends will make your life happier and healthier.
Dear local paper @CAPS1: @CAPS2 students are promoted to higher grades, more teachers need research papers. In my opinion @CAPS10 a computer can help me with my research paper and the content is the best. What makes students and parents happier to see @CAPS3 on their child's paper? The development of technology. There should be technological advancements as they teach hand-eye coordination, it enables people to understand distant places and people, and even allows people to talk to other people online. There should be technological advances in the first place as it teaches hand-eye coordination. A recent poll seen in TIME magazine showed that @PERCENT1 people who use computers are much more coordinated, while @CAPS2 people are less clumsy and less coordinated. @PERSON1, professional tennis player @CAPS4, "@CAPS5 I started using a computer, I've been playing tennis for a living and it was a bad choice because of my poor coordination. I always miss tennis in games. So I decided to stop. Then I started using the computer more and my coordination improved. Now I hardly miss any tennis." @CAPS6, @CAPS10 Technological advances will improve and teach hand-eye coordination. Another reason technology should advance is because it enables people to learn about distant places and people. @PERSON2 @CAPS7 Writer from @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS4, "People love to research where they go on vacation or business @CAPS5 because they want to know more." Knowing nothing about your vacation destination is like not knowing It's obviously unreasonable to have the same thing for dinner tonight. Recent research has shown that the more a person knows about their vacation destination, the more enjoyable it is. So the more vacations they go, the more profitable it is for the airline. Furthermore, understanding the different cultures of people in faraway places can give people a better understanding of the world they live in. As such, advances in @CAPS10 technology will enable understanding of faraway places and people. Additionally, advances in @CAPS10 technology will allow people to chat with other people online. @PERSON3 @CAPS8 @CAPS9 Creator of @CAPS4, "@CAPS10 Live chat program will help people communicate with each other. @CAPS9 is good for everyone. For example, it helps people reconnect with old friends. It's great for students Also very beneficial because if they forget their homework, they can log into @CAPS9 and ask their classmates.â€ A recent article found on @ORGANIZATION2 suggests that online chat programs can help people communicate with each other. @CAPS6, @CAPS10 Technological advancements will allow people to talk to other people online. In conclusion, advances in @CAPS10 technology will improve hand-eye coordination, allow people to understand distant places and people, and allow people to converse with others online. When voting on this decision, please participate and support technological advancements that will benefit everyone. thank you for your time.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1 editors, @CAPS1 my sister woke me up in the morning to go to school. She used her phone to set an alarm. Years ago, my mom would come in and tell us it was time to get up. Now, we have a small device that we carry around to do our work. Most people have cell phones these days, and it doesn't just allow people to talk to each other from two different places. Now we can play the game, let's move on. These technological advances have made us very selfish. I, on the one hand, disapprove. For starters, all these new and improved gadgets are time-consuming. With all the things to do in the world, we can all do something useful, fun, or productive. don't you agree? I mean, if you consider the idea that we can all go to the gym or study for school exams and quizzes, most teens are in much better shape physically and mentally, @CAPS2. @PERSON1, my aunt, a former physicist, said. The rate at which most students and kids are getting fatter, @CAPS3 because these new ideas involving cell phones and i-pods are totally disgusting. The more time we spend using these items, the more we oppose the idea of being active? You can clearly see how we are becoming less energetic and more careless with our time. Additionally, advancements in todayâ€™s society are pushing the boundaries of internet security. Sure, people may claim that they can block other people, but sometimes when someone posts something on the web, they don't always hide it well enough. They could have blackmailed one of your friends into a crime, right? Happened to one of my cousins @CAPS3 last year. After she was kidnapped, it took police a long time to find her because her captors hid evidence through a series of extortion attempts. You know how important it is to spend less time on these stupid computers? It sucks us into a sometimes "bloody" or "war-like" virtual world? My brother learned swearing from @CAPS5's new premium game. It's a fighting game (@CAPS6!) I implore your company to make the right decision and write to help us out of this mess and get us back on our feet. I hope you can take my advice and I appreciate your time and energy.
Dear local @CAPS1: I'm sitting on the couch thinking what I should do for the holidays. I know I definitely want to go somewhere and do the same creative writing, but my notebooks are all over the place, I don't know how to quickly contact someone who can help, and I don't know which country I'm planning to go to. I took one last look at the laptops scattered in the closet, and it looked a lot like a tornado was coming, and I found the solution on the laptop's highest shelf. First of all, I very much agree with those who think computers are useful. The three effects they have on the people who use them are awesome. Compare a person with a laptop and a person without. Laptop owner @MONTH1 is a busy business person and has to talk to many people from a distance, so they use email and @ORGANIZATION1. They travel where people can reach. However, a person without a laptop might be busy moving from place to place just to meet these people. Their schedules can be messy. Conversations via the chat system are fast and efficient. Take my story for example. My mom hates waste so we @CAPS2 drove to friends instead of me. Save money and time! Also, I happen to be a writer and often write in many notebooks every day. I've written so much over the years that my notebooks fill my room. What organizational tools can help me in this situation? Why a laptop! A laptop or computer stores a bunch and editing is a breeze. Anyone with data and writing would be crazy without a computer! A room laptop you bought, or a single computer with lots of space and backup? You tell me. Computers encourage users to be more organized! Computers are a resource for millions of pages of information, respectively. They are similar to libraries. But think about a library, and then imagine a computer. One you have to walk around looking for your information, the other, knowledge is just a click away. Some @MONTH1 think computer websites are not entirely reliable, I beg to differ. There are specific websites on your computer with the suffixes ".org" and ".gov" and even ".edu". These sites contain verified factual information and more important research resources. By using computers, I have gained more knowledge and found computers to be beneficial. They effectively make me smarter as a person. In conclusion, I strongly believe that those who use computers will only reap the positive effects, which include money/gas saving conversations through @CAPS2 and email organizations and intellectual enhancement from reading. I decided to keep my creative writing on my laptop and learned to storm in the process.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 brought to my attention that you are asking people for their opinion on the impact of computers on people. In my opinion, computers don't work very well. I think it's because the kids are on the computer instead of doing their homework, people don't exercise as often because they're always on the computer, and they don't spend much time with their family and friends, @CAPS2 is a lot of kids they do All night on the computer, never do homework. I read an article that said, "Computers are the number one problem for kids not doing homework." People are so distracted by @CAPS4 on the computer that they never do anything else. Eight in 10 kids say they sometimes don't do homework because they get distracted on the computer. I interviewed a student in @NUM1 grade and she said, "The students in @CAPS3 have almost done all their homework, but sometimes we forget on the computer. That's really the only reason we don't do @CAPS1." If the child We don't get homework done because of @CAPS1, the @CAPS4 computer isn't a great piece of electronics. But that's not the only bad thing about them. Since people are always on the computer, they don't go out to exercise. Instead, they sit at the computer and play games. I found this quote in an article I was reading "@CAPS5 I've gained weight since I started spending a lot of time on the computer because I didn't go out to work out," exercising and going out is a very important thing Things, but people can't do @CAPS1 if they're always on the computer. 9 out of 10 said @CAPS5 It's been a while since they started using their computer regularly. I interviewed a woman who said, â€œI had to take my computer off for a while because I realized that @CAPS1 was not good for me and I needed to exercise.â€ People are distracted @CAPS4 on computers that they will never go out to exercise again. @CAPS2 Still some reasons why computers aren't great. Spending time with family and friends is a very important thing, but for computer folks @CAPS1 not so much anymore. In one of the magazines I read @CAPS1 said, "People don't spend time with friends and family because they're using computers for instant messaging." Computers keep people from spending time together. Nine in 10 households said they realized they didn't spend as much time together because of the computer. Some kids I interviewed said, "I'm rarely with family or friends. I'm mostly on the computer for instant messaging." Computers are definitely not a good thing for families. That's why I don't think computers have a good effect on people. Kids are on the computer, they don't do their homework, people don't exercise often, and they don't spend much time with family or friends.
Computers are cool. Your current site is @NUM1.com. We need to time the lemt lo-menteno. I love computers. We need @NUM2 to make the computer a green computer.
As people around the world start using computers more and more, I think it has an extremely positive effect on people. Computers aren't all fun and games, they help with other things too. For example, some amazing things about computers; teaching hand-eye coordination. Giving people all over the world the opportunity to learn about places, people and cultures from far away, and lastly, another way for people to chat with friends online. Now let me explain in detail the positive impact of computers on the millions of people who use them. A computer is a great thing to have in your home today. It's not just for playing games and playing video games, it's also very helpful for the education of toddlers, teens, parents and even grandparents. You can learn a lot when you use a computer there. For example, let's say you know something about the country's society or history, or you know nothing about it. What do you do? You should log into your computer to find a reliable website, then you are learning facts about @LOCATION1 that you would never know until you logged into your computer. Computers are also a great way to practice and improve hand-eye coordination. First, you need to understand where the keys are and where they are on the keyboard. Once you have these skills, you should try looking at your computer screen. instead of working on your finger keys. Not only does this not help you with hand-eye coordination, but it can cause you to type much slower than if you were looking at a screen. Computers are truly incredible. Are you one of those people whose parents don't buy a phone because how much does it cost to use it, not even texting? Well, if you are, a computer can help you with that too! There are many ways to talk to your friends and family on your computer. For example, you can use @CAPS1 to instantly let your friends or facebook learn more about someone. compare. So convenient! So let's review what we've learned! Computers help people understand different places around the world, help with hand-eye coordination, and let you talk to your friends! I think compensation is for each family.
Dear @CAPS1, many people say that computers can have bad effects on people. I'm starting to disagree that computers have made our lives so easy. We can talk to people we haven't seen in a while, we can read/see other places we thought we'd never know; and having to hand write that book, we can type. I find these reasons that computers don't have a bad effect on people. Imagine you type your best high school friend's name on facebook and she pops up and you're online. The next day she's glad you got in touch. This is what happens when people reconnect every day, not just on Facebook, but not all over the Internet! Reconnect with friends and family, talk to the boss next door, and you can even send photos of your newborn baby to moms who live in @CAPS2. Having a computer really allows us to reconnect to these things we've lost. Everything else is very important. But if we don't know anything about other cultures, then we can immediately understand how life in other cultures uses computers. @LOCATION1 Before, people had to write everything about us word for word. Not with a computer. So don't worry about @NUM1 pages, you just enter it and with some software you can even edit your paper directly on the spot. This applies not only to schools, children, but also adults. This dissnes proposal can be done quickly and easily with a computer. Many people say that computers can have a bad effect on people. But as technology has improved, websites have become easier and given more time to do other things. The computer has no ill effects. The effect is only beneficial.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1's take on the impact of computers on people is that they help make everyday life easier. First, you can chat with people from a distance. Plus, it makes working from home easier and finding information easier too. Last but not least, when you have nothing to do, you can play games and watch videos online. One of the best things about computers is surfing the web and chatting with @CAPS1 friends. Even across the country, you can still chat with them for free! Also, if you can't get in touch with them, you can email them @CAPS2 and they'll get your message as soon as they log in. Best of all, when you forget to write down your homework, you can go online and ask one of your friends what it is. In addition to talking to people, you can do homework on your computer. All you have to do is make a word document and type it with the keys. Suffice it to say that this is much better than writing in pencil. Not to mention, the typing is neater. Also, if you're doing a report on something, all you have to do is look it up on the internet and you'll get endless information about it, all on your computer! Last but not least, you can play games on your computer. Whenever someone is bored and doing nothing, they can turn on their computer and play their favorite game. Not only is it fun, but it also teaches hand-eye coordination. Some people say they don't have the money to play games, but they don't know that there are millions of free online games that can be played by any age. It's great on boring days when you have nothing to do. All in all, what computers do to people is that they help make everyday life easier. You can chat with people at a distance and even get homework done more easily. Not to mention that it has fun games for people to play when they are bored or have nothing to do. I am a firm believer that computers can have a positive impact on people because of everything they provide that can help us. thank you.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I agree that computers have a positive effect on people. They teach hand-eye coordination, enable them to understand distant places and people, and allow people to converse with other people online. More people should see computers as a positive influence on people. Spending time on the computer is a great way to improve hand-eye coordination. It also teaches you how to type fast. Typing is an important skill required for most jobs. It is very important to have the whole school teach us how to type. We also hand-eye coordination of outfits. You have to pay close attention and move your arms and hands to strike. Computers are helpful in many ways. Have you ever wondered what it looks like or what you'll find on it? Just use a computer. Computers enable people to learn about distant places and people. You can get some photos of important cities and places, as well as some knowledge about the people there. Yes, you'll do this in social research, but it's easier and faster online. Computers save time and make your life easier. Computers are learning more and more advanced things every day. They give you the opportunity to chat with people all over the world online. For this, you need a network. They are sold at computer stores, and some are already installed into computers. Being able to talk to people online is a wonderful thing. It's a quick way to get to know that person, and maybe get to know them if they're from a different country. It's almost like the last time a pen pal is on the computer. People say that computers have a negative effect on people. They say people spend a lot of time on the computer instead of exercising. They also said they did not interact with family and friends. All these things should be. All you have to do is manage your time. Or not at the computer all day. If you do, think everyone will say the computer has a positive effect on you and is one of the last inventions created. I want to thank all readers for their time and hope you all support me and my ideas.
North @CAPS1 courier, I want to give you my take on computer usage. I am a proponent of technological progress and believe that computers have a positive impact on people, and @CAPS2 benefits people in many ways. The three most important to me are that @CAPS2 helps with hand-eye coordination, provides people with another source of retained knowledge, and finally @CAPS2 enables another way for people to communicate. Hand-eye coordination is a great skill in our society. In an exercise-centric country, as @LOCATION2, hand-eye coordination really helps. Using a computer really helps in navigating and training your hands and eyes for sports like baseball, basketball, and more. Using a computer for hand-eye coordination will really help @LOCATION2 develop some world class athletes. We also live in a country with a lot of drivers and cars on the road. We have a problem with bad drivers at @LOCATION2, so if they improve coordination, there could be fewer crashes and fatalities involving cars. Well, how do computers help with hand-eye coordination, you ask? I'll show you how to get people to use fun gaming sites like luniosity.com, a site that offers brain training games. @CAPS2 helps with hand-eye coordination, focus, memory and problem solving. They help your brain in all of these categories with cute and fun mini-games. As you can see in @LOCATION2, we need to improve hand-eye coordination, and @CAPS2 can do a lot of positive things for the country. We can improve @CAPS2 with only computers. To retain knowledge about other cultures, places, people and miscellaneous things, it is thanks to the computers that we have this information in addition to books. With the internet and a computer, you know what you want when you type a subject into a search engine like google or yahoo. People can learn all the wonderful and interesting information about things they never knew before. @CAPS2 also helps kids enjoy finding report information and. There are indeed things you can learn on the internet. You can understand or. Maybe the difference between element and compound, or even just the definition of the word success instead of @LOCATION1. You can get a lot of knowledge from computer/internet. Communication is another important part of our daily life. Most people have a home phone or a calling phone, but for those who don't, they need it as a way to communicate. On a computer, you can use instant @CAPS3 or email; @CAPS4 Twitter, or my space. Computers have provided another way for people without cell phones to communicate with others. Even if you do have a phone and someone you know is overseas. Instead of wasting money on long distances, use one of the systems you mentioned. The same is true of our military, they don't have a phone to call home, so they communicate through computers. Communication through computers is just another reason why computers are so important. So as I wrap up my letter to you, North @CAPS1 courier, I will reiterate that I do support technology because they do have a positive impact on people. The biggest positive impact is that @CAPS2 teaches hand-eye coordination to help people from other sources acquire knowledge, and finally @CAPS2 allows another way to communicate with people. I will tell you again that computers are good for society and do have a positive impact.
Dear local paper, I think the influence of computers on people is bad and should be stopped. I mean don't get me wrong computers help people, but a lot of people use it every day, some computers get viruses, and there's a lot more to do than just being on the computer. I hope to convince you of the terrible effects computers have on people. Do you know how many people use computers? Well, according to @ORGANIZATION1, over a billion people around the world use computers. The problem we face today is that too many people use computers, most of them teenagers. According to @PERSON1, teens in @PERCENT1 spend most of their time on the computer. Facebook, @ORGANIZATION2, @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 are the most common places to find teens. I will know this because I have a Facebook myself. I've been using it for almost a year and you should check out everyone who has it. My friend wanted me to buy one because she said she had one and wanted me to buy one too. So I did, and I found out that more than half of my students have Facebook. In my own words, I really think computers can be addicting, especially when you use a global account like facebook. Lots of people on the computer, stop if you have to. Also, another reason is that computers occasionally get infected with viruses. According to @CAPS3.com, the average adult is infected with about @NUM2 to @NUM3 viruses per year. My friend @PERSON2 is typing a report on his computer and his computer shuts down. Then @NUM4 seconds @CAPS4 computer says you have a virus. The next day @PERSON2 told me he didn't report because the virus wiped all his information. The virus about @PERCENT2 can cause the computer to shut down and make it difficult to restart it. Some places do virus scans, such as mcafee. and @CAPS5, but sometimes they can't get a virus. The people at @PERCENT3 say the virus was coughed up by their virus scan, their computer freezes, you can't remove the virus, you have to kill it so the computer can work. This is another reason why computers can have a bad effect on people. Also, people think that the computer is everything to them. They are wrong! Besides being on the computer, they can do a lot of activities. According to @CAPS6. Burn out that the average person between the ages of @NUM5 and @NUM6 spends more than @NUM7 hours on the computer. There are so many other options for activities like calling your friends, getting together, that's why they invent the cell phone, play sports, read books, spend @PERSON3's @CAPS7 with family! Don't spend all your time on the computer. about @PERCENT4 Teens who use computers a lot tend to go to lower colleges later in life. This is the last reason I have a bad influence on my computer. All in all, computers are badly affected by viruses, spending too much time on it and doing nothing else. I hope you can understand my point and please reply to me as soon as possible.
Dear @CAPS1, I don't think a computer is necessary. Some people think they help us learn, but I'm just saying that the same goes for books. Some people think @CAPS2 can help improve hand-eye coordination, as does playing catch. Most people think that the internet teaches people to be in faraway places and I say why not go to those places, then you will know more than what you can type on a computer. @CAPS2 It's a computer versus a book, and I'm definitely going up against the roots of the book. Good books are healthy. For me, reading on a computer is one of two things that are unhealthy and unethical! You can't read a book on a computer, and even @CAPS2 isn't as fun as flipping through the pages of a fine paperback or hardcover. I am sure you can learn a lot from a book you read, (a real book)! Do all of this while you're typing on your computer, "clickety, clickety"! , you say it's learning because you learn to type without looking, hand-eye coordination . I reject! This is not natural. Why not go out and throw balls at each other? This is a real way to demonstrate hand-eye coordination. It's a fun game, it's easy, and it also teaches hand-eye coordination. That's where you really should go when you want to go online to find a nice vacation spot. Flip a coin heads @LOCATION3 tails @LOCATION1, @CAPS2 you pick heads, stop surfing the web for info about that place! . Go there to fly and surf totally aggressive waves. Surf real waves next to artificial waves! So, as I reiterate, computers may look fine, I guess they're not all bad, but they're not my coffee. So take a moment to get away from that computer and go read a book or play a game of catch. You know what a trip to @LOCATION4 or @LOCATION2 or @LOCATION3 is like. Who knows, it will definitely be an experience.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 do you really think we shouldn't have computers or @CAPS2 do you think we shouldn't? Well, I said we should because the computer has everything you need like information, games, schools, websites, you can buy it with clothes. Others say no for some reason, why they say it's not good for you, and addiction I obviously think it's appropriate. Having a computer, it definitely helps us learn, whatever you need to learn about a computer, it has it. If you want to know about other places than where you live, you can find it on your computer. I remember one time I was looking for a word in the dictionary and they didn't, I looked it up on the computer and they had it and I thought it was great. I love the computer, it connects me with my family from afar, nothing beats that because you can talk to your family all day or anywhere. A computer has it all, any information you need can be obtained from a computer. It keeps you on your toes about what's going on in the world today. It really works for your hand-eye coordination. "Isn't @CAPS3 that great?" Some say computers are bad because people don't enjoy nature. Or people start not wanting to go out and you don't spend time with your family because you're so addicted. Some people say you don't exercise or don't exercise at all, so you're too fat, or too thin, and you're not healthy at all. But I disagree, that's why I @CAPS2 don't like to correct this side of the story. "@CAPS4 kidding." @CAPS5 You have a chance, because computers are the best, they're definitely not the worst, but after reading this you can't agree with me any more, so @CAPS5 agree or never agree . The big question is what will you choose! It wasn't a difficult decision.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 reads your paper weekly, @CAPS2 follows local events, and I was able to retrieve information on the controversy about computer impact. I personally think the computer is one of the greatest inventions of all time. @CAPS3 changed our society, if you ask me, in a very positive way. My first reason has to do with the knowledge that computers have. You can discover almost anything in the blink of an eye, such as reading a book or going to the library; it's very time-consuming. Not only does the computer take less time to get the information, but it also has a lot more information than the library can store. Computers hold just about everything imaginable, but most importantly, it's right at your fingertips. Another important feature of the computer is that it allows people NUM1 miles apart to talk freely. It might just be the greatest thing about computers. Live chat completely eliminates @CAPS4 bills and the hassle of carrying your phone with you, you can talk to your friends on the other side of the world for free, great! One problem with the computer is that it is overused by children, and while this is a serious problem, it's not the computer's fault. Kids should have no restrictions. There should be @ORGANIZATION1 for exercising and having fun on the computer and with friends This issue probably affects many people who don't like computers, but you have to understand that the amount of time a child spends on a computer is entirely up to him/her or a parent. In @CAPS5, I hope I've convinced you enough to agree with me and give the computer a chance, and I'm sure you'll be satisfied.
Dear Editor, Computers have a great influence on humans. The reason is that you can interact with the friends and family they know, the computer @MONTH1 is portable so you can still go out and finally people can research where they want to go on vacation. These reasons are how computers can have a good effect on humans. First of all, meeting people is not the only way to communicate, there are many ways on the computer. There are chat rooms where you can type with each other. Take my friend @PERSON5 who used to live in @LOCATION2 with all his friends and family until business came along. His business has been moving from @PERSON5 to @LOCATION1. Thank god he has a computer, otherwise he wouldn't be able to communicate with his friends. @PERSON5 isn't the only one being moved far from home. In fact, @PERSON4 showed @PERCENT1 that people with computers tend to talk to friends and family more often because they can do it whenever they need it. Gene, a psychiatrist, said that when someone in a family has to leave to go to work, the family will start to rely on computers to communicate. Do you want to lose friends or family? Also, @MONTH1's computer is portable. If the computer is portable, then you can see nature and still use the computer to get work done. Take my cousin @PERSON2 for example, he is a teacher who always grades his students on weekends. He was frustrated because he could never get out. So for his birthday, he got a laptop, which allowed him to do his work outside while getting some fresh air and looking at nature. @PERSON2 is one of the many lucky ones that happened to them. @PERSON6 shows that @PERCENT2 teachers buy laptops so they can see nature and breathe fresh air while they work. @PERSON1, proof that if teachers don't get fresh air at work, they can make valuable mistakes and even get sick. As a teacher, do you want to get sick without fresh air or do you want to exercise outdoors to get fit? In the end, there's so much more to do on a computer than just work and communicate with friends and family. You can research places on vacation. My aunt @PERSON3 has been dreaming of going on vacation but can't find any info on fun outdoor places. Until she got the computer. In this way, she found an interesting place and was away from the country for a week. @PERSON3 isn't the only one where this happens. In fact, @ORGANIZATION1 shows that @PERCENT3 people are reluctant to go on vacation because they don't know the country or place.
For the local newspaper, I don't think using a computer has a negative impact on people. I believe using it is an advantage. You are given technology and advantages, why not use it? They give people the opportunity to chat with people and let them make friends. Today people even watch shows on computer websites like: @CAPS1, @ORGANIZATION1 allows them to search for anything and watch it on @CAPS1. People make emails, download music, and a few other things. @NUM1, @NUM2 and even @NUM3 year olds use computers on them to play games. I have a cousin who is @NUM3 and he plays games on it all the time and he even knows how to search for stuff on the computer. Some @MONTH1 think it will negatively affect you, but it doesn't. Those who think this should be a reality. As life develops, we must strengthen. Suppose a girl doesn't have a computer and her parents think computers spoil their kids and their technology spoils kids. The girl goes to school and her friends ask her to give them her email. Every time her friends asked her about email, she made excuses and tried to avoid the topic. This time she made an excuse, but how many times she had to make excuses. Then suppose one day her friends find out that she doesn't have a computer and embarrass her in front of everyone. So, I would say that you have to look around and keep using the computer, which saves you time as well. You can just type it instead of writing it all out. You can make your writing cursive or whatever you want. After reading my letter, I hope you understand what I mean. The next time you see someone who believes that computers are affecting people negatively, speak up about the advantages of computers and how it benefits the society around you.
Even though a lot of people like to play video games and chat on the computer, most of them don't know how bad the computer is, even if I have fun on it, I know how bad it is. Here is a short example. You may experience problems with your computer, and if you use it for a long time, it may overheat and cause it to stop working. Another problem is side effects. You might get a headache from staring at the screen for too long. These headaches may get worse over time. @MONTH1 You can even have poor eyesight from the computer. Computers can also be addicting. Because of your computer addiction, @MONTH1 has become less close to family or friends, resulting in very little social life. Also, due to the addiction, it @MONTH1 affects your daily life, causing you to have to play it every day, and more than the average person. Your personality @MONTH1 will also change with your social life and everyday life. Finally, computers can be very dangerous. If your kid comes into contact with one, he @MONTH1 accidentally links heimself to a dirty or bad site. Then he gave the negatives of a computer. On the computer, your child may see text such as pornography. These are things that shouldn't be allowed on the computer. Computers are addictive, they cause problems and in my opinion are dangerous bugs that should stop. Now you think we should do something with computers.
Dear local paper, I think computers work well. I think some of that is because we get a lot of knowledge out of it, reaching out to people you don't live near and haven't seen in a while. The first reason I think computers work so well is because you can gain a lot of knowledge from them. An example is if you want to cook a @CAPS1 meal, you won't find it in a normal @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4, you have to look up the recipe on the internet. Another example is if you want to drive to @LOCATION1 but you don't have a map, how would you get directions? You can find directions to @LOCATION1 on your computer and print it out. If you don't have a map or computer, you will never be able to get to @LOCATION1. The second reason I think computers work well is because you can connect with friends or family that you haven't seen in a while. An example would be if your sister just graduated from college and you want to congratulate her, but you're NUM1 feet on a plane and you only have a laptop and luggage, you email her to say good job. These are just a few reasons why I think computers work well, and I hope the local paper agrees.
Do you want your child to be successful in life? This is why computers are valuable to everyday life. Computers help kids get more education, they can be independent without anyone telling them how to use a computer, @CAPS1 They go to college and they can take quick notes without falling behind. This is why computers are important to everyday life. Computers are important because your children will get the proper education they need. @PERCENT1 A child who uses thev internet for their students will be a notch above the best child in this or her class. Dr @PERSON1 worked on it with a computer, saying: "@CAPS1 I'm working on a subject using a computer, I'm continuing leprosy at @DATE1, and from there I'm @NUM1 @DATE1 because I'm on a computer. As you can see, the computer A valuable item used in everyday life. A computer is important to everyday life as it helps your child be more independent and learn how to use different parts of the internet. @PERCENT1 to @PERCENT2 Kids who use the internet are most likely to succeed in college , because they know which sites to go to and how to get there. There's a @PERCENT1 chance that kids who succeed in college will get higher paying jobs because they have @PERSON1, computer expectations, saying, "@CAPS2's son in @ORGANIZATION1 , @CAPS3 is smart because @CAPS3 is always on the computer looking for new facts and ideas that pop into his head. "@CAPS3 is a tough student to recruit. This is why computers are valuable to everyday life. Computers are useless because you can look up websites that can help you eat healthy food. Healthy Foods Among Adults @PERCENT3 Most likely to live to NUM2 years because their bodies are in a healthy state because they eat more fruit and drink more water to keep their bones strong @CAPS1 They fell @CAPS1 They are older. As you can see, Using the internet can be very helpful if you get used to it the right way. That's why using the internet can help you become the successful person you want to be.
Dear @MONTH1 followers, I think people spend too much time on their computers. They don't exercise that much. People sit inside all day instead of going out to enjoy nature. Families are spending less and less time with @CAPS1 people because they have computers to talk to each other. Computers have become a negative influence on people today. People need exercise to survive. It keeps us healthy. With all the fast food restaurants in vogue, people need exercise now more than ever. People don't want to exercise if there's a computer to go on. @NUM1 in @CAPS3 of @NUM2 @CAPS2 is static, everyone has their own computer at home. They say "I'd rather be on the computer than outside" (@PERSON2 @NUM3 grader, @ORGANIZATION1). Even students don't want to exercise when they can spend time on the computer. Humans only have such a long lifespan. There is beautiful nature outside. We don't like our surroundings because we'd rather be on the computer. For example, @PERSON1 would rather spend a day on the computer than enjoy the amazing nature around us. @NUM4 of @NUM2 students enjoy nature every week. A young girl around @NUM6 never felt nature until her parents let her stay for a month. She now loves nature. Because it's humming on the computer day in and day out. Family and friends are an important part of our lives. We want them to stand out in our big events. Thanks to computers, we can talk to them anytime, or email videos of our big events. But aren't they better there, @CAPS4 you're when it happens. When my grandparents in @NUM1 @CAPS5 used to come to @CAPS5 football games, but now they don't because @CAPS5 mom just recorded it for them to watch. I like it even more when they're at a football game, @CAPS4 I go on. â€œThe @CAPS5 family and @CAPS1 are what I want at @CAPS5 events, not just show them after the event. @CAPS6 is everyone wants to share their events with family. Computers arenâ€™t that great. They let Family and friends do not come to see you. The computer takes you away from the beautiful nature around us. It restricts your movement and makes you fat, which is unhealthy. I advise you to use less computer, exercise more, see family and enjoy nature.
I think the computer is because you may have arthritis in your fingers, loss of vision, and you should be out for some fresh air too. Sitting at the computer is not good. Because your fingers get arthritis. There is also a god called carpel tunnel, when you can really grab anything. My grandma has arthritis in her fingers, not from the computer, but from doing the dishes all the time. But when she does something, she complains of numbness in her fingers. So I think @CAPS2 she's doing the dishes, and I think key boredom does more damage and affects the rest of your life. My friends always tell me @CAPS2 that if my husband is in front of @CAPS1 too long I will go blind. Well, in one magesen it said "@CAPS2 you sit in front of the computer @CAPS1 too long and it will blind you. So @CAPS2 you sit in front of the computer doing facebook or something different will parshel make you blind too. Sometimes it's good to go out for some fresh air or go for a walk because @CAPS2 you'll get fat and then you'll die @CAPS2 all you do is sit in front of the computer you need to exercise every day to stay fit and healthy, that's in lieu of eating junk Food and way to drink soda. Make sure you have access to the computer @CAPS2 and you can look up other healthy things to do. I get what sometimes going to the computer is good but sitting in front of it can be very unhealthy. @NUM1 you Need to stay healthy to be alive, @CAPS2 You sit in front of it all day and it won't turn out great. That's why I don't think sitting in front of a computer all day is good.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3 Over the years computers have become faster, smaller and smarter, these advances have led to human progress as we know it, but the impact of @MONTH1 is not good for young people in the computing world graph. Some common effects of computers on people, mainly children, prevent children from playing outside, being active, computers prevent people from using their imagination, they are also a waste of time. Every day kids across America use the same old excuse, "No Mom, I'm not on Facebook, I'm doing my @CAPS4 report" when in fact they haven't even started, or they're hanging out a few hours ago now , but ask yourself. "Is this thirty years ago? No, your parents growing up at that time ran outside excitedly after completing three tasks. They couldn't wait to get on the flaming red bike. Bike to play ball with Joey. Fewer kids these days." Actively playing outside f People blame genetics for stubbornness, and it's probably the computer that sucks kids to them. Because kids never want to leave the side of their beloved computer and go outside, they're using less + less imagination. Parents tell stories of when they'll watch a new episode of their favorite show + kids nearby They will role-play + act out during the week. But have you seen every single day this generation has not. Nobody or imagined anything new about it to make it more fun with friends they only got into the wii five minutes later to play a smashing balloon game. The computer is just all your time The average kid will spend four hours at the computer just walking around aimlessly. Wasting time they could improve homework or walking the dog isn't donating to a good source. Most of the time it has no effect. They say computers are the current generation, but that means the current generation must be lazy, unimaginative, and don't care what their time is spent on. Most people would say no, we're not, but you let a nine-year-old play on the computer, or, oh, say it! You ignorantly think they're going to hang out. People want to move forward, but can't we compromise?
Dear @CAPS1, I remember my parents bought myself two laptops when I was a kid. Internet usage is always available, and online chat is interactive. It's very exciting for them. On the other hand, I have to sit at home and watch them have fun. I can't go out and hang out with my friends because I'm stuck inside because they like computers. I feel strongly that computers do not seem to be good for society. People are using the internet more than exercising, no one can enjoy the beauty of nature, and there is less interaction with family and friends. When computers were still being used and bought, there were a lot of loopholes. Our society is going downhill from here. People don't need to sit at home and breathe reused air while using a computer. Health generalist prof @PERSON3 said in the @ORGANIZATION2 news that @PERCENT1 of everyone around @LOCATION1 would rather use their computer at home to do nothing than go out and/or do some kind of exercise. Can you imagine all those unhealthy people worrying about nothing but their computers? The only thing computers do for us these days is give up our free time. @CAPS2 waist @PERCENT2 has free time on their computer. If technology reduces the new games people play and the websites people use, people are likely to get out of the house and do something healthy for themselves. @PERSON1, owner of @ORGANIZATION1, said: "I've never seen so many people using computers and the internet in my life. Over a billion @CAPS2 are online on a typical weekend." @PERSON1 later mentioned "how much time they spend It's a little frustrating to be on the computer, not outside enjoying nature." Not only is exercise time wasted, but so is our once "beautiful" nature. A lot of kids are watching @CAPS3 these days, they see an ad for a computer game there, their parents buy them a game, and all of a sudden they love @NUM1. Since adults aren't admiring these kids to convince them to run around outside and do something healthy. Children need to step up to change! Did you know that global warming is caused by the smallest density in the air? Our world wouldn't flow well if we had few kids or adults running around outside. So our budgets are low and pollution is very high; our nature is changing from beautiful to less. @PERSON2, a government official surveyed @NUM2 people from every state how much time they spend each week enjoying and being part of nature. The survey revealed that one in every @NUM3 person breathes beautifully for at least @NUM4 minutes in a week. I mean come on; it's pathetic. Maybe global warming wouldn't be necessary if we excluded computers and technology for a while. I remember when I was about @NUM4, I never saw the rest of my family except my siblings. So sad because I'm always told I have a big family that we know very well in town, but I don't know who they are! It's all because technology was invented. I never relax outside except when getting on and off the bus to school. My parents made me stand in my house while using the computer. I just found out what "acting" is the other day because my mom's computer brakes, and now I'm introduced to another family member of mine and free to go out. Since my mom's computer brakes, she's had a lot of free time with me. Technology ruined my childhood as a kid, without it you can understand the real importance of life. Do you want to become obese, such as through global warming, and/or not interact with your family or the outside world? Sadly, @PERCENT3 in these reasoning is caused by overuse of technology and computers. Let's get rid of it all! Thanks for your time @CAPS1!
Dear local paper, Computers are very important to some people. Everyone uses them or has used them before. Having a computer is also good because you can still exercise and be able to do the things you do every day. Suppose you need to look up something, and the thing you always look for information is a computer. People in schools, industry and homes use it all the time. Teenagers usually talk to friends or play games on the computer, and I know I do. This way they won't be bored and wasting time all day. Exercising and being active are really helpful for teens, but even when they do, they don't push the computer away. It's always there when they're not doing their homework or finishing running around with friends. I can't imagine what my life would be like coming home from football practice and finishing my homework and computer or @CAPS1 is one of the first places I go so I can sit back and relax. Computers should be called our friends. They won't hurt us. They just give us what we need and want. Research is a good example because everyone uses computers to find whatever people are looking for. If they complete the re-investigation, they can have a little fun with the game and friends. But I believe the main purpose of computers is information. Whenever I get home from school, I finish my homework and do some stretches for the cheerleaders, then @CAPS1 or keep using the computer so I don't get bored. It's not that I'm not active because I'm not exercising or exercising. Just because I have nothing to do, why not let my time be taken up? Everyone does this, so I'm not the only one. Yes, a computer is just a square box with a keyboard, but if you don't push it out of people's daily lives, you'll find that they're not what you say they are, they don't corrode people's brains or anything. The reason they are in the office, living room, or bedroom is because people love them and use them according to their needs.
Dear newspaper, does @CAPS5 need to write a report while @CAPS1 does @CAPS5? Or talking to a business partner, friend or family member? @CAPS3 computers help us do all of this. Electronic miracles improve everyday life. However, some people refuse to accept that computers are now a part of everyday life. Computers help us communicate, study different topics, and do simple and fun things. Computers make communication easy. Things like "@CAPS2" and "facebook" let us talk to each other. Some @MONTH1 contests "@CAPS3, use the phone or go out." @CAPS1 If they travel, or live thousands of miles away? With a computer, everything becomes easier. Computers allow us to research topics required for @CAPS5 courses or work. "@CAPS5 has tons of detail available from thousands of sites. Skeptics might ask "@CAPS6 don't go to the library. "Some of us may prefer to stay at home. Another reason, maybe it's snowing, or the library is closed. @CAPS1 Forever reason, computers make research fast and easy. Computers satisfy us too There is a huge need to entertain ourselves. Gaming sites like "facebook" have become very popular. They can provide us with emotional release from our daily lives. An important argument might be "@CAPS6 out? "The weather can be bad and you're sick. Computers are fun, educational and communication wonders. Should find in computers and @CAPS1 what they can do for there.
Dear newspaper, I think the computer has a positive impact on society because it provides a lot of information, it has a lot of fun games and music, it tells you about the problems of the world and the community. I think the number one reason why computers have a positive impact on society is that it gives you a lot of information. If you need to do projects and research, what better way to do it than on a computer. You can search @LOCATION1 for everything from presidents, celebrities, and world changers. You can also check out @CAPS5 to study different kinds of plants and animals and you can find interesting experiments to do. The second reason I think computers have a positive impact on society is because it has a lot of fun games and music. You can visit the @CAPS1 channel website to stream many different games from your favorite TV shows. They also have learning games about test prep fun that you can play to help you do well on @ORGANIZATION2, like understanding the clinic. The computer also has a lot of music you can listen to. You can listen to @ORGANIZATION1's album. I'm @PERSON1 before you @CAPS2 it, or @PERSON2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @CAPS5 @CAPS6 @CAPS7 before buying @NUM1 songs. Final; I think the reason computers have a positive impact on society is because it can give you information about the world's problems. You can search your computer for @CAPS5 natural disasters like the @CAPS8 earthquake, the @CAPS9 earthquake, or the tsunami that @MONTH1 hit @LOCATION2. You can search for @CAPS5 @CAPS10 @PERSON3 and get information. You can search for your favorite artists to see what their albums will look like, or you can search the community for @CAPS5 issues. That's why I think computers have a positive impact on society, because it provides information, it has a lot of games and music, it talks about important issues.
Dear @CAPS1, I think computers are good for our society, for example, computers are very helpful to everyone. Computers also run faster now. They can teach us new things. I'm not saying computers don't have flaws, but computers have flaws too. Computers are very useful in many ways. They help people find missing family members and they help police find many criminals. Have you lost family members, or haven't spoken to them in years, and always wanted to find them and be with them again? Well, that's what computers are for. Also, have you ever cared about the many criminals on the street and wished to remove them from the streets and jails, but there is no way to do so? Computer help. Have you noticed that computers are helping many women be alert these days? Computer people, but they help with fast travel, say you hear about a hurricane or a tornado and you need to find out why. All you have to do is check it out on your computer. Also, there is an earthquake in @LOCATION1 and there is no information to help you. You just need to find all the information you need on your computer. Computers have many things to them. Computers teach you a lot, like hand-eye coordination. Come to think of it, you might do this on a computer, but it helps. If you're using a computer yourself, you'll start to see that you're typing fast and understand where all the letters are now on the keyboard, and then when you see your first computer. Computers not only teach you hand-eye coordination, but also teach you many wonderful things. Such as @CAPS2 waterfalls, rainforests, etc. Now, don't get me wrong, @CAPS3 is not saying that computers won't go down and people won't take advantage of computers. But, I mean they help society a lot. They travel news fatter. They also teach a lot of people. So consider my opinion. Think about how much a computer does for you.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I'm an @ORGANIZATION1 and I believe that computers have a positive impact on people because computers help promote hand-eye coordination. @CAPS5 In fact, computers can also help people learn about distant places and people without leaving home. @CAPS6 computers also allow people to talk to each other via @CAPS3. What would we do without a computer! The number one reason I think computers are good things is hand-eye coordination. According to @PERSON1 of @ORGANIZATION3 of eyes @CAPS4, you have to pay attention to what keys you are using when typing, your brain will make a connection with your hands for better eye-hand coordination,â€ @CAPS5 In fact, Millions of @LOCATION1 are in car acid for a year and @PERCENT1 because vehicle drivers have to look down at the whey to keep the car. On that road it's because they don't have eye coordination, @CAPS6 me Think computers are reducing acid every year in everyone in the world. Second, computers can teleport someone in the head to a distant person and/or person. @ORGANIZATION2 shows that of those surveyed, @PERCENT2 in @ Information is found faster on CAPS3 than in @CAPS7. In fact, kids of any age can use a computer to find the specific information they need in seconds. @CAPS6 I observed that kids know how to use @CAPS3 but Not a dictionary or an encyclopedia, @CAPS6 has the fact that people can connect and talk to people via @CAPS3, which allows you to connect with long-lost friends. @CAPS5 The fact that you can talk to topics @CAPS5 @CAPS6. Fact , you can reach people on the other side of the world just by using @CAPS3. @CAPS9 It's so cool to read this letter and share it with your company, I believe you should support my cause. This is the @CAPS4 computer Improving hand-eye coordination, connecting people to other people and places, @CAPS6 allows people to converse via @CAPS3.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS1, Computers have propelled our world into the future where almost everything is just a click away. Experts marvel that over the years, computers have helped billions of people do their jobs more smoothly and smoothly than ever before. Technology helps doctors find new treatments for patients and diagnose their diseases in more advanced ways. Thousands of occupations require unlimited Internet knowledge, and computing continues to advance and redefine the way we live. Additionally, children of all ages can benefit from modern computers. As technology has become more user-friendly, kids have gotten used to computers giving them the answers to all their questions. As a student of @ORGANIZATION1, I find that computers are essential in my daily work. Papers are now typed instead of handwritten, and projects are displayed on flash drives instead of poster boards. These advancements shape our lives and make everything easier. Also, foreign places become closer to home when computers allow you to virtually visit hundreds of different countries. With modern technology, the world has become more connected and united. Besides students, doctors also benefit greatly from computers. Technology has dramatically reshaped the world of medicine through X-rays, @CAPS2, surgery and medicine. Amazingly, computers have allowed doctors and nurses to see patients in a whole new way. Hospitals organize all records digitally to help provide patients with the right treatment. @PERSON1, the lead surgeon at @ORGANIZATION2 said, "@CAPS3 technology, our @ORGANIZATION2 will be useless. We will be powerless." @CAPS4 @PERSON1 Well said, he made a very important point. Computers are the cornerstone of our medical world. Scientific research shows that the Internet is bringing people closer than ever before. Families separated by thousands of miles can now email, chat and even video chat with their distant relatives. Email in particular has played a huge role in our society, helping millions of people communicate when they need it. In fact, more than NUM1 million jobs rely on email to communicate important business information. @CAPS3 With the help of technology, our economy will grow rapidly without the existence of communication nations. Computers are essential to our culture. I strongly urge you to consider my views on the benefits of modern technology and consider all the people computers have helped. Thanks to the help of today's technology, our culture is now bigger, better, faster and stronger. Knowing this, I strongly recommend that you educate others to benefit from technology and play your part in advancing the way we live.
Dear local paper, I feel that people who use computers are good for our society. I have this feeling because computers enable people to learn about distant places: people have educational websites, and even allow people to chat with other people online. First, computers enable people to learn about distant places and people. When I was in 6th grade I had to do a project on @ORGANIZATION1 and I didn't know anything about him. But luckily we have computers, so I was able to @ORGANIZATION2 on the computer, find material or information about him, and got bonus points for the project. Also, when I was in 4th grade, I had to do a project on @LOCATION1. I continued @CAPS1.com on my computer for a lot of info and bonus points. The second reason computers are good for society is because computers have educational websites. Computer technologist @PERSON1 said: "@CAPS2 % of computer sites are educational. I remember my whole class in 7th grade on @CAPS3.com, being able to learn math and have fun at the same time. Last but not least Importantly, computers allow people to talk to other people from all over the world. There is a site called myspace.com that allows me to talk to other people online all over the world. I asked my class and 90% of them continued myspace.com. On the other hand, computers do have their downsides. Some kids visit unbanned sites that aren't suitable for minors. There's a site called @NUM1.com that has shooting and killing games that aren't kid friendly Also, some people are computer addicts, they stay on the computer almost 24/7. Now, you know my reasons, why computers are good for society, they enable people to learn about distant places and people, have educational websites , and even allow people to talk to other people online. What are your choices in these actions.
Dear local paper, I saw this letter about computer technology and how it affects people's lives. I think computers are a great way to learn. It's a new way to learn and do other things in a fun way. My opinion is when you have to do tests, quizzes or anything that can get boring. I like to learn in a fun way, this will come to my mind and I hope when it will allow me to learn a lot from the computer while at home. My mom and dad think I spend a lot of time @CAPS1 I do that sometimes, but half of my time is studying for exams. Now the time I want to talk about is when to study spiritually. Physical stress or everything you can learn differently and just log into this and have to choose them. Lastly, family and friends. Family and friends are important sites like @CAPS2, facebook, aim and @CAPS3 which is not cool. That's the beauty of computers and technology, allowing you to do a lot with just your device. Thank you for giving me the opportunity to express my opinion and my thoughts. I hope you will consider my letter.
Dear @LOCATION1 Newspapers, I've heard about whether this debate on weather computers is good for people. I am sending you this message to illustrate my take on this matter, in my opinion, I think computers have a very good influence on people. Not only does it have a great impact on people, but it also impacts companies, localities and governments. There are many reasons why it affects people well, but probably the first and most important is that it is an amazing learning tool. When people are on the internet, they can learn anything they want from the vast amount of information we call the internet. Not only that, but people also learn how to do things through simulators, from flying a plane to driving a car. There is more learning on the internet because a lot of people are educated at home via the internet and this @MONTH1 is a big part of their education because they may not be able to go to school because they are always on the road or they move a lot no matter what they What is the reason. Computers are an important part of people's educational progress. People can use computers not only in education, but also as a tool in many ways, say you make a movie and need special effects for a photo store they will use, or you need to collect and store changing information like You can place the stack you want on your computer anytime or down. Even if you are a construction worker, you can draw blueprints with precision. Another less important thing about computers is that it provides entertainment to many people. Let you go home and play a video game bored and look around online, which is also a great way to get their music and/or videos. It also affects a lot of businesses, and if businesses go bankrupt because people don't move things, a lot of jobs are lost, which is the last thing we need. Governments are also highly dependent on the Internet. They need it to make plans, save soldiers, and communicate with other nations. Last but not least, we have the health and welfare of the people who use computers. All I can say is that it was their decision. If they get off, they can, if they win, sit there and waste or
Dear local paper, everyone is asking the question are computers good for society? I'm sure the computer won't because if you're always on the computer you can't exercise and @CAPS2 it's hard to enjoy nature. Another reason commuters don't benefit society is that you're not interacting with friends and family. Hope I encourage you to stop using your computer a lot and play with your family. How would you exercise if you were always on the computer? @CAPS2 proves that more than half of @CAPS1 in the US are overweight. Exercising is more important than using the computer, and knowing you can do something you know better, wouldn't you do @CAPS2? Interacting with people is important because you can meet new people, if you don't then you might learn to be shy and not make as many friends as you like @CAPS2's real taht oyu can make new friends through computer but @CAPS2's not some people who meet them in person. Also, if you do make "friends" over the internet, you don't know if they're a stalker or a murderer. I urge you to go out and meet new people, not on the internet. Wouldn't you do @CAPS2 knowing that you're better off using the computer and with the people you like? Yes, you can play games on your computer, but @CAPS2 is better if you play @CAPS2 with your family. To answer the question everyone is asking, I believe that computers will not benefit society at all, and I hope I encourage you to believe that too.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2, you think our technological progress is bad for our society, you must have misunderstood that computers have a positive impact on people in our community because it allows us to have good hand-eye coordination and allows us to have Ability to seek and find information to study. It also allows people to communicate with others online. Hand-eye coordination is an important thing that helps us every day. New technologies like @CAPS2 computers can help us master this skill and we should use it. @PERSON1 of @ORGANIZATION1 said: "Computers really help us a lot; almost @PERCENT1 active computer users do improve their hand-eye coordination by using a computer for a short period of time every day." @CAPS3 and education are essential, especially It's now; the more you learn, the higher your salary. With this new technology, you can earn your degree and study in a short period of time. My aunt found her @CAPS4 online about six months ago, and her work got a boost because of that. Getting valuable @CAPS3 online is not only for adults but also for kids. @CAPS2 They have a report on @CAPS5 or need some homework help, these new technologies are one of the most efficient and fastest ways to learn and find information. @PERSON2, a doctor specializing in @CAPS6 mood/feeling said last month in @CAPS6 @CAPS7 @CAPS8, "In this new millennium, pre-teens and teens just love the new advances in technology, @CAPS2 we hope they Learn, and then we can use this tool and let them use it.â€ Computers are also a quick, easy way to communicate. I have an uncle who lives in @LOCATION1 and we rarely see each other due to the distance, so we communicate with each other via social network or email. Unlike expensive long distance calls, it's even free. Communication is also great for business. Companies can contact their clients to reschedule appointments, provide receipts, advertisers, and many other things. Computers are essential and efficient technologies used by people across the country and around the world. They improve hand-eye coordination, give people access to @CAPS3 and education, and give people the opportunity to communicate with others. This is another great and useful step for our communities around the world.
There are many reasons why computers are a good thing for the world. They allow us to learn about far-flung places without ever leaving our homes. Another reason computers are so important is that if our family lives in another country or another state, or even if they are your neighbors, we don't even have to travel to talk to them. Finally, they teach us hand-eye coordination, a much-needed skill to help you through life. The wonderful thing about computers is that we can learn about distant places without leaving the comfort of our homes. All the people @MONTH1 from different countries will question where they come from. They @MONTH1 also want to know how other countries are doing so well with government wise and even economy (stocks). All of this is possible and much faster than watching the news or the weather channel. Computers allow us to search the web and arm ourselves with knowledge. The wonderful thing about computers is their speed. You might be waiting for a stock update on a news channel and then waiting ten or even twenty minutes. But if you use a computer and you use the internet, it makes your life easier and you can look up certain knowledge faster, you can cook dinner faster, or even take a walk outside and breathe the cool air Ice cold air. Radio and TV stations can also be a bit more accurate. Maybe in a minute, you might be wondering about a suicide bombing, or the stock might be up a hundred points or down a hundred points. This is valuable information that people want to be 100% accurate. Second, you can keep in touch with your family even if they live in different countries or states. Using a webcam that can be attached to or embedded in some computers, you can talk to them. My grandma was hospitalized once and I couldn't see her since I was a child. Since the invention of webcam technology, I've been able to see her on screen, not in real life, but at least I've been able to see if she's doing okay. Webcams are also a way in the discussion. Say you're joking with your friend and she says something you think is rude, but you can't say she's sarcastic that you might get into a fight. If you have a webcam, you can talk to each other on the computer to see if she is being sarcastic. Technology @MONTH1 is one of the greatest inventions and @MONTH1 is the best invention ever. The last important thing you need to know about computers is that they teach you hand-eye coordination. Hand-eye coordination is an important skill. This is an important skill because it allows you to succeed in life, such as having to write. This skill is also important if your job involves computers, because you need to know how to type and move your fingers fast if you want to succeed in this high-paying job. This skill also contributes to a wide range of other successful jobs in the world. In the long run, computers are great machines that make life easier and more fun in acquiring knowledge. If you don't have a good hand-eye connection, you should get a computer because it will help a lot. However, if you have a computer, you must update it regularly so your computer doesn't slow down and start crashing. In conclusion, the computer is by far the best thing that has ever brought humans into the world. It allows you to do things like news and how the world is doing on a global scale and how the economy is doing on a global scale. It also allows you to keep in touch with your family, no matter how far you live or what country you live in. Finally, computers teach you the important skill of hand-eye connection. Everyone in the world should be able to own a computer so they can acquire the knowledge they need to be successful in life.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3 people are too dependent on technology these days. Wherever you go, you usually see someone calling, texting, on a computer or plugging in an iPod. These people are not bad, but they are under the control of technology. For example, computers are seen by most people as fast, simple and fun, but they also pose a problem. While it may seem like everyone has a computer, not everyone has one. People also become so dependent on such matches that they become addicted. @MONTH1's computers seem to work at @PERCENT1's time as well, but they can also be very unreliable. Just in the back of your mind, how do you know @CAPS3 people use @CAPS4 or @CAPS5? A lot I'm sure. Now multiply that number by everyone they know, and so on. This number shows that @CAPS6, over @NUM1 million people use these. Now, if you message a friend of one of these programs (there are @NUM1 million+ people), what are the chances that the server will be @PERCENT1 reliable and your friend will receive the information he needs? I mean, what if your friend needs help with something important and you can't reach him because of a system failure? What Happens You may spend an hour longer than you should on your bike ride home from the hospital. Another question is what if you need a computer and you specifically need him/her? If they do, you've done it in @NUM3 minutes, but how else can you reach them? You can try calling, but what if they're outside playing with his/her dog? These days, if you're really grateful for something, you can type a virtual thank you card into Google. If the person gets it then they'll be happy, but maybe even more so if in the mail they get a real handcrafted thank you card. The last reason I think computers hurt us more than they help is addiction. Like I said in the first paragraph, wherever you go, you're going to see someone hooked up to an electronic device. People stop hanging out with the Cowboys and @CAPS7 because now all they have to do is play. I admit I also use my computer a lot, but at least I budget my time so I can hang out for a while too. Obeisity also stems from overuse of electronics and other products from @CAPS3.
Dear @CAPS1 of @ORGANIZATION2, @CAPS2 You know this computer has been around since @DATE1. Since then, many people's lives have changed for the better. Computers really help the elderly a lot. When they need to pay their bills, they just log in, pay and move on. Another thing is, if they need to write a letter, but their handwriting is no longer as polished, they can type, print and finish. This way, the person who receives the letter can read the letter. Computers are a fad that will never die. Dr @PERSON2 of @ORGANIZATION1 in @PERSON1 said: "The kids I work with use computers every day to develop their hand-eye skills since they've improved it @PERCENT1." Company from @ORGANIZATION3, @NUM2 @NUM1 of people agree that everyone should have a computer. Computers help you with your projects, and I think everyone should have one too. Have you ever sat at home doing nothing? So why don't you go out and buy a computer to play with? Computers can help you do all kinds of things. If you like to play video games. Then you will fall in love with one of these machines. They have all types of gaming systems, only for computers. They also have a website where you can keep playing. I'm sure most of you enjoy playing games, so why not give it a try. If you're worried about money, a basic computer isn't so much. So go out and buy one. There are a lot of people in college now, and most of them have computers. They make research easier and faster to find. Would you rather be ready, hop in your car, drive to the library, find a book, stand in line, look at it, or turn on your computer, search for what you're looking for and be done? You make that decision. When college students are often stressed, they can turn on the music on the computer to calm them down. Computers have changed the world in a wonderful way, and they continue to do so. You should buy a computer today.
I believe that computer technology has a positive impact on people. I think it's because it can teach you how to type faster, understand faraway places, and talk to people online. Here are some reasons. My first reason is because computers can teach you how to type faster. For example, in order to use your fast writing, you can get a good job/career and have a future in your life. Another example is because you can type email faster without typing slowly. One final example, you can improve your typing skills and become a better typist. My second reason is because you can learn about distant places. For example, you can learn about other countries and how it differs from ours and how they are similar. Another example, you can use it for projects, get all the information and prepare for a great project. As a final example, you can learn something from the computer every day, such as news, weather, etc. My third reason is because computers allow you to communicate with other people. For example, you can talk to your friends and family to see how they're doing and see how they're doing. Another example is when you're bored, you can always talk to someone on your computer and have fun with it. As a final example, you can chat with your friends and plan when to hang out and get some fresh air so you don't have to stay at home all day. That's why I think computer technology is a good idea, because it can teach you how to type faster, understand faraway places, and allow you to talk to people online. I hope you agree with me and should consider computer technology an everyday good idea for a number of reasons.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 has come a long way technically. Computers and other gadgets help us go further. But a computer is a gadget that doesn't benefit society. The reason I do this is that when you use your computer, you can be cyberbullied. My next reason is that when you stay too long, you miss out on being with your family. The final reason computers don't benefit society is that spellcheck on @CAPS3 checks spelling, punctuation, and grammar as you type on a computer, so you don't learn from your mistakes. These reasons support my claim that computers do not really benefit society. First of all, the number one reason I say computers are not benefiting society is that you may be subject to cyberbullying. For example, someone goes home to check their email. They receive threatening emails. They are afraid of what they do. Computer-induced cyberbullying is the easiest way to bully others. You don't have to do anything other than type a message to make them feel bad. All you really need to do is find out someone's email. Cyberbullying can also be anyone. Someone you know or someone you don't know. Computers are not helping society by inducing more crime. Next my reasoning is that if you stay too long, you miss out on life. Between checking email accounts and updating @CAPS4, the average person @PERCENT1 spends their time on the computer. People who spend so much time on the computer miss something. My sister always comes out and asks questions in the middle of the conversation as she follows and updates @CAPS4 while @CAPS2 talks. People miss some things when they use computers. In the end, when you type an article or something, you don't learn anything about grammar or spelling because spellcheck checks it for you. Most teens in @LOCATION1 do not use proper grammar or spelling when texting. So they can write an essay in the language of the text, select what they mean from the spell check as students type on it, and move on. This is not acceptable because students must learn correct grammar and spelling. This lowers the level of students' thinking above reading and clicking on the awning. If computers did everything for us, @CAPS2 would soon be a mindless slug. In conclusion, I don't think computers benefit society. Computer-induced cyberbullying. As you type, spell check corrects your mistakes so you don't study on a computer and people miss something. For all these reasons and more, computers are not helping society. Computers should be used sparingly.
Dear local paper, I think the use of computers has had a bad effect on modern society. When people talk to each other via text or email, there is no emotional feeling. You're blind because you can't see the person on the other side of the screen, @CAPS1 you know it's that person's username. It's actually the same as using camouflage. Not just computer dads for your health. It becomes a threat to its users. Do you really want to use something that is harmful to your health and privacy? Statistics show that teens in @PERCENT1 access/use the internet more than 3 times a week. Statistics also show that over half of teens in @CAPS2.SA spend more than @NUM1 hours, some even @NUM2 hours, on the computer! This has become the world's addiction. My friend hardly uses a computer and always plays outside. When his sister showed him @CAPS3, @CAPS4, myspace, @CAPS5, etc. he would hold on for hours, after a month, things didn't get better, day after day he started going out less and less and I I started to hate him. Statistics show that people who overuse computers tend to have lower grades. People get mixed into these machines, they become sociopathic, don't do their homework, may fail and get their grades back. The computer is the same as watching TV, of course! They teach hand-eye coordination, but at the same time their brains are turning into Swiss cheese. I believe the computer is the best idea since pouring gasoline on pancakes.
Dear local paper, I think computers are good for our society. Computers have a positive effect on people. They teach people about hand-eye coordination, and around the world. Computers are also great for talking online with family and friends. Computers teach people hand-eye coordination. They help people become familiar with looking at the screen and typing letters to form words. Computers are great for students like me who play the piano. It helps you see your music and lets your finger know where it's playing. Computers are helpful for pianos because they all involve you looking at a screen or music. Although your fingers know what to do. So I think computers can help children and teens have better hand-eye coordination. Computers are also very helpful for everyone as it is great for researching facts or even just looking for a place to go on vacation. Suppose you just got home from school and your teacher asked you to write a two-page essay on @CAPS1 @CAPS2. You won't be able to do this from memory, you need facts. So you should go to the library, but no one can take you. Well, if you have a computer, this is a great way to research school topics. You don't have to leave the house, you can even wear your pajamas. The computer gives you the information you need. Or, if you're planning a @LOCATION1 vacation but don't know where to stay, the internet will get you there and provide you with great options. Another thing computers are good at is talking. How to say, you can AIM online. You can have a conversation with all your friends and family. This year my brother, my closest cousin, went to college. Now I only see them twice a year and it's pretty quiet without them, especially in my house. If I want to talk to my brother, that's great, like he's at my house again. He sent me pictures of his college, friends and any interesting places he went. So, without a computer, I would almost never see my brother or talk to him. Please consider my opinion, local paper, that computers are good for society. They have a positive impact on people in the community and the world. Computers teach teens and kids excellent hand-eye coordination and help people like me play the piano more fluently and accurately. Computers are also great for finding facts for schools when the library is unavailable. The internet has also brought me closer to my brother, who is in college, because we can chat and send pictures to each other. So please consider my opinion. thank you.
Dear newspaper, I am writing this article to explain to you how more people in our society will benefit from using computers and you can do manual work in less time. You can interact and make more friends via chat or web chat. Don't forget it's more fun. That's what computers are made for. To help us with our tasks or for our personal use. How do computers help us work? Say you're in a business meeting and you have to write a five-page report with pictures and diagrams. Doing it manually takes twice as long as using a computer. Using a computer, you can type your work, which makes it neater and more professional looking, and you can copy and paste images you can @CAPS1 on the internet. Using graphing software, you can easily plug in the collected data and the computer does the rest. If you have to do this manually, you have to write very neat @CAPS1 pictures in a newspaper or mabe, or even draw them. Then you have to make the diagram by hand, making sure not to screw it up. It is double the difficulty of using a computer to complete a simple task. What if you want to chat with friends? Using a computer, you can easily talk to your friends, like you have to write a letter or talk on the phone with your computer, you can chat with people who have text, and you can even see them on your computer screen. Instead of just hearing voices or waiting two or three days to talk to them. If you have a laptop, you can talk to them every time they go or you go. It's a very nice thing to be able to talk to people who are at your convenience without having to leave your home. The benefits are major, there is no cost to chat. If you have a friend or relative who lives far away, you can easily chat and conduct video conferences. What about entertainment? Computers are also very valuable! But we can have fun and we can play games or watch videos for convenience. They don't cost much to download at all and can be played with friends in web chat or by themselves. Videos that you can watch all the time, without interruptions by ads, and you can pause the video. This is more efficient and they care about me is very convenient for ordinary people. Playing games is as good as you've ever been, don't play games or again. In conclusion, I think people will use the computer more because it's easier to use. We can communicate with each other. Use it for entertainment. Technology is there to make things easier, and we should take advantage of it.
Has a computer ever helped you answer a difficult problem or type out a working paper for school? I know computers have helped me for years, so why should I terminate it or hope it goes away. This is the controversy, many experts believe that computers will not benefit society, but people like me think the opposite. There are many benefits to using computers, such as they are always a source of information, allow you to chat with others online, and can help people get school and job loans. No matter what the problem, don't you believe that your computer is always a source of information that can help? Unlike books, computers have endless information on any subject. This is because everyone, from the smartest to the least intelligent, has their opinions, ideas, and hard facts in computers on the web. I once saw a movie about a man who despised computers and new technology. So, for most of his life, without any hints or clues, he wondered where @CAPS4 was looking for a rare artifact called the @CAPS1 diamond. He never found the diamond, but his son searched for it on the internet and found that the root geography of @CAPS1 meant underground in the ancient @CAPS2 culture. Thanks to a computer, he found this diamond beneath the ancient @CAPS2 temple underground. So I believe that if people embrace technology like computers, they will discover many things they never thought of. Additionally, computers enable you to chat online with family and friends. Many people use computers to keep in touch when no phone is available, to chat with friends on the street or with family members on vacation in another country. Computers always have a usable form of communication no matter where you are. For example, the only way for many of our soldiers who went to war to stay in touch with loved ones back home was by talking to them online via a computer. One thing I know is that no matter how old you might be to about @NUM1, if you have a job or go to school, you use a computer to help you with @CAPS4. Whether it's getting answers to homework questions or researching a person for a project, we all use computers. Computers can even help you make brochures or booklets. If this is something you do at work, this can help you advertise immensely. Also, many people don't have the neatest handwriting, so they type a paper or letter to their boss, and you can even choose the type of handwriting it's typed in. In any case, at work, a computer is always helpful. Yes, I do believe that computers are good for society. Still, some experts do disagree with me and believe they can be complementary. Still take my advice seriously and keep using your computer. Remember, it is always the source of information. You can chat online and it helps work.
I believe that the computer is a great invention. It allows people to interact with people from far away places. There are many fun games to play. It's also a great way to learn about distant topics and places. It is very important to be able to talk to relatives who are far away. Experts at @PERCENT1 say having a close-knit family gives kids more chances to go to college. I understand why some people think "why not" I grew up in a big family and used my phone all day. There are a lot of fun games on the computer that you can play. I see why you might think that the computer is the reason why kids are overweight but not computer time. its eating habits. Research shows that computers are used twice as much in winter. Learning new information on the Internet is a great way to use resources. Imagine you, a straight student, come home for the biggest project on the weekend, but forgot to bring home the most important book. She looked around, out of breath. But if you have a computer, your daughter can finish the project and get into her dream college. But since you didn't buy a computer, she'll fail classes, get accepted at Harvard, and settle at a local community college, maybe one day she'll be able to transfer. So I gave you a reason to get out, but you just lost a computer to do it. Would you like your child to interact with Aunt Sally who lives NUM1 miles away. It's also a great way to play games. In the end, do you want your daughter to go to Yale or let her fail. I've told you the facts, the rest is up to you.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 I do believe that computers can be positive. If you think about it, they can actually help you with all the different programs they have. Assuming you need tutoring or advice, you can basically find everything on a computer even if you have young kids, I'm absolutely sure they have websites and programs for them, and trust me, they're fun and educational! You know how people complain about computers taking up time for exercising and interacting with family and friends? Well, what if you have family living elsewhere. You can chat with them! And it can also be executed on a computer. I'm sure if you read on you'll know why I think they are positive. Having trouble at school? Are they blaming it on the computer? Well, we can change it! If we can prove to people that computers can help us learn and be educational, then people might actually think computers aren't that bad because the technologies that have come out these days aren't that bad. I'm pretty sure they have some kind of tutoring program, they even have an online college! Now there are some things to investigate. Do you have a child, a young friend, or even a brother and sister? Are they always looking for games to play? Well, I'm @PERCENT1 and I'm sure they'll have fun learning games and websites on their computer! So, while they're having fun, you can think about how much they've learned now! It's a really fun way to learn! You can imagine what they are learning and how they are doing in school. Do you have family who live far away but you rarely see? Well, if you both have a computer, then you might be in touch! You can chat with each other, check in with each other, and see how everyone is doing. It's the perfect way to keep in touch. Wondering what is also a good way to connect, webcam! You don't have to have one, it's just a suggestion. So you can not only talk to them, but also see them. Isn't that cool? I don't know about you, but I think so. Well, now you see what I'm saying about I think computers are positive. I hope you feel the same way. If you really think about it, they're not bad at all. They are actually very helpful. thanks,
Dear @CAPS1, I think computers impact our country in a positive way. The three reasons I think so are communication, @CAPS2, entertainment, and @CAPS3. One of my favorite things to do is talk, and when my best friend moved out and I lost his phone number, I didn't think we could do that. One day he begged me on facebook and we have been communicating on facebook, myspace and skype since then. The second reason computers are good for our society is @CAPS2. At my father's house, I don't have a TV, so I rely on the internet to keep me informed about what's going on in the world. A site called @CAPS4.com was the first to announce the death of @PERSON1, and some even suspected it. Stories like this often break the rest on the internet. The third reason computers benefit our society is entertainment. You can watch videos, play games, listen to music, communicate with friends. The final reason why computers benefit our society is @CAPS3. Many @CAPS3s in our community need computer skills, such as accountants, managers, software designers, and computer programmers. Computers make @CAPS3 and more efficient by correcting mistakes, providing vision and typing. That's why computers impact our communities in positive ways.
Dear local newspaper @CAPS1, @CAPS2 is very concerned about computers and whether people spend a lot of time sitting in front of screens. I believe people should be more aware of their time on the computer. Instead of ruining your eyes, you should be exercising, enjoying and spending time with family and friends. Exercise is an important part of everyone's life, and if you don't get enough exercise, you may become obese. Obeisity @MONTH1 Causes people to dislike you or think you're a slacker. While you might say that you don't care what other people think, in the long run you may be wrong to think so. Exercising is likely to free you from almost every type of discrimination because you look no different or even better than the average person. If you have the opportunity to buy a telescope, mount it in a place where you can see the stars at night. Instead of staring at the computer and enjoying the sunny pleasures, go for a walk in the woods. As you can see, nature is much more beautiful than the hundreds of tiny colors that form a natural image. If you find images of beautiful plants, why not see or feel the plants for yourself? There are many programs available on your computer these days that let you see a person, but don't you want to talk to him or her in real life? I definitely will, and I think most others will too. The @PERCENT1 in the @LOCATION1 population said they would rather talk face-to-face with a friend or relative than on a computer screen. I feel that no matter how possible, you should always be talking to people in person, not through cameras and wires. I hope I've made it clear that exercising, nature, and people in real life are better options than facing a computer for the rest of your life.
Computers are a common havar holding item today, some people think it's bad for society, when in fact it's the most useful tool we have today. It provides easy access to information and preparation skills for future generations. Sometimes dedicating your life to cruel days through games. Before the computer world spent hours reading books and finding what you were looking for there. Computers solve this problem. It's not as simple as typing what you need to know and hitting enter. This improves children's grades and adults' lives, solves problems without having to move, and allows news like yours to spread the moment it's known. It also creates a place for anyone in the world to interact with eg and/or questions and answers, which allows us to not only give opinions and compare responses, but also get statistics on @MONTH1 helping us make life-changing decisions. It not only informs, but prepares our world. Like kids around the world and my social and decision-making skills. They also love networking and design, as well as simpler things like management and harder things like business. Although it gives love a copy, but with all of them. Online video games are a huge maker today, allowing people to not only play new games, but do anything from dancing, building, fighting, forging teilor, and more. And the fact that @NUM1's game is age @NUM2. It also improves hand-eye coordination. So when you have a great day, tents bring joy to people. So computers are required, hard work with all your heart, but @MONTH1 your dreams are a little limited!
I've noticed a debate about whether computers have a positive effect on people. I think computers have really had a positive impact on people, because with computers, people can get the information they need that can be used to help them, it allows people to talk to friends and family around the world, and it allows people to learn about new things. Therefore, computers have a positive impact on people. Students, whether in college or elementary school, when they have to do projects for their classes, they almost always use a computer, and without a computer students won't be able to get the information they need and can cause them to do poorly on a computer grades may lead to projects with increasingly poor grades. Adults often use computers for work and planning , so without a computer that would mean thousands of people would lose their jobs and potentially forget scheduled plans that could be important and could cost families money, Not enough money to pay the bills and could lead to the loss of their homes, sending them into the streets. Everyone has at least two or more friends or relatives who live in different parts of the world and it is not easy to keep in touch, so it can lead to having to use long distance calls, which can cost a lot of money. However, with computers, people can talk to friends and real-life people from all over the world without paying any extra fees to friends and family members from all over the world over the phone. Also, if something happens to a family member somewhere in real life, we can use the internet to contact them and see if everything is ok. Many parents are using computers to help teach their children so they are ready for their first school days. Also, computers are mainly used in schools to teach students what they need to know in the future, so computers become very useful when people are trying to learn how to do something for school. College or work computers are used every day to process important things we need to learn in our future life, so we don't need any extra help to learn how to do something. If we already know what to do, we will also help them when they need it. As you can see, computers really have a positive impact on people because people can use computers to help them get the information they need for school or work, it allows you to connect with friends and family from all over the world, and finally computers Help teach us very important life lessons. In conclusion, computers have a positive impact on people, it can save people from losing things that are important to themselves or others.
For @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @ORGANIZATION1, computers are good for our society. These computers are the strengths of our learning and knowledge. By using computers, students can complete their work faster and more efficiently. You may misspell a word as you type your report on your computer, and every computer has a spell check. Also, you @ORGANIZATION1 need to look up a word because you don't know the definition all you have to do is go to @LOCATION1 and type that word and get the definition automatically. You @ORGANIZATION1 have received a book report so you can go online copy and paste @CAPS2 do @CAPS2 not @CAPS2 wants you but @CAPS2 you have a piece of paper and your pen where you can write @CAPS2. A computer makes life so easy for students. You @ORGANIZATION1 need a job but can't stand, walk, talk, you can get a job working on a computer. Computers allow more jobs to be made and replaced. How teachers can send mail to them without wasting paper without computers. Sure, computers use electricity, but paper wastes trees. Anyway, you think the @CAPS2 computer is a good thing to invest in. Going to college Not everyone has enough time in a day to drive to school, with your computer you can go straight to school online. So if you don't have the money to carry a backpack, you don't need one of your buddies to stay where you left them. So the computer is a good invention. @CAPS2 makes life faster, greener, and even saves trees. The bright side is that @CAPS2 even generates a lot of work. Last minute things can even be online. Every computer purchased creates a new expense for someone else.
I believe that computers are useful and useful to us. They provide us with rich entertainment, allow us to communicate with each other, and even help us learn. Today, if it's raining outside, or it's too cold to do anything, you can continue to face the computer or computer, watch movies, play games, and chat. The computer is a free machine, and health expert @PERSON1 said "computer usage is fine, as long as it is limited to an hour or a half day or so". Some people complain that people don't get enough exercise because of the computer. But it's not a real computer glitch, they didn't exercise. In today's modern world, you can call someone, text someone, or page them from your computer, but you can do so much more, with a webcam, you can video chat with people and send each other video. You can also connect with your friends on facebook or myspace. Sociologist @PERSON2 says more and more people are connecting to the @CAPS1 website and talking to their friends. "@CAPS1 site is great" @CAPS2 also said "@CAPS1 lets you talk to your friends when they're away, or you just can't see them. But nothing beats a real connection." Computers help us too learn. They can answer almost any question you have and have many names. Today, most people don't. Some people may still think the computer is bad for you, leading to a lack of exercise, but I believe people have the ability to make friends. They choose to overuse the computer, too much of anything is bad. Today's computers are invaluable and irreplaceable things in life.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 You know, more and more people are using computers. In my opinion, I think computers do benefit society in many ways. One of the positive effects it has on people is that they can communicate. Through computers, people can send messages to each other. If someone doesn't have a phone or car, they can simply go online, write a message, and click the send button. It's an easy way to communicate with people who live on the other side of the world @CAPS2. If you have family members who live far away, you can also send them pictures of yourself, friends/family, and places you've been. They can receive them or send pictures back. Another positive effect of computers on people is that they can learn new things. The internet allows you to search for different topics and has basically everything you can think of. If you go on @ORGANIZATION1 and type in a word like "dog", you'll see a bunch of sites that take you to other dog-related sites. You can find a list of dog types, dog lifespans, where most dogs are found, how to care for them, and more. The internet lets you explore new things and helps find ideas. your name; they get it. The computer also comes in handy when you have nothing to do. If you're bored and can't play outdoors because of bad weather or a broken leg, you can play computer games, listen to music online, or write your own story on a Word document. Playing computer games can teach you tricks to help you play better, @CAPS2 good @CAPS2 keeps you busy. If you want to listen to music to make yourself happy, you can find any song you want on @CAPS3 or other sites. It's better than listening to the radio because sometimes you don't like the song. You can open a word document if you want to write a story too, or if you just want to type your thoughts. @CAPS2 As you can see, I think computers are an interesting tool. If you can't do something positive, you can communicate, learn new things, and stay entertained. Remember to hang out or hang out with friends and family whenever possible.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3 people own a computer or laptop. They all do the same thing. These electronics are familial. They can help you do a lot of things others @MONTH1 can't. These @MONTH1s can help you find long-lost siblings or who @MONTH1 is looking for. Computers from @MONTH1 can also hurt you, or @CAPS4 if you buy them carefully. I went looking for my brother, my mom's house that I left when I did this" the woman cried. That's the computer's job. The site @CAPS3 visited threw a computer @MONTH1 to help you do it, Such as facebook, myspace and This can influence your and @CAPS3 habits. This can make a big difference in your life. It can turn any seam into a good thing just by finding someone you love. Computers at risk for @CAPS3 .You can try to pay your bills online and then send your money to the wrong website. That will get your identity stolen. You can also put all your info online, @MONTH1 when they do When you don't think too much. You can put your fone number, address, etc. and people @MONTH1 contact you to act like everyone else, @MONTH1 you even kill you. @CAPS3 People think it's very but it's not, @CAPS4 be careful what you do. Computers are a big problem for why @CAPS4 @CAPS3 people don't like to go out and buy things, they'd rather shop on a computer. Here's a reason son why you started being your way @MONTH1 go @MONTH1 just Stay home and just play games online. @CAPS4 @CAPS3 More Americans, you're all just lazy. In all cases, your computer is useful @CAPS4, not a pro
Human computers are good things and cool. Why is it cool? Cool because the computer does all the work for you. I have reason. The first reason is that computers help you a lot when you have homework, work, projects, or anything like that at school. Because on a computer you can log on to the internet and then you go to google or some other web side. The second reason is that the computer can help you, eg: you have a big problem with your car or something like that. You can go into the computer in @LOCATION1 and you'll see the car's fragments. The third reason computers are so cool is because you can do anything at this time. We can go online and advance our lives. Now you can implement work, homework, projects, ideas, write books, chat, message, print pictures, etc... And you are an architect, you can make a suitable job or house, you see the computer so cool. But some people use computers to do bad things like: porn or bad things, it's not cool and it's not for people. Computers are awesome super geniuses. My point is that computers are as helpful as our needs in life. Not for life, but for our lives or @CAPS1. You can see your family through the webcam. It's great, but don't use your webcam for bad things, you can learn things you don't know. I think it's a good thing that you use a computer for this reason. Evaluation computer. Please.
Dear local newspaper, technology is an important part of everyday life, even if some people live their lives without technology, more specifically, computers, humans will be lost. We won't be able to learn about distant places, people won't be able to study things using the wider range of available information, or for some, talk to friends and family. I need technology in everyone's life, do they realize it. There are endless things you can do with a computer, and in terms of technological advancements, this is just the beginning. The Internet allows people to learn - not just what you learn from library books. You can learn about the culture of @LOCATION1, the food they eat at @LOCATION2, and even the way people dress at @LOCATION3. You can find pictures and distant places and find out currencies or countries. @CAPS1 The possibility that computers allow you to do is research. Might be easier when they demonstrate through them! Furthermore, computers enable people to communicate with others. For some people, it's their only means of communication. If your penpal is in @CAPS1 state, or even @CAPS1 country, email is a great way to talk to them, it's a quick, easy and enjoyable tool, but others prefer instant messaging - you type The message will pop up on the other computer almost immediately. Then they type a reply, and it gets back to you! Either method is a great way to communicate! So you see, we can't learn everything we want to learn without technology, research, like language arts classes. We can't even communicate with other people. And this is just the beginning of our lives without computers.
@CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, in this day and age, computer technology rules the world. This is where we get news, music, shopping and even entertainment. Sounds good right? But this infobox has some big drawbacks. For example, this gadget is taking over people's lives and stopping them from overusing them. Today, people even lose human interaction with these wonderful toys. Lastly, computers are very expensive electronics and they come with a lot of maintenance items that will cost you money and ultimately frustrate you. As you can see, while computers have some great advantages, they also have considerable disadvantages that you haven't thought of yet. As I said before, computers are moving away from people exercising. We have all become lazy. People would rather stay in front of a computer screen and play Grand Theft Auto or Facebook Tracker than play football with friends in an empty field on the street. @PERCENT1 of @LOCATION1 has at least one @DATE1 half with no physical domain. @PERCENT2 These people would rather stay at home on their computer. It's a shame! We cannot allow this to continue. We have to change our way of life and get rid of this unhealthy device we call a computer. Of all the reasons I think a computer is a bed, this is by far the most disturbing. As computers become more popular, people have less and less human interaction. Now you can get everything from your computer. Soon people will marry them. Oh wait, this has already happened. Just yesterday, I read in the latest issue of @CAPS4 @CAPS5 about a man marrying a character in his computer game. There was a priest present and everything was present. They have just returned from their honeymoon. It's so sad; it's so sad! See what our world has become. People would rather marry computer characters than interact with real people. We have to move fast, I don't know what's going to happen next. Finally, computers cost a lot of money. You pay @MONEY1 directly for the computer, but then you have all the maintenance and a lot of it. Computers are cumbersome. You just keep pouring money into it, which is really frustrating. It quickly breaks or freezes again and causes you to lose reports of your overnight work. For example, @DATE1 my dad has to pay @MONEY2 to keep my @DATE1 computer free from bugs. He didn't even want to pay, and then he got mad at paying for it all week. It got worse when it froze a week later. He was terrified. It's all you get out of a computer, and it's getting frustrating. I just don't think it's worth it.
Dear local paper, I firmly believe that computers can be harmful to society. My reason is that people are spending a lot of time on the computer, exercising less time, and losing interaction with family and friends. I think the number one reason computers are bad for our society is that people spend a lot of time on them. I know when I get home from school, all I can think about is the computer until I continue. Like an addiction. People spend all their time on social networks instead of going out and meeting new people. My second reason is that people spend less time exercising. I've been to a friend's house before and all we did was play computer games instead of enjoying nature outside. A lot of @CAPS1 don't choose healthy food, so why not get out and exercise? It's the computer. I've seen my brother eat and play games in front of the computer all Saturday. It's just not healthy. My last and final reason is that I spend the whole day in my room playing on the computer after school, which takes time away from my family and friends. It's like when you're on the computer nothing matters because you think "hey why not talk to my friends via @CAPS2, myspce or facebook! You lose a lot of those friendships. You lose your friendships with your family, too, Because you suck talking to them when you're on the computer. I spend half my time talking to people I don't know and then helping my little brother with the housework, or helping my mom clean the house. Anyway, that's why I Three reasons to think computers are bad for civilization. I really want you to think about all of this and really think about what computers can do to @CAPS1 I reiterate these three reasons are one, people spend a lot on computers Time. Two, spend less time exercising. Three, lose interaction with family and friends.
Dear @ORGANIZATION2, @DATE1, Computers are an important part of our society. They are technological advancements and have some positive effects. However, computers have a greater negative impact on people. They take away and reduce the time @CAPS3 spends interacting with family and seeing the world. First, computers have a negative impact on people because they reduce @CAPS3 time. People are so fascinated by computers that their desire for @CAPS3 is starting to wane. According to the @ORGANIZATION3 survey in @DATE2, for @CAPS1 people, spending @NUM1 hours per week on the computer (approximately @NUM2 hours per day) leads to elevated cholesterol and slow muscle degeneration. "Computers distract people," says @PERSON1 of @ORGANIZATION1. "@CAPS1 people need about one to two hours of physical activity per day, and only @NUM2 people out of @NUM4 people get that amount." What's the main reason for this low number? "Technology," she said, "@CAPS2 computer, it took all the motivation and time people needed to @CAPS3." @CAPS3 is vital, and computers are taking it away from society. People shouldn't have bad @ORGANIZATION1:computers because of this negative. Second, computers have a negative impact on people because they can worsen interactions with family members. As reported by Family @CAPS4 @ORGANIZATION3, @NUM5 of @NUM4 people say computers take up their family time. This is not a good thing, especially since @CAPS1 people need at least @NUM7 hours to interact with their families to ensure a healthy mental state and presence. Children are directly affected by computer use in the home environment. When computer time starts to consume time, it also cuts off communication, which is very important for deliberately raising children. As a result, family bonds and relationships are destroyed. It affects interactions with family members and places hatred in family bonds: computers have a negative impact on people. Finally, computers have a negative impact on people because it keeps people away from the world in which they are used. When you're on your computer, it seems like the whole world is on your computer screen. But it's not. This negatively affects people. My physcology.net says that @PERCENT1 people who use an average of about @NUM2 hours of inventory per day are noticeably withdrawn and unaware of their world. cure? Traveling, or even taking a walk to enjoy nature can help. People should be aware of the world they live in. They have to make important decisions for themselves, their children, and even their country, and staring at a computer screen doesn't help at all. If people continue their negative habits: computer use, it especially affects children, the next generation, who will not have knowledge or a clear view of the world. In conclusion, computers have a negative impact on people. They decreased @CAPS3, so bad @ORGANIZATION1 increased and demand for @CAPS3 increased. It reduces family interaction, let alone communication, by destroying family ties and bonds. In the end, it robs people of the ability to see the world, which is actually very important because it affects people's decisions and future generations. People need to be aware of these ill effects and drastically reduce their computer usage.
Computers have had a great impact on people's lives! Computers can be helpful and distracting at the same time. I have a computer, but I can't continue until I finish my homework. I do a lot of things on my computer, mostly games and social networking sites like myspce. A computer can help you with your homework or find information. I use my computer to do homework like a project or if I don't know what the subject is about. I also think computers are helpful for talking with friends or family. I talk to my family a lot and they live in @LOCATION1 all the time. I go to my space five times a week. Computers can also be distracting because it can make people lazy and have bad websites. Like myspace can be dangerous. If you tell people all your important information and you don't know them. The results can be very bad. Many people don't even leave the computer. I have a lot of family members who just get up and go to the computer or play video games. They don't get out of the car either. It lasted eight hours there. My mom also continues @CAPS1 with a computer. She talks to many of her friends who stay at @LOCATION1. She still talked to people in high school, but she mostly talked to her older sister. @NUM1 She's not on the computer. She will last @NUM2 minutes to an hour. I think computers can help life, but not for eight hours. If you do this every time, you'll see where you turn. My cousins are getting bigger and bigger. I'm not talking about height. So if you do use a computer, it's hardly half a day!
Dear newspaper, technology is a very useful thing, but also a bad thing, it makes people lazy. A computer is a multipurpose tool. With this one can be on any website. Anything like research or personal reasons. First, let me point out that computers are useful multi-tools. Computers work too, @CAPS1 people are lazy. I feel this way because, for many people, sitting in front of a computer is not about getting up and being active. Being proactive and important to people. A lot of people are inactive because they end up hurting on the computer. Instead of doing homework, students sometimes haul their computers around when they get home. Also, computers can help you pay your bills. Do research, or just play for fun. There are tons of websites and cps to meet your many needs. Upload family photos from your last vacation? It's as simple as most computer software. In the end, computers are kind of like. They can even become a blank, waiting for the most slack.
Dear local paper, computers have a positive effect on people. With a computer, you can do many things! They provide a great deal of information, communication, and even entertainment. The only reason some people think it's unhealthy or negative is that some people abuse their "computer time". Ever used the popular website www.google.com? Sites like this and more are great when you need information. You can almost type a word and you will automatically have hundreds or thousands of links with information on that word to choose from! How can so much knowledge be called unhealthy, or negatively affect people? Computers have dictionaries, reference materials, translators, encyclopedias, and even history pages that contain a lot of information. So keep expanding your knowledge! If you log on to one of the most famous and widely used social networking sites like @CAPS1 or @CAPS2, you will find a new way to communicate with friends and family. Equipped with tools and various settings to keep you safe, you can find long-lost friends or lost family members and catch up in no time. Again, many people abuse these sites, posting harmful words, inappropriate stuff, but if you "report" them to the webmaster or an adult, the problem is easy to fix. You just need to know how to stay safe online, if not, the computer can be a very negative object for you. If you know how to use it properly, you'll love messages from family members or instant messages from friends. You have all kinds of entertainment on your computer. Share videos from sites like www.youtube.com. Go to a gaming site like www.onemorelevel.com. These sites offer games and many videos, and even study aids. There are sites where you can buy music and movies, and even clothes and furniture. Many stores have online sites where you can buy items and have them shipped to your front door. How is this possible to regroup? There are also video games created specifically for computers that you can buy and install for instant entertainment. I mean, who doesn't lie to be able to play games or shop without bothering to find time to go out and do it? I know my aunts do this. So you see, computers are not negative unless you abuse your "computer time" and waste countless hours for no reason. You need to have a limit. Without it, it's weird to spend all day on the computer. So have fun! Learn, communicate, have fun.
Dear @CAPS1, computers tend to have more negative effects on people than positive ones. It's true because people in @MONTH1 don't get enough exercise, people in @MONTH1 don't enjoy nature in the forest, and finally, because people in this world don't have enough time with family and friends. Computers are fine around the house, however. First, people spend too much time on the computer. They have more negative effects because when you're on the computer, you don't get a workout. Think of the day you gain weight by eating fast food from your computer. Obesity is a big problem for @ORGANIZATION1 right now. Staying on the computer doesn't help. Anyone involved who is technically challenged will agree that the myriad of people on the computer are not good for our nation's health. Also, people spend too much time on the computer and not enough on the beauty of nature. Many people, adults own @DATE1 because they are the world, but should be explored there and people should be thankful that we still have the beauty of @DATE1. They should be something to wait and see. While communication is important for everyone, people should make plans with family and friends rather than talking on a computer. This idea is also associated with a lack of exercise and innocence in people. If people are going to go out and enjoy life in the forest with their friends and family, there is not much time wasted on the computer in a day. People should get off and go. Life is too short to sit all day. Any smart person will realize that computer time is not as fun as family and friend time. All in all, computers have recently been overused and have been overused. Instead of having problems, lack of sunlight and boring computer conversations, people should get up and leave. We only live once, and that time should be full!
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 what would a person do without a computer? Well, I don't want anything because @CAPS1 If you're like me and their family is far away in another country, you can see them and talk to them from your computer as if you were there. Computers just don't take the time, they can help you understand the makeup of your home. That's many reasons why I think computers should be very important. My first reason is that they give you information about places you might be interested in learning about or learning about their culture. There are a lot of people out there who like to explore and see new places, but they can't because maybe they just don't have the time, or maybe they have a lot of work to do. No one is excluded because they don't have the time or computer, so don't rule them out. My second reason is work. People like you who work in offices need information about where disasters happen. You might need something to see how it happens, @CAPS1 is the condition for it to happen. People who work in important places need a computer because they are saving their work so they don't lose it and get fired. My third and final reason is to stay organized. Being organized is very important to help you keep your job or have everything on hand. Well, computers can not only kill time, but also make your life easier. A lot of people say they don't have as many papers as @CAPS1; with a computer, you can keep all those papers in one page you save, and only you can see it. When you @MONTH1 see that many people with computers use it in an efficient manner. It's not just the passage of time as people say. It also helps you do a lot for your future: not just hang out with some new friends. As you @MONTH1 can see, these are the three main reasons I put a computer in your home and use it in a good and productive way.
Dear @ORGANIZATION2. A computer is a very useful resource. It helps people navigate their lives, they can get jobs, do research for schools. Without computers, the world would be nothing. But on the other hand, some people do spend a lot of time on the computer. But surfing the web for countless hours is their choice. Computers can help students conduct research from the comfort of their homes. They don't need to go to the local library to find books, just enter their research topic and a ton of different websites are right there right under their noses. Computers are the world at your fingertips. Computers can also help the unemployed find work. It's easy, enter the city you want to work in and you're done. You can even fill out a job application right away. Hey, some people even work from home. Stay-at-home moms can easily make money while doing everyday chores like washing dishes. Working from home can also be a lot less hassle. It's less stressful because you don't have to deal with annoying and impatient companies. Worker. Did you know that @PERCENT1's employment came from workers' homes, @CAPS1 now you know. Working from home makes another day at the office and another day at home. Computers have helped us along the way since the days of cavemen. Without a computer, this would be nothing. We'll have a lot of basic stuff like traffic lights, elevators, and even bleeders. We also won't have something more complex like fockets. As well as cars and planes. Imagine an airport without computers, where would they store all their information? on the paper? Where will the school store all their grades and tardiness? on the paper? Where will the government store their information? on the paper? With these three places, we've cut @ORGANIZATION1 in half. Computers also help the environment. They will also help us invent more technologies so that one day we can live on @CAPS2 or otherwise. I hope this article changes the way you think about computers. Let's review them helping students re-search, helping people find jobs, and you can work from home. Help the environment. Without computers, we would be living in caves, walking around like cavemen with leaves. The @CAPS3 line is very useful for computers.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 computers are a good idea because every developed country uses them. They also @CAPS2 learn, facilitate communication, and are important in business. Computers have also made life easier for many people. Computers @CAPS2 learn by providing a lot of information. Personally I only learn about many world events by opening yahoo.com. Computers taught me about the new @NUM1, and learning about cultures around the world can be done with computers. The last way computers @CAPS2 learn is by telling us everyday things like removing stains, how to pronounce words, how to make new dishes, etc. Computers are also essential for communication. We use computers to chat with friends on Facebook. You can also use your computer to meet new people. Everyone uses a computer, so you can basically know anyone. The final reason why computers are important is that, from a business perspective, computers help a lot of small businesses by letting people know. Domestic sellers and big companies can compete for the same customer. Also, the internet creates a lot of money for people because they can use it as online billboards. In conclusion, computers are useful for learning, communication and business. Therefore, computers should be supported, not looked down upon.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, have you ever spent more than an hour on your computer at a time? Computers have a negative impact on people! You may damage your eyesight and should spend time outside playing, which can make it harder to talk to people face-to-face. Do your eyes hurt when you finally leave the computer? Whether you're gaming or typing, @MONTH1's eyes tighten to keep up with the small print on the site. I remember reading an online novel once, and the whole person was ready to play. except my eyes. Instead of playing a sports game on the computer, get up and play one outside! When you're on your computer, you're most likely indoors. You know one should be out at least @NUM1 minutes to get there vitamins @CAPS3. On a computer screen, your web maintains the right amount of vitamins you need every day. Have you ever found it easier to talk to people on a computer than face-to-face? You are not the only one who thinks this way. If you step away from the computer and talk face to face, you can improve your social skills. It's not easy at first, but it's worth it in the long run. Now you know that computers don't really have a positive impact. It can damage your eyesight, limit your time outdoors, and make it harder to talk to people face-to-face. So come on, put the mouse down and find something "hands on" to do!
Computers are not good for today's society. Computers have made technology a necessity, many people don't spend enough time on other activities, and they're not good for your health. Do you want someone full of @ORGANIZATION1 with eyes on a computer screen? Computers are very helpful to everyone, but they can be addicting. Computers are made to make tasks faster and easier for you. For example, you can shop online and Google. We live in a generation where computers have become a necessity rather than a pleasure for @ORGANIZATION1. According to @PERSON1, a psychologist at @ORGANIZATION1, there are now more than @PERCENT1 @ORGANIZATION1 people on their computers. Also, computers make people lazy. Instead, @ORGANIZATION1 go to the store to buy something or walk to a friend's house to chat, which you usually do with your computer. So people don't spend enough time doing other things. For example, on a sunny day, you'd think most kids would have fun outside, but that's not the case anymore. For kids who are old enough to use/work a computer, they' @CAPS1 stay in that good day. There are so many wonderful things you can do on your computer, like chatting with friends, checking email and Facebook. Even if these things are enjoyable, you should limit your time on the computer. Most @ORGANIZATION1 time you spend on your computer is probably spent outside or watching a movie. Not being on a computer can also help small businesses. If you pay to do an activity, or buy something, see something, it will have an impact on the bottom line of the small business. On the other hand, computers are not good for your health. Apple Computer. The magazine said that using a computer all the time carries health risks. @PERCENT2 @ORGANIZATION1 People become obese and vitamin deficient from computer overuse @CAPS1. While using a computer, you may be exercising or exercising, which can lead to obesity. Also, if you're indoors all the time, you're not getting the healthy @ORGANIZATION1 sunlight you need, so you're vitamin deficient @CAPS1. Another health risk is bad eyes. If you spend hours a day at the computer, your eyes can be permanently damaged. Do you want your child to be at risk from overuse of the computer? In conclusion, it is safe to say that computers are not good for today's society. Many people are addicted to technology, you can use your time more wisely, and computers can put your health at risk. While it is true that computers allow us to accomplish tasks more easily, abuse of privilege affects everyone.
Dear local paper, I think computers have a positive effect on people. Some adults and most children don't get enough exercise or even with their families. Some parents are less positive about their children. The kids didn't do their homework because they were always on the computer when they got home. Adults and children are getting less exercise. Sitting down and reading or anything they do on the computer is not exercise. They get fat because they eat and sit, and then they get hungrier than they eat and sit. Some people say that your fingers and arms get bigger as you move your mouse, which is not true. Staring at a computer screen all day can lead to overwhelm, and people don't spend time with their families. They sit at the front or at the computer, ignoring everyone and everything around them. Kids can enjoy something other than computers. Parents may be outside. Play catch with their kids and even play board games with them. There is a lot of positivity among people. They don't go out and dance with friends. Instead, they point them at a computer or message them on facebook or even myspace. Kids fail at school because they don't do their homework after school. They would rather go to the computer. This is why I think computers have a positive impact on children and adults.
Dear @CAPS1 In my opinion a computer is the better choice because you can do a lot of things like play games. Three reasons why I should have a computer is so you can chat online with your friends or do homework or projects and work on @LOCATION1 things. So I think if you like to do that then a computer is what you need. My first reason is to chat online. People chat online so they can chat with their friend @PERSON1 there. If you talk online, you can figure out what an assignment is, when a meeting is, or when a party starts. You can also chat online with friends or family members who move or live near @LOCATION2. My second reason is to do my homework. Sometimes you need a computer to do your homework. You need a computer to print pictures for your report. You will also need to enter your vacation report. The computer can also help you complete your history or book online @CAPS2 for homework or projects. My third reason is to find out about the @LOCATION1 thing. You can determine the age of @CAPS3 @CAPS4 or the height of @ORGANIZATION1. You can also figure out how to spell a big word. There are many corridors that take you to @LOCATION1 or @CAPS5 beaches or elsewhere. Determine where @LOCATION3's wall is. If you want to learn @LOCATION1 stuff or chat online and do other things, then you should get a computer.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 I am sure that many people do use computers and there will be more in the future. Computers are the standard in the business world and are heavily reliant on. People even need internet access on their mobile phones to keep up to date with inventory, shipments, and important emails. Some computers are also for home use only, to contact family members and find information you @MONTH1 needs right away or can't find. Computers are still evolving, getting faster and better day by day, and will likely never stop being used, but that doesn't mean they permanently restrict you from doing other activities. It's true that some people do spend a lot of time on the computer, but not everyone does, some people work on the computer at home and can't help but work on the computer because it's their job. I implore you to consider using so many resonant computers and understand that computers are used to help not harm people. Computers are great for simplifying things and are great for information. I stick with computers and strongly disagree that they negatively affect the human way of life. Computers do things people don't normally do, like someone doesn't look up everything he or she needs to know, because there are only certain facts to look for, and it's easy to compare and contrast information with a computer instead of Read several different books. So if you really think about it, computers save us a lot of time in what we do. Again I say "the computer better not hurt it".
Dear local paper,...I believe that today's computers have a negative impact on people. I believe this is because computers make people less active and most people want to use their computers at home and then do their activities outside. I also believe that the computer will limit the emotions of the person speaking through it. When people speak through machines instead of speaking, they should be out with each other. Finally, if people don't use computers regularly, if everyone stops using technology for a while and goes out, they will reduce the obesity rate in this country. At least one or two times a day or even more people use a computer for hours on end. People today have many options on the internet: @CAPS1, @CAPS2, ooVoo, and more. @NUM1 of @NUM2 people say they "need" to check these daily, but they really don't. What they "need" to do is stop using the computer and get out! Furthermore, people all over the world communicate through computers. My friends and I always thought the computer was talking" said @PERSON1, "@CAPS3 the easiest way ". Now @MONTH1 is the easiest way, but @CAPS3 is also the most boring, I mean you really imagine A robot still has emotions like a human? Computers don't give you the opportunity to express emotions, which means people need to go out, go out, and even talk to each other on the phone. At least you get up to answer the phone. Finally, @CAPS4 is the fattest person in the world One of the places where people sit in front of the computer every day, eat, stay still, and get fat. Do you really want to be a person called a "fat country"? I don't think so. People should treat each other if they can Computer usage between hours is limited to an hour. To reiterate, I believe computers are negatively impacting people around the world today. Computers cause people to be less active. In one conversation, cause people to be obese. So please help me fight to make More people leaving d makes people more active, sounds good, doesn't it?
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, I'm here to talk about my thoughts on computers, about how they help people, and how many people say kids and adults spend a lot of time on computers. My first take on this topic is that computers have become more advanced over time. In the past few years, computer companies have come a long way, allowing people to do almost everything. This is both good and bad. A computer is a tool and a great feature for any home. Perfect for those with a small business, you can easily go online and update what you want to change in your store, such as designing colorful posters to put on your store windows to increase business and attract people's attention. You can even book your flight weeks or even months before you go to the airport. This is great for those who are busy and travel a lot. You can visit a website called @ORGANIZATION2 where you can go anywhere in the world and zoom in on landmarks like @CAPS1 in @LOCATION2 or @CAPS2 @CAPS3 in @LOCATION1. A computer can also improve your hand-eye coordination when typing. Typing is an important skill to master, and if you're a good typist, you can do things more efficiently than you can on paper. Some people can even memorize the keyboard without even having to look down. If you have relatives far away in another state or even country, computers are also great for communication and you can easily talk to them via @CAPS4. @CAPS4 is an online service you can use to chat with them face to face. These are just some of the things you can do with a computer. On the other hand, many said that people spend a lot of time on the computer, out on tasks, and not spending enough time with their families. I do agree that this is the case in some ways. I know some friends who average 6 hours a day on the computer, which is too much for me, and the parents have become too busy with their computer work when they should be spending time with their kids. Some kids are so addicted to computers that they may become unhealthy and obese from sitting for too long, something that shouldn't happen. I hope you have an idea of the pros and cons of computers and how important it is not to use your computer too often, but it can be an important feature when used properly.
Hello everyone, I have heard a lot of people basically saying that computers are not good. People spend a lot of time on the computer and not enough time outside with their families. But I am writing to you today to tell you how awesome computers really are. First of all, computers are very helpful to technology. People can now do things we couldn't do before. Like chatting with people across the ocean without paying @CAPS1 or even going there. Find ways to burn fat fast and meal plans. Upload photos to share with other family and friends. There are many, many more. Computers help so many people do so many things! By the way, mostly good things. Second, computers help us do things we couldn't otherwise do. It's like going to the moon! Have a cell phone! Some diseases are cured with the help of computers. Computers may be a gadget to some people, and they may not know how to use them properly, but in a few years, all problems will be solved! We're getting more advanced in so many ways, @CAPS1' @CAPS3 is kinda crazy! I could go on, computers do more for us, but not enough pages. Finally, @CAPS1 is easier to search with a computer. - and faster - @CAPS2 In my school we use our computers for learning and they help us a lot. I have personally learned a lot from computers. I even use them to improve the math skills of @ORGANIZATION1' @CAPS3! We need them! (@CAPS4...I at least do) I even started learning another language with them - @CAPS5-. @CAPS1' @CAPS3 Don't assume everyone who uses them is fat, lazy, and doesn't spend enough time with family and/or friends. Also, please stop all this crap, I really don't think spending too much time on the computer is something you should be worried about right now. That's what I'm going to say. goodbye.
I remember when computers were so popular. Back then I had to write my articles and listen to music on the radio. Computers are very popular these days. I believe computers have a positive impact on people @DATE1 because students need them at school, you can use them for other things, and it's easy to access them at the end. You will know that computers are good for our society! Most students use computers to enter college essays, projects, etc. This is good because it's easier. For example, I'm a student who can't draw, so I printed some pictures of my computer so I could stick them on my post board. So in other words, computers are useful to students. I know @NUM1 in @NUM2 colleges expects students to turn in assignments there and throw computers to zero. In this society, there is no time zero because when you are in college, you still pay for the course even if you fail or not. So basically a waste of money. So computers can save us from failure! Today, people use computers for entertainment. Message people usually on myspace, facebook, twitter and other social networks. It's fun because you get to meet people you haven't seen in years. As you can see, the internet has its advantages because you never thought you'd see your friends doing it. Another thing about computers is that if you want to travel, you can find something cheaper than everyday life, and you call @ORGANIZATION1 to buy a ticket. Tickets are up. But you find your flight to Florida on your computer and @ORGANIZATION1, and the price is likely a few hundred dollars less. Since we are taking a break, we will need these few hundred dollars to save. Computers are everywhere. You can find one at school, at home, in a coffee shop, or even on your phone. This is good because you can use them yourself. At home, if my labtop is free, I can keep using it and play games on it for hours. Also, I remember my computer was broken and I desperately wanted to keep using it. So I realized I could use the computer at the library. I'm happy because it's free for me. All in all, computers have a positive impact on people. I don't really know what to do if I don't have them because students need them and you can do other things on it and finally it's easy to access! In this generation, everyone is running around and computers.
Dear local paper, computers are affecting more and more people in society, not helping. A boy named @PERSON1 started to have many health problems after buying a computer. He thinks the computer used to help him doesn't help at all. His health problems started to worsen. He soon became short of breath and always had high blood pressure, and he started to become overweight. Since he got the computer, he hasn't been exercising or going out to spend time with family and friends as much as he does online. Computers don't help, I think they're just a waste of time, lose your education, and make you unhealthy. As you @MONTH1 already know, computers can help you a lot, but there are some things you don't know about computers. According to a health magazine, tests have shown that using a computer for two or three hours can make you lose @PERCENT1 brain cells. A lot of brain cells are lost when you need them for education. There's also no way to get those back. After walking up and down the street to hear what people were saying about how computers affect people, a police officer at the @PERSON2 police station said: "I love using the computer and surfing the internet, but most of the time I'm on the move. At @TIME1 at It can be very unsafe and unhealthy to find himself on his computer getting off at @NUM1 @ORGANIZATION1. Computers can help you find what you're looking for or show things you've never seen before, but it's all a waste of wire. Visiting facebook, youtube or myspace on your computer, interacting with family and friends after an interview with @PERSON3 is just a waste of time. Instead of doing something pointless on the internet like playing games, you might put your upcoming quiz or do Homework is delayed so you don't do it at the last minute."
Dear newspaper, @CAPS1, you agree that people can use computers all the time and never get out of the car. Well, I don't. Think about all the negative things that could happen. Like spending less time with family, addictive and unhealthy. Those who spend all their time on the computer forget that they have family there. For example, I remember when I was a kid I was playing with the computer and I forgot that I had family with me, so I missed all the fun things like going to the mall or the park. Sure, playing with the computer is fun, but don't you want to give your family some attention? Pretty lonely @PERCENT1 people in almost other countries because they @CAPS1 just play on the computer and forget about everyone else. You don't want to be like these people, do you? I never thought that playing computer games would be addicting. Many people in other countries cannot live without a computer for a day. It's been said that almost everyone who plays computer all day dies because they don't eat well, sleep well or go to the toilet. Imagine your life ended because of your computer addiction. I remember when my friend told me, "Don't stay on the computer too long, you might die", I thought it was a joke. So think about playing with the computer day and night. But not least, some people don't treat their bodies right. For example, some computer users forget to eat, sleep, or move around. This tends to numb one's legs and make one's stomach hurt. Imagine going a day without eating, sleeping, and moving around. You don't even want to try this. Now is the time to decide whether people should be able to play with their computers day and night. And all the negative things that can happen, like spending less time with family, addiction, and being unhealthy. So get up and decide.
Dear local paper, I have been using my computer for a long time. I didn't grow up, but I got one last year. Some people say this computer is great, it helps you keep in touch with friends and family, it helps you know everything, you can check the news. I totally agree with this statement. But some people don't like computers because they spend more time on it than when they go out. This is any idea about computers. First, computers are a great way to find news. You can find more news and weather faster than you can on TV. If you want to find news, just visit the website you think has news. I'm learning about today's weather, what's going on in a day where @MONTH1 shocked everyone, and learning about celebrities. All of this can be done with the push of a button and the click of a mouse. Second, the computer is like a tutor. Either you're having trouble with your homework, or you just want to know the simple fact that computers are for you. Just search what you want to know on a search engine and you will get the answer. It doesn't really matter, but it's when you're in a rush to learn. Finally, computers are the world's most famous means of communication. Whether it's facebook, myspace, aim, you can chat with distant or close family and friends. You might be thinking, "Oh, that's what the phone is for"? Well all these sites are free. Yes, I said free. And Skype. Skype is where you can actually see the people you're talking to. Yes, the wonderful world of technology. So now you know that computers can teach you stuff. It finds news for you and helps you communicate globally. Now you're thinking, "people spend too much time on their computers, right"? This is the independent source. Get off or it. It's your decision to continue using it, not the computer. Limit your time to half an hour a day. Come to us and enjoy nature. AMybe Do a little exercise.
Dear @CAPS1, advances in computer technology have had a positive impact on the society we live in today. Computers teach hand-eye coordination, help children learn in and out of school, and connect the world socially. These amazing devices don't hurt the new generation. In fact, they did the exact opposite. Computers are an excellent way to teach hand-eye coordination. People who oppose the use of computers believe that all they do is make children lazy and ignorant. This is not the case. Coordination gained from games using the mouse to sports such as baseball and hockey. Players must look at the incoming ball and guide their stick or glove to catch it. As you can see, coordination is critical to movement. It is also required for simple everyday tasks around the house. These could be as simple as taking out the trash or cooking. We ignore the fact that their light work as this still requires coordination. A misplaced pot can spill boiling water on the floor, creating a huge mess. W Lucky for us, we live in a world with such excellent hand-eye coordination teachers. Computers are the most knowledgeable teachers in the world. If you use a computer, no matter how hard you try, you will learn something. The Internet is the best cache of information. In this day and age, the environment is a growing concern. Paper is not made of trees, so it has to be cut. It takes forty years for a tree to grow and seconds to cut down a tree. Schools everywhere should use computers and keyboards for work, not paper and pencils. Since most students are familiar with computers, they prefer to use computers instead of writing. An average child can learn more using a computer in an hour than they can in a whole day at school. A transition is required. The computer is also a huge social network. Instant messaging and @CAPS2 are now the primary sources of communication. Without a computer, I wouldn't be able to talk to a friend who moved to @LOCATION2 two years ago. This is just one example of how social networking can work. They help people keep in touch with old friends and work. All large companies use computers to invest in, sell products, and store information. Computers are the ultimate way to communicate. Clearly, the popularity of computers has grown exponentially. @LOCATION1 should use it. Imagine a greener country where we don't have to clear a million acres of @CAPS3 @CAPS4 rainforest every year. The benefits of computers are endless. Three of them are hand-eye coordination, knowledge and communication.
Dear @LOCATION1 media, I have recently heard a lot of arguments based on computers destroying society. I strongly disagree with this. I think computers are a great way to connect with old friends. Research on the Internet is also faster than reading books, and there are many games on the Internet. I believe the internet is a great way to connect with old friends. Some people have moved out, and I couldn't talk at that point. Now, with the internet, I can speak again. So is my mother. She has friends from high school and college with whom she has spoken. Now, through facebook, she reunites with them. It also helps because you can email people who are interested in sending letters, unlike email, which costs money. Therefore, the internet can also be a way to save money. Sending an email to someone is also much faster than sending a letter. The internet is a great way to keep in touch with friends and relatives. I also believe that using a computer is more productive than going to the library and researching a book. If you don't have enough time to go to the library, you can do some research at home. What if you go to the library and it's closed, you've wasted some time. The internet is never closed, it's open @NUM1. If you go to the library, they are open, but is there a book on your subject? This can also be done over the internet as you can ask for anything over the internet. If you have expired library books, you can update them on the Internet. The internet is a great place to research any subject you have or do whatever you want. In the end, the computer is great for playing every game, with a feeling you'll want to play. Also @CAPS1 spends about @MONEY1 on x-box and games, you @MONTH1 only spends about @MONEY2 on games coming into your computer. There are also many sites that have games on them. Some sites are game-specific, as are many games. With only a few games interacting with other players, you can talk and make new friends. On the other hand, many games are aimed at only one player. Therefore, computers are great for gaming. In conclusion, I believe that computers are a huge need in our society. It will pay off in the long run by helping us save money, especially with the economic problems our country is facing right now. It will also allow to connect with old friends, save time, and provide entertainment for all who like it.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, Which article title is more interesting, "Local @CAPS1 wins the three-mile race" or "Local @CAPS1 wins the three-mile race in a computer game". @CAPS3, the less interesting headline is what your news will become if people keep using computers. Some of the effects of computers on people reduce the time to cheat with family and friends, and in the end, most people don't learn anything on the computer, they just play the game. As you can see, I agree that computers are a bad idea. I bet some people never thought about this, but computers can cause kids and even adults to cheat. There are websites on the internet where users just enter a question and they get an answer. @CAPS4 There is another way of cheating, copying someone else's work, paper or article to form a website. Some students can be asked to write a biography of a person, and they can just copy an essay, swap some words, and make it sound like their own essay without any guilt. The other can spend less time with family and friends, I'm watching TV and playing on the computer. Wife is very close because she spent a computer to help @CAPS4, there is always a can on the computer. Because of this show I realized that the divorce rate between parents who are sociopaths like computers is on the rise. Did you see that all computers look up facts about things in computer learning. I know I don't look for things to study when I have time to use the computer. Most people these days are less concerned with getting to know countries or people outside of themselves than with people they know. I think it's clear that no one is going to learn on a computer, otherwise they wouldn't have so many users on a gaming site. In conclusion, computers have a negative impact on everyone. So, @ORGANIZATION1 Do you want your news to be the latest divorce and computer game highscore? Or you want interesting news to keep your paper going. Thanks for taking the time to read.
Dear @CAPS1 of @ORGANIZATION1; Technology seems to have a positive impact on people. But that can be a bad thing. Computers are one of the main uses of @CAPS2, but I think we spend a lot of time on it. My reasoning is that kids and adults spend a lot of time on it, can't interact with friends or family, and you can't enjoy nature. Don't get me wrong, it's great to meet new people on the internet and learn about other places. But when can you exercise in @NUM1 hours? Sometimes you can never get out of bed because your eyes are fixed on the screen. As for food, you sit and eat junk food. You can't get a healthy meal if you eat chips and candy for hours on end. Instead of being blinded by a screen, you can ride your bike and be blinded by the sun outside. It's a great way to get in shape instead of typing and clicking on your @CAPS3. Another way to exercise (than sitting) is to go out for a run. Kids need about @NUM2 minutes of cardio, so why not run errands over the latest download? You exercise your arms and legs! I think the next reason spending too much time on the computer is bad is because you don't have time for your friends or family. Do the kids sit in front of the computer all day while your family is having fun? Plus, when you have chores to do, what happens to them? Cutlery will be dirty and your room will be messy. The most important thing is that you won't miss your friends? At this age, kids/teens should hang out with friends instead of chatting online. No one wants to invite you anywhere because they'll know you'll be on the computer. In the end, my last reason is the simplest; enjoy nature exploring the outside rather than living inside. It's good to get out and get some fresh air once in a while. Great if you haven't visited the park in a while. Hear all the birds chirping and see the trees and flowers blooming! Then take a walk or stroll in the park. You are also exercising and exploring nature. While you're at it, plant some flowers in your garden. This shows that you are buying seeds to help the environment, not buying games online. All in all, spending time on a computer is fine, just don't spend hours on it. Children will be children, and adults will be adults. So please consider having it on hand. So try to exercise, hang out with your friends and family and enjoy nature!
Dear newspaper @CAPS1, @CAPS2 has brought to my attention the computer aspect and its impact on people has been brought up. I personally feel that computers are wonderful tools for helping humanity progress. They provide unlimited knowledge, entertainment, and disregard what the other person has to say, allowing social interaction for those who don't like face-to-face interaction. My number one reason why computers benefit humans rather than hurt them is the knowledge they provide. Computers have access to the internet, which stores an almost unlimited amount of knowledge in @CAPS2. With the click of a button, you have thousands of websites dedicated to answering your question. They can provide a wealth of information that is not usually available. Take two students as an example, one with a computer does not. Both were assigned to write a report on a celebrity. A person using a computer would log any search reasons and have enough information in seconds to write a massive report. He excelled in the report and continues to use this method. He graduated first in his class, finished college, and found a high-paying job upon graduation. Those without a computer need to go to the library. After walking there for an hour, he learned that all the books about the man had been checked out. He found a book about that person and wrote about that person. He failed exams, failed grades, dropped out, and worked at @ORGANIZATION1 all his life. See how much a computer can make a difference? My second reason is that while computers are often seen as breaking @CAPS2, @CAPS3 can build social life. Millions of people use the internet every time and have established places on the web so they can talk. Some @MONTH1 think this is and caused it, but anyone with the basics doesn't know the info. The internet has it too, and those who are still unsure can use dedicated websites to talk to people they know in their lives. @CAPS2 also allows people to ask questions. Looking for specific information differently? Just post a question on the public site and someone with firsthand experience will answer @CAPS2 with all the details you need and more. Suppose someone wants to be a writer, but needs to know how the writing system works, how to set up a job in @CAPS2, what the salary is, etc. He searched the internet but found only job applications and colleges, so he asked questions on public websites. Someone who has been writing all his life checked this question and answered @CAPS2 ion in great detail. Fix the problem and @CAPS2 someone on the internet. My last reason is that entertainment computers allow you to play games, watch movies or homemade videos, and even chat with friends. Computers allow you to access thousands of free services for your benefit. Sitting in your room, bored? Why not play games on your computer. Tired of @CAPS4.V movies? Going to have an unlimited wideo library in front of a computer? Go to your computer and have an unlimited video library in your dipasle. Lonely? Visit social networking sites and start a conversation. @CAPS2 has unlimited fun at your fingertips. In conclusion, I believe that compkuters have no limit to what you can do with a computer as long as you are imaginative. Computers were invented to benefit, not harm, humans, and they do it well.
Do you love learning about faraway exotic lands and animals? Are you good at sports but want to get better? Do you miss your family living in other states? Computers can help you with all of these problems, but is @CAPS1 bad for you too? In my opinion, both children and adults should use computers. When people are on the computer, they can learn about interesting distant lands. While you're on your computer, you can look up some natural disasters. For example, one can google every earthquake and learn all about the people who lost their lives. People say they will donate some money to the poor. Children live alone. They can also learn about all the wonderful lands waiting to be explored. Everyone I know loves beautiful birds and animals. In their world, they would be able to do it on a computer. This could be more. Having a computer also allows you to talk to people who are not easily accessible. With computers, people can talk to family members who live in other states. I have an uncle who lives in @LOCATION1. I can only see him because there is a lot of money to come. Somewhere on the computer, @CAPS1 could easily send him a message telling him what I was doing. Using a computer, you will be able to talk to friends who cannot talk on the phone. For example, what if your friend doesn't. She can't call because then what do you do. This will help you. The last reason we should have computers. If you let @MONTH1 for a while then @CAPS1 will help you with hand-eye coordination. This will help the kids who play baseball. They'll always know where the ball is, and they'll most likely catch it more often, so a little video game isn't bad, except for one. Is it better to use a computer @CAPS1 or not use a computer to help people interact with barbarians who are easy to talk to. So @CAPS1 You can now use your computer to get up and use @CAPS1.
@CAPS8 More and more technologies are being invented and people use computers to work and learn. But more time on the computer isn't necessarily a good thing. People don't exercise enough, have eyestrain, and have less interaction with real people. One reason why computers negatively affect people is that they no longer get enough exercise. Take my friend @CAPS1 for example. He is a triathlete and trains every day so he can be the @CAPS2 @CAPS3-@CAPS4 guy for @LOCATION1 next @DATE1. But then he got his computer. @CAPS1 suddenly lost interest in sports and spent the day checking email instead of training. But he's not the only one who has become unhealthy because of his computer. Experts say @CAPS5 with a computer at home can only get @PERCENT1 for @CAPS5's practice without a computer. In a study conducted by @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS5 who use computers are also more likely to be overweight and choose potato chips over apples. @PERSON1, who led the research, said @CAPS5 was taught by society that computers can do such wonderful things and educate them. However, they're not taught how bad it can be for your health to use too much. "@CAPS6, computers are a problem for our health. Another reason computers are a problem is because they strain your eyes. Come chat with us when my school has a disabled person @DATE1, a name Blind woman named @PERSON5 lost her sight because of workaholic and spending too much time on her laptop, but she is not the only one who is blinded by computer. Scientists at @CAPS7 lab in @LOCATION2 say @NUM2 @NUM1 of the average computer user lost their sight in two years. One of the scientists, @PERSON3 reports: "@CAPS8 More and more people are using computers, and more are seriously injuring their eyes or even losing their sight. . We estimate that the next generation of @PERCENT2 will be legally blind by the age of @NUM3. "@CAPS9, this new technology is bad and very bad for our eyesight. The third reason people shouldn't use computers is because they don't interact with real people anymore. My uncle @PERSON4, lives in @LOCATION3. We used to have time to time Meet up and talk on the phone about once a week. That is, until he discovered chat rooms and virtual worlds on the internet. Now, I hardly see him or speak to him on @DATE1 because he is on the computer Created a new family and pretended he was the dragon fighting on @CAPS10 and online games @CAPS10 @CAPS11 all day long. But he's not the only one with this problem. It turns out that among those who enter such games or chat rooms There's @PERCENT3 losing interest in friends and family and their social skills getting worse. @PERSON2 prof what's the impact @CAPS5. "Too many @CAPS5 are learning about these sites and getting addicted. They no longer care about school, sports, or even their friends. too frightening! "@CAPS12 After learning how bad computers are for you and your @CAPS5, you may have to use computers! Computers only bring grief to humans. They are extremely dangerous to our health. They cause us to stop exercising and increase Weight, permanently damages our eyes, and robs us all of the proper socialization we all need to be happy and healthy. This is what you and future generations want. @ CAPS12?
Computers are very popular now. Many people use computers for research, work, shopping, homework, and more. Although, some people believe that computers take up too much of our time and that it prevents society from interacting with friends and family. The great thing about computers is that you can chat online with your friends and family and even video chat with them. So, you never really shy away from your friends and family. Another great thing about computers is that you can research anything you need, such as projects, work, homework, and school stuff to name a few. The top site people use to get resources is @CAPS1.com @LOCATION1. etc. Computers are also great for printing reports, making slideshows for work and projects, and more! Anything you can think of is very likely to be found in a computer. Because, as you can see, computers are very useful and a great resource. Having a computer at home is much better than taking a trip to the public library, saving the time and money of all those trips and having your own personal library instead of buying a computer. You never know what new technology will bring.
Everyone will agree that using a computer is also a good option because you do meet people you don't know. You also learn more that you didn't know. Not only that, but you can also learn more about the technology. Most people would say it's good to meet people because you can enjoy talking and meeting people. Also, people want to learn about other people's cultures. Some people want to know something personal, commercial about people. Even people wonder where some people come from. people like to know
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 to @PERSON2 of @ORGANIZATION1, "The computer helped me further my @CAPS6 research. I can search a lot to help patients and keep all @CAPS6 important information organized." @CAPS3 You question a lead doctor? I agree with @PERSON3 and say that computers are useful in today's society. People have become lazy because of TV. You can't smear it on a computer. With sites like @CAPS4 and @CAPS5, people can stay connected. They can plan each other for a walk or dance in the park. These are the things that keep people healthy, active, and at their best. Computers help people stay in touch with others. "@CAPS6 patients can email me to schedule an appointment and if they think they have a problem, let me come now." Said @PERSON1. Using a computer, you can email family and friends far away to know more quickly if there is a problem. If someone calls during a crisis, most people tend not to answer the phone. You also don't have to worry about increasing your phone bill. You can just use @CAPS4 to chat with the buds instead of spending an hour. You can learn more information faster. How would @CAPS3 feel if no one called to tell you your best friend died or your mom and you had to read the newspaper to find out? You will be very frustrated. I know I @CAPS3 use email so you and your family can keep in touch with old, new and current friends. So if anything bad happens and a person doesn't know what to tell you, they can email you. It's a lot easier than emailing them over the phone to tell someone their mom died. Hearing pain in someone's voice makes you want to cry. You feel their pain. So, do you now understand the enormous benefits of computers to today's society? You can't blame computers for people being lazy, because TV is already doing it. If a person wants to be lazy, that's their decision. You shouldn't go around blaming people and things when it's not someone else's fault but that person's fault. It's a great way to keep in touch with others. Also, think about all the information you can learn. Not just about family and friends, but the whole world. Thanks for taking the time to read the @CAPS6 article, I hope you see things the way @CAPS6 does.
One night @CAPS1 I got home from school and I didn't know what homework I had to do. I decided to call my friend's cell phone, but I got her voicemail. I left her a voicemail and called her home number and the same thing happened. Fortunately, I have numbers that other friends can use. The next day, I asked her why she didn't answer her cell phone and home phone. She told me "Sorry, I think I'm too busy emailing other people on the computer." @CAPS1 I think people use computers too much, I think they don't get enough exercise, enjoy nature, spend time with family and Friends spend less time together. First of all @CAPS1 People spend too much time on the computer, they spend less time exercising. There are people around @PERCENT1 doing this, which is not healthy. @CAPS2 People do this a lot, then they won't get enough exercise, and if they don't, they won't be healthy @CAPS1, they'll grow old. @CAPS3 @PERSON1 said "@CAPS2 adults spend too much time on the computer, maybe @NUM1 hours or more a day, while eating junk food like chips and soda, they don't set a good example for their kids. @CAPS2 Adults get into this bad habit, so will their kids, it's too early for kids to be unhealthy." I also agree with @CAPS3 @PERSON1 that she's right about how people spend too much time on computers. Second, @CAPS1 people are on their computers like their faces are glued to the screen, they don't care about nature, @CAPS1 people do this, I can't stand it. Like they don't care about anything else. What I don't understand is why can't they go out and do something for at least half an hour and then go back to the computer to waste time? It is peaceful to be out and enjoy nature on sunny clay. You can go on a picnic, hike, or even hang out with friends instead of playing on the computer. I know @CAPS2 is a bad day, like @CAPS2 it snows or thunderstorms, you can't do anything outside and then you go to the computer. I think at least @PERCENT2 folks will try this. Third, @CAPS2 people are too busy on the computer, they won't be able to hang out with friends or family. @CAPS2 Your friends want to hang out with you, they want to go to the mall. But you can't make her mad at you just because you're on the computer. You chose the computer instead of your friend to go to the mall. @PERCENT1 Probably she will never talk to you again. I don't blame her. People who spend a lot of time on the computer will hardly understand what's going on. @CAPS2 Someone told you something, it goes from one ear to the other. @CAPS1 People do it and it's really disappointing because you don't feel like hanging out with your friends and family. As you can see, people spend more time on the computer than exercising, enjoying nature, and spending time with family and friends. @CAPS2 You asked me, it's a good thing I don't play computers much.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 Nice to see your debate on whether computers are good or bad for human society. Well, if it's good for you, I'd like to express my opinion. In my letter @CAPS2 will tell the bad things about computers and why it's not good for society. Well, I don't think computers are good for society because you're not exercising like you used to. I can say it's a fact because I used to work out and then a computer game came along and I spent NUM1 hours a day playing it my life. Plus, I know a lot of people who feel the same way. Computers are like addictions. I say this because once you hit the power button, you can't get out of the car. All the commuter sites are so hard to get off, you don't log off so quickly because games are starting to play there. They have different websites that play funny videos. Like once you find it, you click on a thing, so when you look at you on something else. Don't get me wrong, you can see and talk to family members you can't see, but you don't have time to go to the park and have fun and enjoy nature like you're looking up. I don't think we should re-use computers, but we should spend the least, as we all know. I know people get upset by what I say, but as a society we are all addicted to computers. Every one you look has a computer. I'm leaving a no you will choose computer or life?
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, the use of advanced computers has increased. You don't see children outside very often. In the news, you've heard about obesity. You heard the crime rate has gone up. It's not good for society. Computers have negative effects on people. Does your neighbor seem to have the kids locked up? Not because they died! They are always on their computer now. I know a thirteen year old named @ORGANIZATION1. She even admits that being on the computer is better than being out with friends. Meeting people through technology, especially for miners, is a huge risk. You don't know this person. Soon you will have no friends in your social life. You will be an outsider. For @PERSON3, her family doesn't even know who she is anymore. Do you want your child to be an outsider? Being in front of the computer all the time is like being in a fast food restaurant. You don't exercise, all you do is eat and talk, but now all you do is eat and computer. I met an obese child. @PERSON2. He weighed three hundred pounds when he was fourteen. An eighth grader, can you believe it? He told me he had a laptop on his lap and was surrounded by junk food. He never exercises or rests. His transcript is incredible. He used to be a student at @CAPS3. Now he's in the junkyard. @PERSON2 doesn't listen to his mom at all. @PERSON1, @ORGANIZATION2, Mom said "He locked himself in the room, walked straight to his laptop and started eating. You could even hear him chewing on junk food." We wonder why our kids get fat there. It used to be about work, but now it's about the people you meet on the computer. Myspace, Facebook, Twitter, you name it, just the way crime rates are increasing right now. The people behind these photos and profile @MONTH1 are not what you might think. Especially miners who lie about their age. They are the ones who fall in love with those perverted old men. This is one way our sex offenders solve the problem. They can use someone's name and be at a disadvantage. They tell these young girls where to go to meet them and this is how our young girls and boys are kidnapped, beaten and ultimately killed. A computer has millions of ways that criminals can commit crimes. Do you want your child to be next? Today, computers are used in the wrong way by the wrong people. The children will never go out again. They are getting fat. This is one way they were kidnapped. This is not allowed. Get your kids away from their laptops now! Go to a fun place for a family vacation. Do not let these sick people approach you or your children. Take action now!
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2: Computers are bad for people because they are so addicted, computers are a dangerous site, their brains are smarter than @CAPS5, @ORGANIZATION1, they are so addicted because @MONTH1's computer One good thing is that you can go online, but you will be addicted to it. For example, youtube is an internet site with about @NUM1 people continuing to get on and barely getting off. People don't turn off their computers to work out, they just sit there staring at @CAPS5 and messing up their vision. These people need to learn to have the willpower to get out of @CAPS5. Second, @CAPS5 is a dangerous site because some people in @LOCATION1 give @CAPS3 on @CAPS5 to people they don't know. Pretty much @PERCENT2's teens have been kidnapped for giving @CAPS3 access to strangers, and the @PERCENT3 of these teens have gone undetected. @CAPS5 is also where kids or teens @MONTH1 are cyberbullied. Cyberbullying is the harassment of children or teens on the internet, when children under the age of @NUM2 or over are cyberbullied, they sometimes suffer from depression and don't tell their parents. Six months ago, at my former @CAPS4, there was a volunteer on my @CAPS4 talking about cyberbullying and how he became so frustrated by the harassment that he committed suicide. @CAPS5 is not always a safe place. Finally, your brain is smarter than @CAPS5. People have the ability to rely more on their brains than their computers because your brain is like a computer. There are people around @PERCENT1 who use their brains more often than computers and have been successful all their lives. The brain is like @CAPS5 because you can store information and no one can hack into it. So computers have bad effects on people because they are addicted, @CAPS5 is a dangerous site, your brain is smarter than @CAPS5.
Dear Society, @CAPS1 Don't you have a computer at home? Work? What if we take your computer away? How will you work? These are essential questions. The computers of our time help us with our day-to-day tasks. First, they teach hand-eye coordination. Second, they allow us to learn and communicate with distant places. Finally, they allow people to communicate quickly via email or @CAPS2. What would happen to @CAPS6 if those experts took our computers. Americans @PERCENT1 own a computer or cell phone with internet access. These people have hand-eye coordination, so they use technology a lot. People who use computers at work can multitask. Second, modern computers are a huge necessity. Third, people who are still in school have to write papers and give reports, but they do not have computers. How will they do this? @CAPS6 about what society would look like. Let's imagine. Facebook, @CAPS3, @CAPS4. These are all sites that have chats that people can communicate with. Take it away. Just wait and see. We only have phones, what if @CAPS1 doesn't know some mobile numbers? Cannot run on non-existing computer. Consider all of this. Maybe computers prevent us from communicating face-to-face, but it's a universal necessity. We need to be able to quickly ask someone a question. Phones and calls are not as fast as @CAPS2. Do you really want to be the one who takes it away? @CAPS6, @CAPS6 about what you're trying to do. Consider this letter. what are you up to? These computers help in everyday life. From school to work, just for fun. Computers help teach hand-eye coordination, enabling people to understand people and distant places. Third, they allow people to communicate, so go ahead and take that away, but see what happens when you do.
I think it's going to spend a lot of time on the computer since all my friends are @CAPS2 all day and I think people should get active and go to different parts of the world like swimming pools, just in case. I think they made a program where people come and go and forget about computers For me computers are fine but you can't spend a lot of time @CAPS2 like try to spend more time outdoors with your family or friends body. The problem is not only with computers, there are a lot of technologies like xbos - @NUM1 - @NUM2 - video games like xbox - @NUM3 and more and you can play @NUM4 a week like @NUM5 hours because there Lots of activities you and your family can do outdoors I'll wake up in the park, or ride a bike around town with you and pick @CAPS1 It's hot and nice outside. Knowing that @DATE1 is coming up or you can do a lot of things like @CAPS1 you don't have money you can go to the park or the beach for a day and what does my family do when it's good outside check the weather and se @CAPS1 @CAPS2 very Good - good outside and @CAPS1 will get up and go to the store, will use the hamburger soda tray and other stuff, then will go to the pool lake to spend the day playing and eating. My point is that people will spend more time outdoors with Fred and family @CAPS2 but I think you should try @CAPS2 and @CAPS1 you don't like @CAPS2 go in they will help you and a lot @CAPS3 write this Go out and enjoy because I want people to be discovered now, because life is only once, so enjoy @CAPS2, happy times and good times Don't speed up @CAPS2 like @CAPS2 crying and sad like it's you in this The last day of the world.
Dear @CAPS1 Town. As you know, computers are a part of our lives, but is it a positive or a negative? A computer can be a great thing, it can show you different parts of the world and breaking news, it can help you on your next vacation. It helps you talk to family and friends. What would life be like without them? Life without a computer can be bad. Computers do have a negative side, always like to spend a lot of money on one. It needs to be fixed. People can use computers as often as they want to exercise. This can lead to obesity. You can also waist a lot of energy. A bad part of the internet is chat rooms, if you are talking to the wrong people then you can get in trouble. Overall, computers are a key part of us, they help us with our next @DATE1 rest trip, and they use them by making us fat.
Many people think that computers are bad or that we spend less time outdoors because of it. However, are they as harmful for personal use as people say. Moderation helps in this case. What do you think of when you think of computers. game? Social @CAPS1? What if computers could do more? Last year, a computer helped diagnose my concussion and helped me figure out that I still have @NUM1 people. Not to mention that computers can do things faster and more efficiently than the average human being. One expert said: "Computers can diagnose anything, not just concussions, @PERCENT1 is better than a doctor." There is a positive aspect to the @CAPS2 social network. This reconnects people who haven't seen each other for a long time and become good friends again. There are always negatives on the positive side. Computers have begun to make children fat. This is the problem of this country because if we become lazy then we may destroy our country. Also, if we become dependent on computers @NUM2 diagnostics, what happens when they fail? These are very real problems and have not been solved. Computers are going to be a bad thing if we can't deal with these problems in the first place. Finally, moderation can be very helpful to us today. For example, instead of using social @CAPS1 for the friend next door, go outside and play waffle with them. Social @CAPS1 is about reconnecting with friends far away, not across the street. @CAPS2, rather than relying solely on the computer to diagnose the problem, let them and the doctor figure it out. Doing this will give good results and prepare the doctor if the computer isn't working. These are just one example of how moderation can be very helpful for everyone. In conclusion, not having computers is a bad idea because of how helpful they are to society. Although, it's a bad idea to rely entirely on them because they don't do them much good.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1...rolling...@CAPS1. "@CAPS2 Did you know that only male coquis are the only coquis that can sing?" Some facts are easy to find online? Computers have made research easier to imagine without having to drag those giant books home and constantly look up information in them. First, the computer teaches hand-eye coordination. Second, we can learn about distant places. Finally, we can make friends from all over the world. When, the ball flies straight out of the part! Plastic objects (computers) with screens teach us hand-eye coordination. It teaches us this by keeping our eyes on the screen and our hands on the hard, smooth keyboard. Children need hand-eye coordination in ball sports such as baseball, basketball, and soccer. When you're in high school and athletic, you @MONTH1 get a scholarship to go to college. College is important because it plays an important role in our lives, so we @MONTH1 get great jobs. It's fun to learn about faraway places like @LOCATION1, @LOCATION2, and more. Unless, you know it by looking boring. The internet has taken over us, and has taken over us relentlessly without hesitation. It takes less time to go online than to go to the library and come back. Also, it's much simpler to browse segment by segment on a computer.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 personal opinion on computer technology is that it is very bad for you, we need to take precautions and worry about eye protection harmful and dangerous people on @CAPS2. It is important to protect your eyes. While the computer hurts them, the screen is so bright that it hurts your eyes. Also, if you look for too long, it can stratify them. I can tell you from personal experience that glasses aren't cool, some people get nitpicked for it, and if your eye hurts, then you can see like you used to, which can happen. It's glasses, even blindness. Vertical harassment is another thing to watch out for. On @CAPS2, you may be cyberbullied by kids @MONTH1 or @MONTH1 don't know. For example, one day you might be on @CAPS3 and talking in a chat room, and kids might have sex, homophobia, or even just a simple remake. The witch brought me to sexual harassment. Sexual harassment, when extreme, often makes people feel bad. Kids take pride in calling someone a bad name because they have a race, a gender, or even a gender they like. So be extra careful when you see sexual harassment. Sexual triggers are the biggest fear parents have for their children. Sexual offenders are everywhere, @CAPS4, @CAPS5, @CAPS3, even your neighbors and mischievous kids are running around town looking and acting very unsafely there. That's why @CAPS7 puts any personal information on @CAPS2, not your address, not your birthday, not your mobile phone or house number, not even your town. Entering your last name is also a bit dangerous at times. So be very careful on the internet. When you see sexual harassment or someone is being followed by a sexual predator, please report it! and is safe.
Dear newspaper, I firmly believe that computers do not benefit society. I believe this is because you spend less time exercising on the computer. Second, computers allow time to enjoy nature. Lastly, interacting with family and friends is important when you don't have much to do on your computer. Read on to find out what I think about computers. There is some drop in using the computer, but @CAPS1 is the lack of exercise on the computer. As you @MONTH1 know, many countries are becoming obese due to lack of exercise. Computers don't help with this problem. The only things you can exercise your computer are your hands and fingers, but even that sucks because if you type and type on a computer for too long, your fingers and hands can get bitten. Health expert @PERSON1 said: "@CAPS1 out of three people use computer for more than @CAPS1 hour a day which can lead to obesity. Which leads me to my next paragraph. Not enjoying the outdoors while on computer. Enjoying nature is for every man or women. It's impossible to enjoy nature on the computer because all computers are a time-consuming brainwashing thing. Nature helps save the brain. Without it, you'd be very tired all the time Do your best. Did you know that @PERCENT1's kids go out every day, which means @PERCENT2's kids are next to the computer. This leads me to my final thread. Computers @MONTH1 has some sites where you can chat with friends, but no What better place than seeing them in person. Your family is important so you need to spend time with them. My family always does things together like board games etc. With a computer you don't have time to spend time with them The family is together because everyone will play games on the computer s insted to spend time with your family. In my conclusion, the computer has a very bad effect on society because it consumes time for exercise and also Limiting the time to enjoy nature and in the end people spend too much time on the computer and too little time interacting with family and friends thank you for reading me about the impact of many computers
Dear: @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3â€¦. My name is @PERSON1 and I am concerned that people around the world are using computers too much during the day. Some computers are bad because there is a glitch in the computer, everyone has a myspace, myspaces has a virus, it leaves a virus in your computer, and your computer shuts down or slows down. People can also hack your computer without you finding out, and everything on your computer can spread around the world. People can know your most confidential information and more. In the end, you could get caught sneaking a movie on your computer and go to jail and your business will be wiped out.
Dear @CAPS1, computers do have an impact on society. Some people think they have a good impact, while others think the opposite. I believe they are a good thing in our lives and have a huge but huge impact. Some of the things that support my point are that computers basically help us keep in touch with people, they make it very easy to find the information we need, and they make our school life faster and easier. First, computers are pretty much how people stay connected. You can stay connected from your computer in a number of ways. There are video chat, email, and chat sites like @CAPS2, @CAPS3, @CAPS4, etc. There are a lot of people who really like being able to keep in touch this way. It's a step up from talking on the phone. If you're chatting on your computer, you can not only chat with them, but see them too! When it comes to chat sites like @CAPS2, there are millions of people who belong to this incredible site and love it. Kids and adults really love being exposed to stuff like this. For me, since I moved to @STATE1 and had to leave all my friends behind, the computer saved some of my relationships that I thought I would lose but don't want to lose. I can email my friends and even see what they're like and how they've changed on @CAPS2. The computer is a very useful technology and it has helped me, and many others, to keep in touch. Another great reason why computers are a great technical item is because they make it so easy to find the information you need. From the meaning of words to directions to @LOCATION1, computers can help. I talked to my mom, she said. "The computer just made it so easy for @CAPS6 to know everything I needed to know about your brother's diabetes." @CAPS6 The information in the book can take a long time. You have to go to the library or bookstore, find the book you need and provide the correct information, and then you have to read through the entire book to find the information you need. On a computer, you can google what you need to find, read articles or maps, etc. Computers make @CAPS6 information a breeze and everyone loves the simplicity! A final reason for my point is that computers have made our school life faster and easier to deal with. In school, sometimes we need to write a very long essay and it takes a long time to finish it. Using a computer, it can take about half the time to enter a composition to write a composition. I surveyed three kids who wrote essays and three kids who wrote essays. I asked each child how long it took. The kids who wrote the paper said it took them about two hours. The kids who typed the composition said it took them about an hour. Also, they are often easier to read when typing, which makes it easier for teachers to grade and doesn't take long. Computers make learning easier for students and teachers. The idea that computers are not good for society is unjustified. Yes, I know there may be some downsides. But think about all the pros and cons. There are more good things than bad things. Without computers, people are under extreme stress and it's hard to make life easier. Computers have brought amazing benefits to society. Everyone should agree on this because people are connected because of computers, computers make it so easy to find the information you need, and they make our school life easier and faster for students and teachers. Computers have had a huge impact, changing the way we live for the better!
Dear local paper, I am worried because a lot of people have been using computers lately. My concern is that they don't exercise regularly, they don't enjoy nature, they don't spend much time with their families. It's not the positive way they live. In my opinion, exercise is a very, very, very important thing. This is because you need to eat a healthy diet to stay healthy, and you need to exercise. Some people I know don't exercise, they're either overweight or unhealthy. As they say, people are "busy" and use the computer for all their work because they just don't like the old fashion way of going to your work and doing your work. Now everything is different and people are becoming more lazy than ever. Will people become lazy without computers? Of course they don't. They will live happy and healthy lives. Now, people rarely go out and explore the world, they just go online and google a place. Although they didn't see the real thing. They see pictures and everyone knows it's much better to see the real thing than to see pictures. But I think everyone forgets that. Computers keep everything online, it's no wonder people don't want to leave their homes, and if they do, don't worry they have a laptop. Computers are even portable, and wherever they go, they will still be online. People also have less time with their families because they can chat with them online in chat rooms. It's not a good thing because if you're talking to your "mom", at least you think it's your mom, but it's actually someone else, you're talking about yours, I don't know, something private, another That person on the computer, "your mom", will know about it and possibly cause you trouble. Do you know what I mean? It's like you're talking about your credit card, and that person asks you for your credit card number, you give it to them, and then they might cause problems. Online is a safe place, which is why you should talk in person rather than in a chat room. I hope you take my letter from the newspaper to people to exercise, to see nature, to be with people and family like when they don't have a computer around.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 people use the internet. Too @CAPS2 leads to lack or exercise. Others play games online. Some people are afraid of online chat rooms. They weren't safe, and some were actually injured or murdered. Exercise is important @CAPS2 People make that Bobby. This is very dangerous because your cholesterol will go up. You will get waiting, which can lower your self-esteem. Others kill themselves because of their looks, no one wants that. It's sad for everyone and not worth it. Online video games are a lot of fun. But people will kill for these games. Not to mention online games. Online chat rooms are very dangerous, you never know who you are writing to. Millions of people lost their lives for saying the wrong thing. Others were raped or molested by these strangers. Thousands of children were given addresses there and robbed. There are weird, crazy or suicidal people in the world. So don't make yourself a tragedy. I personally disagree with all computer use. So @CAPS2 can happen if you do something wrong. So I hope you understand and agree with my reasoning.
My take on the impact of computers is that most people in the world spend most of their time sitting at a computer day in and day out. If someone I know is on the computer all day, I tell him or her that he or she should get out for some fresh air and exercise. Sometimes the only way to get in touch with them is to talk to them on a computer. While computers can help by finding important artifacts or important information about medical programs, tutorials on how to repair, make or build things, and meeting new people, computers can also be a dangerous place to meet someone who is lying about their age , that person may rape or murder/kill you. If you spend 24:7 at your computer, you can become paralyzed or suffer from lumf ophemia due to lack of exercise, when your body is as unfit for exercise as a pear and needs special treatment. Like Massogis. A computer can also be good because it can help you with hand-eye coordination by using the stillness that some people use a computer: videos, videos, and websites. You can have your PC uninstall Mass. Computers in some systems may be connected to computers, such as @CAPS1 @NUM1 @CAPS2. There are games called computer games, and some computer games are played with children to teach them how to write, read, spell and pronounce words. There are also special computers and/or websites where you can search for tutorials in different languages. There are also websites where you can search for tutorials on playing an instrument. Some people use computers to fill the void in their bodies instead of eating. Some people treat the computer as rubbish like they are addicted to it. Imagine a person who is addicted to computers, wherever he/she goes, they carry their laptop with them. Many people die from using a computer, but that's because they overuse it. People are buying computers every day, and over time, this invention has been very helpful, and scientists are making new things to save lives.
Dear @LOCATION2, @CAPS1, your workers woke up at @TIME1 stretching their right muscles and donning their plush slippers. They want to know about the hail and open their @CAPS2 book air to check today's weather. They continue to use @ORGANIZATION1, @NUM1, etc. to check emails from work friends and family. They check the time at the bottom of the laptop screen and start playing something they're getting ready. Today's society relies heavily on computers and the networks they keep us all connected... The technological advancements happening today are wrong, people are now using computers to help them with their jobs. However, some @MONTH1 say it's because of the amount of money spent on the computer and it stops with friends, but it does help with the computer's typing skills, helps with quick endings easy and helps with friends and @NUM2. Through @NUM2 @CAPS3, @CAPS4, etc. I believe that computers have a positive impact on people and have contributed a lot to society in the past. First, computers help @CAPS6, children and even adults master typing skills. Statistics show that more and more computer jobs and hiring people with higher word per minute skills, almost @PERCENT1 take a new computer and use a computer to store information to their company, a computer is a necessity to understand computers and become able to type. Also, @CAPS6 relies on computers for research these days to complete projects and information, and I can connect to this in person because, as a student at @LOCATION1 school, I am assigned projects that involve entering words and/or information. How I will handle all my work and information. @CAPS1 Multiple @CAPS6 are assigned to the same project, no @CAPS6 to check to see @CAPS5 no computer available, what should I do? For @CAPS6, computers and a great thing. Plus, @CAPS6 even adults enjoy social time, but @CAPS1's friends are far away or you can't access three, PC connections are handy PCs help keep friends and family connected via @CAPS3, @CAPS8, @ORGANIZATION1/or @NUM1 , IM / @PERSON1 and webcam video chat. For @CAPS5, all this computer-related stuff doesn't exist because there are no computers. Don't you want to be disconnected from your family? Is socializing a key part of being? Why shouldn't we keep them? Why do all these positive things about computers make you doubt them? It's a wonderful thing in a computer. He wants to develop typing skills, help and ease, and help keep in touch with his family. Computers will only affect people in good ways and make everyday life easier. So, believing that computers are a great thing, without them, even just talking to your family can be intimidating. let's keep the computer
Dear @CAPS1, people keep saying computers are not good, but they are wrong. In my opinion, computers are very beneficial. Computers teach hand-eye coordination, enabling people to understand other people and distant places, as well as use the Internet to interact with friends and family. Computers are very useful and efficient for anyone. Did you know that computers can teach hand-eye coordinates? Some computers have programs that teach you how to type. No need to lock the keyboard. Even if people don't have the program, they can learn how to enter facts without having to put their heads down. Many people I know have learned how to use a computer or type without anyone telling them the time to do so. The world needs computers badly. Computers enable people to learn about other people and places. If you go online, you can go and search for people or places and the computer will find it for you. Children and adults need computers because, for example, if a child gets a project from school that needs to be done about celebrities or smoking. She most likely needs to be online. This game is suitable for adults who like to work in the office, school or anywhere else. Computers are essential to people all over the world. Computers can be used to communicate with each other. People use computers to communicate with distant friends or family members. They can communicate via email, @CAPS2, video or even other websites. Some sites include the ability to chat with each other via video or message, such as @CAPS3 or @CAPS4. People love to use a computer because it's so useful when you need it most. If you ask anyone, they will tell you that having a computer is very important and necessary. Why would people intend to take away something as important and useful as a computer? Computers can be used to learn hand-eye coordination and help you move your fingers faster. They give people and places in the world. Finally, they can be used to communicate with each other via email, messages, and many other means. In my opinion, a computer is one of the most important things a person has.
Dear newspaper, have you noticed that more and more people are becoming overweight these days? Well, it's true. People say it's because of eating a lot of fast food, but I think because we're always on the computer and not overdoing it helps it. Also, with the advancement of technology, people cannot go out and enjoy the beautiful nature. Sitting in front of a computer doesn't help our environment. In the end, kids aren't going out to interact with friends and family because technology has enabled us to communicate without leaving home. @CAPS1 Not that we should downgrade our technology, but we need to find a way to limit it. First, technology has played a role in increasing obesity rates. Some @MONTH1 say people choose not to exercise, but if we limit things then they don't have to choose. As a kid, I loved being on the computer. My parents always wanted to take the computer for a walk with the dog and I always said "@CAPS1 is busy" @CAPS2 It's true, I don't really like going out because I have a computer to play games or chat with friends, honestly, Exercise seems important to me, but I don't because I'm always on the computer. I think other people might feel that way, so that's why we need to limit computers. Second, global warming is happening and people would rather stay in their computers than go out and enjoy nature. @CAPS2, you @MONTH1 can find a way to stop global warming, but does that mean you actually do it? Some @MONTH1 not because they can just stay on the computer and stay "@CAPS3" to help another thing, but when we use the computer, we use electricity, which contributes to global warming, so we limit The use of computers allows people to enjoy nature instead of destroying it. Finally, internet sites like myspace, @CAPS4, @CAPS5 allow us to communicate with friends and family, but we still cannot go out and interact with them. When we go out and interact with our friends, we get messages like communicating teamwork and respecting friends and family, and they can teach you that with a computer that they can't. Also interact with your family and friends @MONTH1, allowing you to enter new places you've never been before, and on computers you couldn't get there. Interacting with friends and family is better than talking on a computer. In conclusion, if we stay on the computer, then we will not be able to enjoy nature or interact with our friends. So we need to take action now to limit computing usage!
Dear newspaper @CAPS1, I think people are spending too much time on computers these days. They get less exercise. Don't enjoy the nature around them, nor can they interact with family and friends! If people stopped spending so much time on the computer, they wouldn't have too many problems. People need to spend less time on the computer and more time exercising! Computers in the world don't interact much with any part of your body except your hands. You don't want to get up or do anything when you're on the computer, right? Then this needs to change. Often, people get cranky when they're using a computer or when they need to get away from it. Some people are so obsessed they might even break down and fit! Nobody wants to see someone throw a tantrum because they have to get off the computer, right? If they don't do any workouts when you're not on the computer, it shows for sure. Jimmy @CAPS2 syas, "@CAPS3 @NUM1 The kids are playing too much on their computers! They never get out of their room and if they ever do then they are usually very cranky. They get fat!" I can say it's because they only eat junk food. It takes "@CAPS4 can't even have a little time with his kids. They should go on a family trip and enjoy together! This brings us to the next question. We all need to enjoy nature more. When yours. It's because the kids are too lazy to get rid of their laziness and go out. The best thing about nature is that if you need solitude, or even just access, nature is always there for you when you need it. You can also go out of town with your friends and family! I'm sure they'll appreciate people getting away from the computer to spend quality time together. Again, our next and final question. Computer-obsessed teens and adults need to be with family and friends. When talking to friends, why talk to them on the computer when you can get together and do something fun? Plus, when you spend time with your family, it brings them closer to the toys. No one likes not talking to your loved ones and people who reacquaint you. When you're on the computer, I think of all the places you can go, all the places you can go. No one wants to stay away from their friends and family. Therefore, people should turn off their computers, exercise, be close to nature, and spend quality time with friends and family. thanks
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 you @MONTH1 know, @CAPS2 people are starting to buy and own computers. Some experts say it's a bad thing and we should spend more time outdoors. I disagree with this statement. First, computers help us get through every day. We check the news on our computers, some people even use their computers @CAPS1 a @CAPS3 and watch important shows. Second, computers are a great way to communicate. @CAPS10 Its friends, family and even businesses, computers are a great way to communicate. Finally, when it comes to school or work, computers are helpful. You can write a paper on a computer, for example read on to find out how I support my reasoning why computers help people's lives. Have you ever seen something in the news that you want to know more about? Well, @CAPS10 you have a computer and you can go online to news sites to read more. This is just one way in which computers come in handy in everyday life, and there are many more. Another way is @CAPS10, you don't have @CAPS3, you can watch your favorite shows on your computer. My English teacher @PERSON1 said "I've never had @CAPS3, I only watch @CAPS3 on my computer and I like it better" In fact, @PERCENT1 watching videos on computer likes it more than @CAPS3. This is how computers come in handy in everyday life. I love how computers communicate using @CAPS2. I love it because I have @CAPS2 relatives who live far away and I use my computer to communicate with them from time to time. Skype is my favorite and I can see people from @CAPS8 talking to them at the same time. Also, computers are good for business for large companies that need to communicate abroad. I'm sure, as an amazing newspaper company, you have a simple way to communicate. Finally, communicate with friends. These are @CAPS2 programs, @CAPS9 @CAPS1 facebook and myspace. That's why computers are a great way to communicate. Finally, computers can be used for school and work. You can type papers or news articles on your computer. It is much faster than writing. Also, @CAPS10, you need more information about something, you can look it up online. Like @CAPS10 you're writing an article about dolphins and you can learn more about them. All in all, I think computers are good things. They help with everyday life and they facilitate communication. Finally, they help at school or at work.
Don't you agree that we need computers in our lives? I will, we need computers for a lot of things, like we need computers to communicate, we also need them to educate ourselves and others. Next this is good for both buyers and sellers. I agree that the first reason computers are good for society is because of communication. Now, with all our new technologies, many people use computers to communicate with friends or family. For example, if you have a relative in the military, you can use your computer to communicate with him via webcam. Computers can be a great way to talk and ask friends about your @MONTH1 missed homework as if you were absent. You can also use your computer to communicate with the person who sold your @MONTH1, or you can email the product owner to get more details about the product. My second reason is education. Many college students now work at @MONTH1 and don't have time for school, so they can take online courses with the help of computers. It may be more for some students that they can study on the computer instead of in class all day, so they may understand the subject better. Just like science, for example when doing a lab, you can do research With computers, students can learn more because they have textbooks, or nothing, and if they are interested in a topic, they can study it and teach themselves. My third reason is to buy and sell products. Many people around the world buy or sell products on the Internet. Just like ebay, it's a site that many people use to make money and others can buy them. So computers can be a great solution for making money and saving gas because people can order products online and have them shipped there instead of driving from communication, education and buying and selling products that I told you about @CAPS1 hope You agree with me that computers are really good for society
Dear local newspaper editor, @CAPS1, you love entertainment at your fingertips. Recently, I've noticed that some experts worry that people are spending too much time on the computer. I firmly believe this is correct. My three arguments are it's not healthy and the friends you meet there are bro friends and bad @CAPS5 @MONTH1. First, excessive computer use is unhealthy. This reminds me of my friend @CAPS2. @CAPS2 used to be humorous, outgoing and a lot of sports. One day @CAPS3 her mom bought her a laptop. The laptop is blue and whiteâ€”two of her favorite colors. She does it all day and night. She took it with her wherever she went. Well, to the point where she stopped exercising, gained some weight, and grief spread over her. She is depressed. She went to the doctor and they told her she had to give up the computer and only play for five hours two days a week. It took her about three months to get back to her old fun @CAPS2 after listening to her doctor. Excessive computer use can hurt you and those around you. Second, all the friends you meet online are called netizens. You don't know their real identities, where they really live, or their real age. They can tell you anything they want because they know it's a little fantasy world. That is mentally unhealthy. It is very important for human beings to actively participate in social activities. Excessive computer use can also damage your brain. Third, pop up @CAPS5 @MONTH1. If you're the kind of person who is on a computer like Becky every chance you get, it's not good for you or the device. Using the computer can even damage the computer. Well, you have read my arguments and thoughts. Please consider them.
Computer, computer, computer! It's the first thing teens do when they get home from school. Teens can't wait to chat with their friends on Facebook and instant messaging. There are a lot of positive and negative things about computers. In these paragraphs below, I'll give you my opinion on how people can better manage their time and the impact it can have. My @CAPS1 experience with computers is that they have @CAPS3 a lot of information, but sometimes too much. Today, many children and adolescents are bullied. People can send scary messages to someone. They'd rather do it on the computer because they don't have to say it to the faces there. One thing I don't like about computers is that people get harassed. Other than that, I think computers are a great resource for learning things and connecting with people from the past. Not a lot of @CAPS2 want to see kids there coming home straight from school and going straight to the computer @CAPS2 has to be strict with kids there when it comes to computers. They need to manage their time there @CAPS3 They can also be there for homework, after school activities, etc. Research shows that kids who use computers for more than two hours a day see their grades drop the most in time. That's why it won't be a problem if you manage your time. You want your kids to have a balance in their lives, @CAPS3 manage the time they don't spend all day. Computers have a positive side and a negative side. Computers are a great way to research people you study at school and find people from your past, for example, Facebook is a great way to keep in touch with your old friends. Google is also a great tool because you can type anything and it will give you a hundred sites to choose from. The downside of it is that people might get face on it for things that other people say they dare not beg for. It also prevents you from doing other things because you'll be using @CAPS3 on a computer that forgets your main priorities. In these paragraphs, I've given you my views on computers and how there are both positive and negative things about them. I also explain how it can take time away from your main priorities in life and how to manage your time wisely. A computer is a great tool, but don't make the most of it because it's not a priority.
Dear newspaper, I think computers have a great influence on people's lives. There are a lot of things you can do on the internet that cost too much without it. You can study different foods and cultures around the world. You can get better hand-eye coordination if you play online. You can also buy something to video chat with family or friends. Computers are very convenient and practical. If you're interested in a place in the world, you can enter the place's name and get information about culture, food, and more. Instead of buying a plane ticket to see @LOCATION1, you can go online and learn the @CAPS1 language. You can also study the food people eat and the clothes they wear. You can also learn sports and games. If you play games on a computer, you can get better hand-eye coordination. Most games you can download are free. There are puzzle games that challenge you, fun action and quick button presses, and adventures that let you explore new lands. In many of these games, you can talk to people and make friends. Besides games, there are other ways to talk. There are emails, chat rooms, Facebook, Twitter and video chat. With these things, you can talk to friends or family around the world or in your state/country. All of which you can download, surf the web or buy. You can talk to old friends or family members you haven't seen in a while. Video chats can see each other, Facebook can share pictures, and chat rooms can chat with multiple people. In conclusion, computers are very convenient for our society today. Whether it's studying the world, having fun, or chatting with people you know, computers have brought so many wonderful things to people
What is technology? Technology is defined as anything that helps improve our way of life. Technology is all around us. Our beds, houses, televisions and even chairs are all forms of technology. However, in my opinion, there is one technology that has revolutionized modern life as we know it. This form of technology is called a computer. My views on the impact of computers on our society are quite positive. Think about all the things we do with this device. However, there is one thing that stands out to me; @CAPS1. Computers are probably the greatest form of @CAPS1 the world has ever seen. Email is basically sending a letter to a friend without having to mail it where it might be lost or stolen. Emailing is two easy steps: @CAPS2 and @CAPS3. Not only does it reduce the risk of letters not getting there, but it is also much faster. You hit the "sen" button, and before you know it, a new letter appears in your friend's inbox. Another way to computerize @CAPS1 is my personal favorite instant messaging. Instant messaging allows you to have a conversation with someone who may be miles away. It's okay if you decide to go for a soda while you're instant messaging, because unlike a real conversation, it's not rude. These are just two of the ways computers have enabled us to have @CAPS1. Tehre are many others, like these two, that can improve our way of life. I believe the main reason why computers have greatly improved our lives is because of one big thing: the Internet. The Internet makes everything we do on computers possible. If I want to do research on a topic on my computer, the internet will take me where I want to go. With millions of different websites, the internet holds endless possibilities. If I'm interested in arcade games, I can play online. If I have to write a scientific report, then I can go online and collect research. If I want to listen to music, I can go to the computer, look up a song, and listen. guess what? If I'm looking for a funny video just for a good laugh, the internet has me! The Internet is perhaps one of the greatest inventions of all time. This is just another reason to love computers.
Computers can do many things. It believes that computers have a positive impact on people. But some experts think they don't know, which is why I'm writing this article so that I can explain both sides' positions. Did you know that most people who own a computer are just as lucky to own a computer as they are to owning a phone. Computers believe it can help us live, whether @CAPS1 saves information, chats online, finds a good recipe or whatever @CAPS1 has out there. That's why computers are so aggressive. If we don't have computers, then @DATE1, @CAPS1 is one of the most important devices and there will be no technological progress. Let me share my experience please. I had a good job interview and I couldn't find that street so I turned on the computer and it gave me directions for the interview. That's why I think computers have a positive role. Now, the opposite side says people spend too much time on the computer and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with friends and family. Well, I have some people who spend a lot of time on their computers @CAPS1 fully selected. These people usually don't have much self-control. And exercising people who say that everyone needs to exercise is already thin and need exercise. For interactions with friends and family, you can do that, I mean how long a person can look at a computer screen. So in conclusion, you can see that computers are good, but with self-control you can enjoy them without bad side effects. So enjoy it next time on the computer, but remember your friends, family and your health are more important.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, As a computer user, I think computers are helpful in many ways. They helped get the new @CAPS3. They help the machine run. They help people learn new things. Computer help find and get the new @CAPS3. They are another way for the public to find a new job or another. My brother; @CAPS4 went to a college there, for example, and @CAPS4 learned how to be a mic. @CAPS4 had a hard time getting a job, (find me on the street) so someone told him to go on @CAPS1.com and go to "@CAPS2 @CAPS3" @CAPS4 did find @CAPS4 a good job on the computer, still there Work. A great way to get a computer or find a job. Computers help machines run. All the machines we have to use and have to run manually are now run by computers. This is good in some ways and bad in another. They help produce more in less time. Today, if you sometimes see assembly lines in cars with robotic hands assembling them together and computers, more cars are being built in less time now. A major problem with this is that many people are losing their @CAPS3. computer teacher man
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, The impact of computers on people can hurt our society as well as help society. As a growing middle school student, I believe that using computers is beneficial in the same way, but it is also damaging our society. First, the internet is full of inappropriate content. Involves illegal use and attracts anyone with just a click of a mouse. Anyone in the world can "hack" or break into someone else's computer using the technology we have today. Anyone can illegally download songs or files for free without paying for it themselves. In fact, people can not only download inappropriate content directly to their screens, but also influence them with graphic text or view websites that involve videos of drug use. Criminal behavior, vulgar language, etc. A recent study of internet use by @ORGANIZATION1 included "@CAPS4 @CAPS5" with a history of causing suicide or depression in teens. @CAPS4 @CAPS5 is a form of @CAPS5 where someone can chat or instant message someone and hurt their feelings. @CAPS4 @CAPS5 Not only is it a problem, but people can now talk to strangers on the internet. Think about how bad it would be if your child leaked their private information online and a man who said they were the same age as your child received it and lied about their age, gender, appearance and age Oops. Now that man can track down your children and possibly kidnap or harm them. Second, the internet can also be very unhealthy and make you less social. According to @CAPS7 @CAPS8 of @ORGANIZATION2, @PERCENT1 causes children or teens who use the Internet to develop fragile relationships with friends and family if they overuse computers. For some people, not just teenagers, prolonged computer use can be very unhealthy. One can get the effect of being lazy, using less brains, and losing interaction with the outside world. In the end, I think the number one reason computers can have a negative effect is that it's addictive. From my own experience, I used to use sites like @CAPS9 to stay up for hours because everyone else was using it. Sure, it can be fun and entertaining, but when your academic performance is at stake and you stop communicating with the outside world, using the internet isn't as "fun". Addiction can attract anyone against their willpower. My own brother was so addicted to computer games that he played a game for @NUM1 hours straight. You may become obsessed with one subject until you lose everything else. Moderate internet can be great, but it can be inappropriate, unhealthy and addictive. How can we learn to interact with humans if technology becomes too powerful in our civilization. More and more people are dabbling in technology, which can be pretty scary, frankly, in my opinion.
Dear local newspaper, I support the advancement of technology and believe that computers have a positive impact on people. I think it's for @NUM1 simple reasons, @CAPS1, you get computer skills that would help in other situations. Second: Computers give people the opportunity to learn about people and places far away. Finally, when you have a computer, you can chat and converse with other people. When I think of computers, I think of typing or keyboards. After using the computer a few times, you'll get @CAPS2 and better. You will gain typing skills, hand-eye coordination and mouse skills. After just a few uses, your computer skills will improve and you'll become proficient in no time. But when you do get @CAPS2, you get faster and better, so all is well. The Internet allows you to search for anything while you're on your computer. Whether it's a different culture, or even homework, computers can be very helpful. When I do my homework and I don't know how to answer another question, I go online. The computer allows me to get help with any homework I need help with, it's great. I can even look up stuff from a different culture and compare it to ours. Computers allow me to do everything I need. Have you ever felt lonely but had no one to talk to? Then this problem can be solved very simply, on the computer. You can chat with people even when no one is around. You can chat with people on the other side of the world. It's amazing that you can talk to anyone you want from anywhere. The computer chats with you to reconnect with old friends and make new ones. Computers are great. There's a lot to do when you're on a computer, and you can get a lot out of it. They're helpful and fun, and you'll never be around a computer. In my opinion, there is a lot to gain and learn from computers.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3, walking into a room and seeing people interacting with their computer screens gives me new and exciting information every day. The question is what effect do computers have on people? I certainly think computers have a positive impact on people. They teach hand-eye coordination, enable people to understand distant places and peas, and even allow people to converse with others online. Computers can definitely have a positive impact on society. Computers are extremely valuable to every user; hand-eye coordination! Whether it's clicking a link to a site you found on @ORGANIZATION2, or playing matching gems, you're learning hand-eye coordination. According to recent research, more than @PERCENT1 respondents said they had excellent hand-eye coordination, and @PERCENT2 said it was on a computer. Sure, we all need to exercise outdoors, but as long as we don't let it overwhelm us, computers can be helpful. Smart people will agree that coordination is a very useful skill. These wonderful inventions also help us understand different places and people. Imagine this scenario if you will; @ORGANIZATION1 students have to do a project on @CAPS4 @CAPS5 in @LOCATION1. He went to the library to check the encyclopedia, but...they were out of date. Then he went to the computer lab and found it on @ORGANIZATION2! This scene shows that a computer is one of the quickest ways to get information on any subject or subject. Of course, textual sources can provide equally accurate information, but computers are fast and easy. Just when you need information. But why stop there? Not only can you get information about the people and places on these machines, but you can also find out about the latest fashion, what's going on in @LOCATION2, and the latest @CAPS6 gossip. Computers are undoubtedly a convenient source of information about different regions and groups of people. This amazing device also lets you chat with people online! There are many ways to do this. You can use old-fashioned @CAPS7 mail, you can call someone using a device in @CAPS8. You certainly need a @CAPS9 to say thank you. I remember one time I was bored so I decided to do my homework. The problem is that I forgot what it was! I quickly picked up my phone and called my classmate, but he didn't answer. Then I rushed to my computer to see if he was online. Sure enough it was him! I did my homework and got an A because of the computer's ability to interact with others.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I think the impact of computers on people is good, not bad. I think there are three reasons for this. My number one reason is that they relieve stress. In my opinion, things get more stressful without a computer. Using a computer, you can easily find things without wasting time or stressing about having to find something. The second reason I think computers have a good impact on people is technology. Without technology, things get more difficult. Without a computer, it can be difficult to type assignments, print pictures, and get information neatly. If we don't have technology like computers, I think a lot of things can go wrong. The third reason I think computers have a good effect on people is that without them, factories would collapse. I say this because if you think about it, there might be some type of computer running in the factory. Almost everything would not work without that computer telling the machine what to do! Without a computer, everything would be so time-consuming that no one wanted to get the job done. These are the three reasons why I think computers have a good influence on people.
Dear @CAPS1, have you ever wondered what it's like to spend all your time in front of a computer? Well, if you are, I believe you shouldn't be in front of that computer all day. As my mom said, only an hour a day is good. One reason it matters is because you need to enjoy all that life has to offer. You can do things like play catch with the dog, walk the dog, and/or play at a friend's house. Yes, it's fun to play on the computer, but you have to perform. The reason (you know) @CAPS2 is because you can end up where you don't even need to go. You can also make a lot of new friends by going out. Just like I encountered trees, animals, beautiful landscapes. You will feel like you have time or yours. The last and final reason is that you get a lot of stuff you can use. You can make a snowman in winter, or if it rains you can watch a movie. You can build a lot of things. All in all, building, playing and jumping (the list goes on) You can enjoy the outdoors. Remember three good reasons why you can be wonderful and lovely outdoors. Go for a dog walk, make friends, or even just hang out with family and friends.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, Computers: Well, computers are a big thing these days, you can look up information, learn new things, it keeps you busy. It comes with a complete package. Learn and get information like facts, past, @CAPS1, it helps us understand the environment we live in and see how things fit together You can look at things for one project or too many. Best of all, if the computer is, I can quickly browse everything in the folder. You learn something every day now and the people who are on @MONTH1 are different sites all can @ORGANIZATION1, @ORGANIZATION2 and @CAPS4 and so on, some people can't live without these things, but sometimes these objects are on the computer On, like any music player, you have to download apps like misuc, and while having those things, it keeps you busy and moving your computer is a big deal, and you can see them make an impact on someone. Find info, now understand it's entertainment, they brought some or a laptop
Everyone likes to be on the computer. I'd be surprised if not. I believe the whole problem is that the machine itself distracts you from the other pleasant things in life. People are learning too much about this. It changes people's entire lives. A computer is like a disease or a virus that controls you and is entirely possible to free yourself from it. I know some people @MONTH1 disagree with me, but I suggest my side is the best. this is too scary. how is this possible? It distracts people from life. I let them blindly enjoy nature. Spending too much time on the computer is a terrible disease. The hard part about being free is knowing it's controlling you. Then the door of your freedom will open. tecknologie takes you away from having fun, doing homework at school and having fun with friends. I know you can get away with it because I've been through the same thing. Technology is indeed a beautiful thing. I have so much information you wouldn't even think of one. I know more than that. But also foul. Once I saw a very scary thing on my computer. I can close it. The machine has an idea, it's ours and whatever it is. Changing someone's life is not easy. You become a complete stranger. Sometimes these changes are good, sometimes they are bad. But a machine can let you change in ten minutes. Once you see what you like or what you want, you can change it. If you see something and you want it so bad. I can't get it, and if that's the case, you'll be forced to steal it to get it. Learning is a very scary thing. All you have to do is learn to control yourself. Machines are bad for people. If you need information, there are books. The computer makes you lazy, you don't have to read or whatever it does for you. It takes over your life. You become. It teaches you bad things and it changes your life. which way will you go
Don't you agree that computers have a great influence on people? The three reasons why they're good for people is that it gives you good typing skills, it's educational, and it helps you do a lot of things. The number one reason computers have a good effect on people is that computers help your typing skills. If you have a computer, you'll soon know that your typing skills are going to get really good. Every time you use your computer, aim your hands at the keys on the computer. Suppose someone wants to work with a computer when they grow up, then if they practice typing on a computer at home, they will be eligible for a job using a computer. Computers may also be good for hearing impaired. If hearing affects computer use, they can get @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 and chat with people online. It works for them because they can't hear what people say, they can read what people say over the internet. Another reason computers have a good influence on people is because they are very educational. In my opinion, computers are educational because there are many websites that teach you facts about different places. For example, what food people eat in different countries, or where that country is. The best site for finding out the exact facts is www.Ask.com. Ask.com is the best site because it tells you what you want to know in seconds. Computers are also educational when it comes to school projects thanks to these amazing sites. The final reason computers have an impact on people is because they can help you do so many things. They can help you a lot because if you want to know how far @LOCATION2 is from @LOCATION1, you can look it up on your computer, or say you lost your way to your friend's house and the way to their friend's house. House If you bring your labtop, you can go to the labtap and find her house from your labtop. I know you might think there is something like GPS, which can be confusing if you think about it, but your computer reads it out to you. Know what you might be saying in your head why not text/call @CAPS3/@CAPS4, if you think about it, what if your friend doesn't speak clearly. In conclusion, don't you agree that computers do have a good effect on people? My three arguments are that they help your typing skills education. They help you with things. Please consider my thoughts.
My experience with computers is good because I can play games or do my homework. I can install my own music on my computer while doing my homework. I can also use the computer to surf the Internet. On the computer, I can also do things faster and easier. I can also get more things done faster by surfing the Internet and keep surfing because I can do research, copy and past things from the Internet. I now have a labtop which is pretty much a laptop. On my lab, it's quite a lot of laptops. On my lab, I can make data tables and graphs, write papers and use a dial-up connection. A dial-up connection is what I can use to get free internet by putting a presons phone number where the phone number is and if the phone line is connected to the motem, labtop will call the motem. On my lab, I also have a place for floppy disks and a place for @CAPS1-@CAPS2. I also have a calculator in my lab. Some labtop mice also have a mouse that looks like my little pad. As you can see, a computer and a labtop are really worth having.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1 @MONTH1 saying people spend too much time on the computer instead of doing their homework, or outside for some fresh air. I say those people are @CAPS1! Computers are a huge step towards new technology. For example, you can use your computer to do research for school, communicate online with friends, and give your child some time off so they can learn about far-flung places and people. If you're writing a research paper for school and you've checked all the books on the topic of your thesis, you suddenly realize you've forgotten the most important one! You run back to the library only to find it's closed. Then the computer comes in handy. You can google the book and find an online copy of the book so you can grade that piece of paper. In addition, there may be a problem with your math homework and you are at home alone, so what should you do? That's what computers are for! So you can easily visit your teacher's website where there will be explanations on how to take a specific class. Kids @CAPS2 communicate with their friends in a way. For example homework questions or just for fun. Without friends, kids would know about it. Statistics show that of all children allowed to talk to friends, @PERCENT1 stayed away from drugs and promoted stronger education and grades. The internet wasn't just created for it. It was invented so that people could communicate, children could do research, but also for fun and exploration. For example - learning about far-flung places, people and cultures, exploring animals, and even shopping online is now available. These are essentials that are available to all. Without a computer, @CAPS3 would have no way of knowing when @CAPS3 needs important information about the information it needs at a particular moment. Computers are the future (yes, I repeat) @CAPS3 @CAPS2 We have computers in our lives for communication, shopping, learning purposes, teaching, research places, animals, people and culture. Can also be used for email purposes and provide important news for everyone who applies to it. That's why @CAPS3 @CAPS2 continues to advance computing and the technology of the future. So all of you @LOCATION1 keep your computers, they are an important stepping stone you need to grow and move into the future of technology. Plus who doesn't want to play a good computer game every now and then.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2, do you think people should stop using computers? Well, yes, because they don't get exercise. People's bodies start to get lazy and don't want to get up. Instead of spending time with their families, they want to spend their free time with @CAPS3. This is where my people should stop being lazy and get some fresh air. @CAPS2 Those who spend time interacting with family members on the computer? Well, no, because they think they'll be entertained by technology and not by their families. The reason I don't like computers so much is because you get addicted too fast to stop. When you interact with your family, you get to know them better, which is invaluable. That's why it should stop because it damages people's minds. Another reason I want you to hear is the reduction in exercise time. When people are not exercising, you will @CAPS2 any effect on their bodies. They start eating too much and then become very lazy. When you work out, you have a ton of energy to @CAPS2 to do anything. Like bungee jumping. When you work out, you look fit and people will notice. That's why exercise is the best health and always fit. Also, the third reason I want you to read is to enjoy nature. Enjoy nature, you can have a good time and relax. You can swim at the beach, feel the amazing breeze and have a good time. When you're at the computer, it's a habit that you're sitting down instead of going out. It hurts the environment because people don't want to get up and enjoy nature. That's why it shouldn't be tolerated because people are lazy. In conclusion, the reason people shouldn't spend their entire lives on a computer is because they think they'll be entertaining with technology rather than interacting with their families. People will start to eat too much, so they will become lazy. People never leave home, but on their computers. That's why it should stop hurting the environment people get lazy.
I agree that we should have computers because more and more people use them. Long ago we didn't even have computers, but now we have. Now we have the computer that should use it. If we don't use computers, why do we still have computers? Computers can help you study faraway places like @LOCATION2, @LOCATION1, @PERSON1 and others. If we don't know what's going on far away, then we don't know what flags they have, what they eat, what they have, what they do, what they say. You can even chat with your friends online from your computer! You don't have to call your friends, you can chat with your friends online, and if you need help with your homework, if you leave your math textbooks at school, you can chat with your questions online. If your friends are in other faraway places @LOCATION2, your friends can take their computers with them, so your friends can chat with you online and you don't have to call your friends at @LOCATION2 or elsewhere. You can also learn how to type, and when you know how to type, you can type faster and faster. You can enter stories, poems, and notes, all things you have to do in school, so you don't have to write at the same speed as you would type on a computer. This is why we should have computers and use more of them. I hope you agree with me.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, the question is that too much computer time causes people to interact less with their surroundings? In my opinion, not having a computer definitely doesn't make you lazy and reduce interaction with other people around you. First, I think computers can sometimes make you smarter. I mean you can read history, world news, and you can study many different topics. I remember wanting to know about @CAPS1 when I was younger. I've been searching for it and have made a fun poster project. Thanks to the computer, I got accurate information. A survey by @CAPS2 school social studies teachers revealed that @PERCENT1 students use computers to find facts for school projects. @PERCENT1 in @PERCENT2 ended up with better grades. Famous psychologist @PERSON2 said "Kids and students learn more when they research or @CAPS7 new things on the computer." I know you @MONTH1 think too much internet is unhealthy for people, but mostly syudents . But at @ORGANIZATION1, it's a great source for @CAPS7. So computers help teach facts to everyone and many people stay on top of what's happening around the world. Second, people can interact with family and friends online. I mean there is @CAPS3 where people can socialize with family members who live out of state. I remember I made a new friend in @NUM1 grade and she moved to @LOCATION1 on @DATE1 after @NUM2 grade. I keep in touch with her on @CAPS3. A survey conducted by the Student Council among students at @PERCENT3 has people they know and love move out of state @PERCENT4 don't know @PERCENT3 stay in touch via email or @CAPS3. Famous scientist @ORGANIZATION2 said, "People who stay in touch with family and friends tend to stay happy and don't become depressed." I know you @MONTH1 think people don't need to stay in touch with family all the time, but it makes them happier. Therefore, people need computers in order to keep in touch with their families. Third, you can learn new sports, movements or techniques. I mean you can do new sports, train for a dance competition or learn new magic tricks for your magic show. I remember when I wanted to learn how to rotate a baron between my fingers I found a video where someone showed you how to do it step by step. It's easier now. A survey by @CAPS5 Muscle @CAPS6 shows that @PERCENT5 among @CAPS6 members are getting stronger and healthier with new @CAPS7 exercises. Famous athlete @PERSON1 says "@CAPS7 new online practice helps me stay fit to compete". I know you @MONTH1 think they can go to someone to teach them, but no one wants to pay for something you can get online for free. So new exercises, moves or online tips from @CAPS7 can help them a lot. In conclusion, does too much computer time cause people to interact less with their surroundings? No, it helps them learn, socialize with family and friends, and they can get fit with new exercises they learn from videos.
People think using a computer is a good thing, and I think so, because there are a lot of other people in this country who speak a different language, and a computer can teach them a guy who only speaks our language. For some people, this is their life, and many even use computers for work. The kids also use the internet, not facebook, myspace, gmail and many other web pages, I also use the internet, but not as often, but I used to go to game pages like @NUM1.com or even /cup/coffee but I Not so fond of these anymore because I have Xbox Live and the internet came along and you can chat with your friends. Some of my friends are just on the computer and don't do any exercise at all, but a lot of my friends will keep exercising but do a lot of exercise so they don't keep gaining weight. So basically people in the world have computers, but not everyone in @LOCATION2 of @LOCATION1, I think our country should write a big paycheck to those poor countries so they can get computers, so if they Come here they can speak our language or we ship the computer to their country so they don't buy any crappy computer. Also, when you're on your computer, you can buy a webcam, or it's already put in your computer, and you can talk to your friends or even show them something you've made or something like that. So I think computers are the best thing we've ever invented or done.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2's name is @PERSON1, I would like to discuss computer usage in @LOCATION1, @CAPS3, and I will tell you the benefits of owning a computer. Then I'll talk about the entire computer network. Finally, I'll talk about the technological advancements that computers have brought. I think the use of computers in our town is very beneficial to society. There are many benefits to using a computer. @CAPS3 is the fact that you can use microsoft to write papers. 6th grader @PERSON6 said: "I'd rather type than write a paper. Another reason to use a computer is for research." @CAPS4 Lots of articles and facts online about anything you need," @PERSON4 said .The ultimate benefit of computers is that you get world news in a split second. "I would never have known the earthquake in @LOCATION3 without seeing the article on the @CAPS2 homepage," said @PERSON5. These are just what kids do on computers Some major benefits. Now let's talk about some things. It's said to be bad, but it's not; social networking. Something like @CAPS5 using SMS forms on the computer, it helps us get in touch without paying huge phone bills: Using instant messenger, I can chat with @CAPS2's girlfriend," @PERSON2 said. Plus, there's facebook to help us connect on the global stage. "I can talk to my @CAPS2 cousin in @LOCATION2," @CAPS6 said. These are the main social networking tools we use to talk to people all over the world. One of the things that is important about computers is the technological advancements that are caused by it. @CAPS3, we have laptops, it's a portable computer that we can carry around. "I can use the @CAPS2 computer anywhere I like," @PERSON7 said. Also, memory cards allow us to save data on our computer and bring it to school or work. Eighth grader @CAPS7 said, "I can do work at home with a stick that I didn't do in school." The final major advance was the use of the printer, "I use the @CAPS2 printer to print papers that I take to school," @PERSON3 said. These are some of the major advancements that computers have brought. That's why I think using computers is good for us. There are many benefits to owning a computer. We can talk to people all over the world at any time. Computers are even the sole purpose of many other breakthrough technological improvements. @CAPS4 In this case, please help protect our children about computer use.
Losing @CAPS1 to @ORGANIZATION1 is a big part of everyday life these days, good for businesses and schools, but computers are a dangerous choice for people who just want to pass the time. Yes, computers are a form of communication and it can be helpful if students forget their homework or assignments, but when it comes to boredom, computers are no good. Social networks are scary in reality, too many young people expose themselves when making @CAPS2 or @CAPS3 pages. Exercising is a big deal these days, and you don't get any help on your computer. But on the other hand, computers have opened up new worlds for people. You can enter any question or place into the search engine and get instant results. Computers, like anything else, are fine in moderation, but too much of one thing is unhealthy. Sites like @CAPS2, @CAPS3 or @CAPS6 are scary when it comes to privacy. Little privacy is provided, and your page can only be published publicly. These sites are also addictive. You @MONTH1 just want to log in to see your notifications, but you could end up on your computer for @NUM1 to @NUM2 hours without even realizing it. Other times there can be no benefit to running on the treadmill or jogging there. All you can get from playing on a computer for an hour is blurred vision. It is OK to use the computer for 1/@NUM1 hours a day without using the internet. A website can be a way to find your computer's time. Edline is homework or homework. Google helps with research or vocabulary work. When a site like this focuses on computer time, it's more efficient. In general, I believe that computers can negatively affect people, and if people who use computers can balance this time with exercise time, then they will all be better off.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1, about what a world without computers would be like. Terrible idea? I have the same reaction. A world without computers is a world without people who communicate and where there is no place to gather information independently. The great thing about owning computers is that they are a way to communicate with friends and family who aren't in your area or who you haven't talked to in a while. They also teach hand-eye coordination, which is good for almost anything. Finally, they enable people to learn about other things in the world. In conclusion, computers have a significant impact on people. First of all, it seems to me that having a computer allows me to communicate with people I have met on past vacations. I can email them and chat with them on social networks like Facebook. This can be beneficial for anyone who has lost touch with friends or even family. Being able to talk to friends I haven't spoken to in white gives me and others the opportunity to catch up and reconnect. All in all, being able to communicate with others on a computer is just me, among the many benefits of computers! Second, having a computer not only allows you to converse with others, it also teaches you hand-eye coordination. Dereck is a news reporter for channel @NUM1, "I can hit some long shots and win cake for some of our games. I really @CAPS1 because my mom teaches me to use computers now!" @CAPS2 especially benefited from computers because they teach They have hand-eye coordination, which is great for those home runs and even touchdowns! Third, computers allow students and many others to learn and find things they don't know. @PERCENT1 Schools across the country benefit from having school computers for research. On the other hand, businessmen, parents, and even teachers use the internet to learn about things around the world and gather information to teach their lessons. In general, computers have many benefits, like they allow you to communicate with others, they can teach you hand-eye coordination, and they can even give you an idea of things and places around the world. Overall, this intelligent invention of the computer is an incredible machine that seems to have all the answers and managed to obtain reliable information!
Dear @PERSON1, @CAPS1 I read an article in your paper that piqued my interest. This article is about the negative impact of computers on the community. I can't help but disagree with @PERSON1's article because, in my opinion, computers are a step in the right direction for modern technology. I believe computers are good for society because they promote hand-eye coordination, you can learn almost anything, you can talk to other people online. How does a computer help with hand-eye coordination, you ask? When you type on your computer, your eyes are on the screen and your hands are typing and strengthening at incredible speed! A study by students of @ORGANIZATION1 shows that when you become @NUM1, frequent computer users have an almost drop in arthritis risk @PERCENT1. Also, the hand-eye coordination you get from typing goes a long way in sports like tennis and baseball. So, if someone needs to improve hand-eye coordination, I recommend that they take a computer course like the ones offered in many schools across the country. Second, using the Internet on a computer makes it easier to find information on a variety of topics. Say you want to go on vacation with your family. Instead of dialing a phone number, go online and plan your entire trip from your computer. There are plenty of websites out there that make it quick and easy. Also, websites can teach people how to dress and always be nearby. If you want to learn how to knit, just type "how to knit" into your favorite search engine and there are over @NUM2 sites here to help make it easy to learn how to make a great bike or fix it. Besides learning new things, the internet also allows you to make friends. After summer camp, I always say "oh, we'll keep in touch" but I can never deliver on any promises. Once I found an instant messaging or webcam app on the internet, it was easy to talk to my friends. Every once in a while, I talk to my friends who now live in @LOCATION1! Also, my dad was always stressed about meetings with other countries, but now that he can use a webcam to talk to other international bosses, he's very excited about his meetings. He always said that today's computers are easy to use to talk to people. In conclusion, I believe that computers are good for the world because they help with hand-eye coordination and make it easy to get information and talk to people.
Dear @CAPS1, I believe that computers are good society. One reason is that kids can't write an @NUM1 page essay by hand, but use a computer because it's easier. People use computers every day, if it's not playing games with friends, it's people's fun. I personally don't use my computer very often to check my email and school work, but that doesn't mean people don't need them. People get excirsize even if they don't know it's like walking, so they're not like that. I personally don't think computers are bad, but they can help like a research project, for example if you don't want to read a book to find information, you can look up information on a computer so you can have it at your fingertips. Why do people care so much Our @CAPS4 content. We exercise at school when we walk home, we exercise at school when we walk the dog, but that can happen. Another great thing about computers is that you can video chat with live video channels so you can hear the conversation and see the person, which is a good reason, if the parents are away, you can see them and talk to them I have used it to chat with friends too. A computer is also a great thing because the programs that can use it are word, excell, @CAPS2, @CAPS3 ex. They help you with essay writing, @CAPS4 grades, graphs ex. Without the matcher, we would have to manually @CAPS4 it wouldn't be neat, it would be messy. The computer exercises yours. The last reason computers are so good is because everything is on the internet, just like you want to shop. If you want to play games without your efforts you can chat with friends, post pictures, post videos, I can go on, but I won't, I hope you @CAPS1 make my point computer not bad for you, that's the truth On, kids love them and adults so I think I you take kids away from kids @CAPS4 what would kids think @CAPS4, what would fun businesses think @CAPS4 to us in the world of computers . Hey examiners, how would you @CAPS4 your new paper. Think about what a world it would be like without computers they can't have fun, or test scores without computers, people don't realize we need computers and they need us.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 People are talking about computers and what they do for us. People think that using a computer is a waste of time. I believe computers are not a bad thing. Using computers can help us understand the rest of the world. It can also show us the lives of people in the past. We can also chat with our friends online. If you want to know why computers are useful, keep reading. People say computers are wasting our lives. I disagree with this view. The internet is a great way to learn about different parts of the world. We can learn about climate. animals, and the food they eat. @CAPS1 Locations have different types of cultures. For example, in @LOCATION3, everyone eats seafood. At @LOCATION2, everyone eats spicy food. The internet can show us pictures of beautiful places we've never seen before. This is a great way to see and understand different places compared to your lifestyle. Do you have friends you haven't seen in a long time? Do you want to reconnect with that person? Well the internet is a great way to do this. It allows you to create an account like twitter, facebook, @NUM1 etc. You can search your friend's name and magic! You finally get a chance to talk to your old friend again. You will be happy to be able to talk to them again. @CAPS1 Children use computers to complete their history projects. Well, the internet can help. You can search for famous people from the past or people from the present. The Internet allows you to see and learn about these people's pasts. An example is @LOCATION1. He was the first president of @ORGANIZATION1. You can learn a lot about him, such as his birthplace, @CAPS1 family relationship, and more. So you see, the internet is a great use for kids. That's why I don't think computers are bad. We still have time for family, friends and any fun outdoor activities. We can learn about different places in the world. We can chat with friends online, we can get to know people from the past.
Dear newspaper, @CAPS1 Do you think today's computers have a bad effect on people? I know I don't. Today more than @PERCENT1 people own a computer. On your computer, you can find great content about places and people. If you don't have the best handwriting, then you can type it and the computer can help you find it. @CAPS1 Would you like to see your favorite hockey player? Instead of going to the library and hoping there is a book about him there. You can just use @ORGANIZATION1 his name and hundreds of different sites will come. This will save you a lot of time and save you a lot of money. If you go on a family trip every year. Where do you need to change? Then you can look online for another place @MONTH1 with the same functionality, but it's closer to @MONTH1 than every year to @LOCATION1. So if you have a computer then you can check out where @MONTH1 wants to go or find cool facts about your future athlete. If your handwriting is messy and your teacher is getting harder to read, you can learn how to type on a computer. At least @PERCENT2 students today scored zero on homework or exams because their teachers couldn't read their handwriting. If you type it on your computer, you'll spell or grammar like you've always done because the size and color of the picture will make your grades high because you need to do more work to die. So for all of you who think a computer can help anyone, here's a reason why a computer can help someone. Computers can help kids find something, or they can help them find a video about your favorite player or your favorite hockey player instead of a playoff warning. You can find all the good stuff online. You can find your favorite songs for your phone. More than @PERCENT3 people get songs from their computer. The computer can also play your favorite songs on the computer. For example, if your favorite band is the drop kick murpheys, you can find all their songs via @ORGANIZATION1. Many people think that computers are bad for us. However, I say they are wrong. You can find information on future people they can look up there. If your handwriting is messy, you can type it at the end, and you can type songs, videos, and more while browsing the web. For example, @LOCATION2, @MONTH1 have their own websites. Computers help kids find information better, and we slapped your paper.
Dear NewsPaper @CAPS1, have you considered how much technology is affecting our society? Well, for many people, the computer is their life. They help adults stay in touch with friends. Also, it provides users with useful information about anything you can think of. Computers are great tools to help us live, they help us learn skills for later life. People who use computers don't spend much time on them, we need them to live a good life. For example, there are many sites on the Internet that keep people connected. There are countless sites, @CAPS2, @CAPS3, @ORGANIZATION1, just to name a few, and the list goes on. Many adults are beginning to realize that childhood friends seem to fade away over time. With a computer, you can chat all night. In @CAPS4, it's also a convenient way to connect if friends live in different locations around @LOCATION1. Furthermore, computers are full of information. If a family wanted to go on vacation, they could use a computer to find a place they liked and book a flight there. Also, if a student needs to make a report and cannot go to the library, he/she will be able to use the computer to get the report information. Finally, if someone is sick and doesn't know if it's serious enough to require a visit to a doctor's office, they can look it up on the Internet. They also have a number of websites dedicated to this, like @ORGANIZATION2. In the end, computer users learn valuable skills that those without them would never have. Knowing how to work is an important skill, but computers have many features that can help at work or college. For example, make a power point for work, or just a slideshow for a party in your backyard. In @CAPS4, typing is an invaluable skill in most jobs today. And use a computer to fine-tune hand-eye coordination. While some @MONTH1 say staring at a screen all day is unhealthy, @CAPS5 of @CAPS6.SA citizens say using a computer is good for their social life and we should use it in moderation. Computers are amazing tools when used properly and in moderation. It's time to tell people that computers are useful to society. They help with social life, teach us skills, and provide us with information on countless topics. People need them to live a good life. So, write an article about the necessity of using computers @DATE1 and inform people that they are making the right decisions by using them.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3 A world without human hand-eye coordination @CAPS6 They try to catch the ball it slips away. No friendship or exchange with other countries. Is this really what you want? Computers do have a positive impact on people. For example, they help with hand-eye coordination, enable people to understand distant places and people, and even allow people to converse with other people online. Computers have a positive impact on people and society. First of all, hand-eye coordination is not common to everyone. But it's a fact that you can make it better by using a computer. Computer @CAPS4 says computer helps @PERCENT1 of @CAPS5 with hand-eye coordination. For example, my mom used to have poor hand-eye coordination, but now she uses a computer and feels much better. Oprah said, "@CAPS6 I couldn't catch the ball when I was a kid, but now that I'm older, I'm the best at using computers." @NUM1 out of @NUM2 Individuals agree that computers help with hand-eye coordination. Next, computers help others learn about distant places. For example, people wouldn't go to @LOCATION1 if we didn't have computers. @PERCENT1 of @CAPS5 agree that they would never travel if it wasn't for the computer, it's a fact that people use the internet to learn about other countries for educational purposes. www.exploretheworld.org writes that @PERCENT2 is a student who uses the site. Computers help others understand faraway places. Finally, computers allow people to talk online. @PERCENT3's Facebook users have at least one friend who lives abroad. In fact, countries are better allies @CAPS6 their people get along with. Www.internationalfriendships.com writes that they have more than @NUM3 users talking to people from other countries, for example, my friend's mother was born in @LOCATION2 and she talks to many of her friends online. Dr. @PERSON1 said, "@CAPS8 Friendship is the best because you understand other cultures." Computers are a great way to talk to others. Now @CAPS3 is a world where every country gets along because of online friendship. Adults can play baseball here because their hand-eye coordination is restored. There students can learn about far-flung places they didn't know existed. Doesn't it sound great? Computers teach hand-eye coordination, enable people to understand distant people and places, and allow people to converse online. So @CAPS1 @CAPS2 computers do benefit society.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1, did you know that @NUM1 in every @NUM2 @CAPS2 household has a computer? Computers can be helpful if you need to write an essay for school, but when it comes to home vs. computers, the average kid usually chooses the computer. Computers are taking away family time, exercise privileges, and schoolwork time. "@PERSON3, put down the computer and come play '@CAPS3' with us!" @CAPS4 moms say to their kids at least once a week, @CAPS4's common answer is "@CAPS5!" Ages from @NUM3 to @NUM4 @CAPS6 Kids would rather spend time playing games or talking to friends on the computer. This is something to be aware of. Families should start spending more time together instead of hanging out in front of screens. My friend @PERSON1 has a little brother who always plays games on the computer. Whenever @PERSON1 wants to play hide and seek with him, he always finds a way to play computer with @PERSON1. Spending time with the home computer deprives @CAPS6 kids of exercise. One example is that it snowed last week and I wanted my neighbor @PERSON2 to come out and have a snowball fight with me, but she said there was a level that had to be done on a computer game, which was really important. This is proof that exercising outdoors alone can kill time. A walk in the park with friends sounds relaxing to @CAPS4 people, but @CAPS4 teens would rather use a computer to talk to their friends than spend time with them. Finally, if time is spent staring at the screen. When is homework done? I recently did a survey in 8th grade and it showed that @PERCENT1 people who don't do their homework because they spend too much time on the computer. In my science class, a boy named @CAPS7 never does homework. I asked him why one day and he said it was because he was talking to his girlfriend and she never did her homework because she was always doing things on the computer. @CAPS5 time spent with family, @CAPS5 workouts done, @CAPS5 time to play outdoors and missed homework are all sacrifices to "@CAPS8 take it to the next level". I you want to help me keep my kids from spending too much time on the computer, write an article on this important issue in one of your newspapers, please consider my thoughts.
@CAPS1 Do you want people to be overweight? @CAPS1 Did you watch our beautiful outdoor doors get destroyed? And @CAPS1, you want your family to stay away from @CAPS2? Statistics show that @PERCENT2's family doesn't speak because they're all engrossed in computer games. The problem to be solved is that @CAPS1 computers have an impact on people. Yes, I think computers can negatively affect people for the following reasons. People spend a lot of time on the computer, they don't get enough exercise, they don't enjoy the nature that we have, and they don't interact with their family and friends there. People spend a lot of time on the computer without getting enough exercise. Statistics show that @PERCENT3 overweight people spend more time on the computer than on the track. I remember one time I was overweight because I spent a lot of time on the computer. One day my mom threw computer ants out the window and I had no choice but to go outside and get some exercise. @CAPS1 Do you want your child to be overweight like me? Many people cannot enjoy the outdoors because they are engrossed in the computer. Lisa, a volunteer from @LOCATION1, said the land used to be a lot of plants and animals, but now it's a wasteland because of computers. No one has time to worry about natural wonders because they're going to @CAPS2 where they have computer animation work and don't care how it turns out. @CAPS1 Do you want this to happen in our country? @PERCENT4 Hi-tech places are dirty and have few plants because workers need to tend to computers instead of bushes. Some families have a hard time talking about their day-to-day lives because they spend so much time on the computer and not spending time talking and getting to know each other. Statistics show that @PERCENT1 of devorces is associated with more tech not being able to have a conversation and how that number is growing. I remember my parents being abandoned because my dad spent more time on the computer than talking to me or my mom. Most people think that computers are good for research. Yes, but you're still locked in a house in a big library with all the information you need. I think computers have a negative impact on people. "
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 I believe there is a growing debate about computers and whether they are good for society. In my opinion, a computer is an excellent resource that will soon become a household item. I am writing to convince you that computers have a positive effect on people. I believe computers are a good thing because they allow people to gain more knowledge, they allow people to keep in touch with people they don't see often, and they allow people to keep up and understand what's going on in modern life. One reason computers are useful is that they allow people to keep in touch with people they don't see often. Today, parents don't mind sending their kids to college because they can actually see them using video chat sites like @ORGANIZATION1. This feature on computers has had a major impact on people's lives today. People in @LOCATION1 can chat with people in @LOCATION2. This genre usually allows people to share new and creative things they discover. Another reason computers are useful is that they help people stay connected to modern life. Many companies are now removing newspaper ads and putting them all on computer websites. Some companies only sell items on their websites and ship them to buyers. Students can also use a computer to complete assignments and email them to their teachers if they are unable to attend school that day. Now even at home colleges, you can take classes online. I believe that in a few years there will be more and more people using computers to do business and more stores will be selling only online. Finally, the last reason I think computers are a good idea is that they allow people to acquire more knowledge through the Internet. There are websites devoted to the history and information of many things. There are also blog sites where people can debate information or get questions answered by real people @MONTH1 who know the subject well. Another thing on your computer that can help you get information is a site like Wikipedia where people can search for a topic, read history about that topic, and click on other sites if they want to further differentiate the topic the link to. In general, I believe that computers are an important resource for humanity and will be used for more and more things in a few years. I believe computers are useful because they allow people to gain more knowledge, the ability to stay connected with others, and the ability to stay connected to modern life. I'm sure there will be liss stores on the street in a few years and most will be online because it's so much cheaper for the company. So in a few years most people will be computers and use them effectively.
Computers have become more and more advanced over time. They are even getting smaller, but people still don't understand the dangers of computers to society and personal life, eg; stress, addiction and cyberbullying. What I'm writing about here is how computers are a nuisance in our lives. First, for most people, computers are one of the main sources of stress in everyday life. About 4 out of 10 stressed people are stressed out because of the computer. For example, if you were writing an important document or sending an email to your boss about work, and your computer suddenly crashed, would you be upset? Do you feel like you want to rip your hair out and throw that computer out the window? I'm pretty sure you're going to have to restart your PC because of your data loss, or worst case, take your PC to an electronics store to have it fixed. Another cause of stress is if someone hacks your computer by uploading a virus. Hacking is @CAPS1 becoming a worldwide movement. There are books and instructions on how to hack a computer, there's nothing the government can do about it, because the First Amendment gives you the right to say what you say (freedom of speech and press). See what happened to @LOCATION1. A computer hacker hacked a computer and powered off the entire city for about @NUM1 days. Also, if someone uploads a virus to you, they can get all your personal information, such as your social security number. These two factors can put a lot of stress on your daily life. Second, people spend too much time on their computers at home. A recent survey showed that 6 out of 10 teens spend more than two hours on the computer. This makes them less social, which means they don't spend time with friends, family, or even try sports. They won't get the recommended hour of exercise a day.
Many people debate whether computers on the web have a negative impact on them @CAPS1 thinks it has a negative effect on them @CAPS1 thinks computers are an asset to society because you can access just about anything. That's the problem. What's on a computer has an impact on everyone who sees it, and computers don't help people get healthy, and if you need to research something, books are more helpful than the internet. First, there is too much content on computers and the Internet for people and society. @CAPS4 I mean there is so much content accessible on the internet. Derogatory and pornographic sites hurt @CAPS1 especially @ORGANIZATION1 and teens. Chinese government officials have cut off access to the dangerous @CAPS1 website. Chinese readers started "@CAPS3 believe that what is easily accessible on computers is poisoning the minds of young people." The internet and computers are waiting to explode and invade everyone's minds. Second, computers are not metal from computers, but are physically unstable. PC provides games for @ORGANIZATION1 to play. These games are fun at first, but they become habits. Don't let me go, while games can be fun, problems can arise when kids play for hours a day. The problem is that kids don't get enough exercise. Research by @ORGANIZATION1 shows that @PERCENT1 children who play computer-generated games are overweight. So I think gaming is a bad habit for the young @ORGANIZATION1. Finally, many people conduct research on the Internet. But actually @CAPS4 some of the facts I get are that no one needs a computer to find or research projects. Instead go to the library. Many people find books boring, but they help in the long run. I remember one time I had a @PERSON1 project in @NUM1 grade in @LOCATION1. I look up information on the internet instead of using books just to see that the facts are actually pretty accurate. Therefore, never rely on the Internet as a source for research. From derogatory content, to unhealthy youth, to inaccurate research. Computers are not an asset to society, but a problem. In my opinion, I think computers are actually doing more harm than good to the people who use them.
Dear local paper, "@CAPS1 Does anyone have a virus in their head?" @CAPS2 They need a maricle to pop off the computer. Why do I say @CAPS2 is unhealthy for many people. It doesn't use time wisely. But most importantly, it can get you into trouble you don't want to get into. If you want anecdotes about computer viruses, stick with them so people can be cured. My goodness! ! ! My stepdad needs to get off the computer! The time he spends online is unhealthy. He needs to get up and move around. But instead, he sits and eats online every day. Another reason it's unhealthy is that as you age, your bones get weaker, and when you're older, you can't move as much as you used to and wanted to. Men just think, if we didn't have computers, all the time/money people spend on computers could be spent on something more useful. For example, @NUM1 of @NUM2 people prefer computers to life itself. The @PERCENT1s of the world spend their time doing positive things, not computers. "@CAPS3 The computer is fine, but you know, you can't control it. ALERT! ALERT!!! The siren is getting louder and closer to my house. I'm getting scared @CAPS2 I'm online, I Wondering if I did something wrong. But the police came to me not me, but my next door neighbor. I guess he was doing illegal things online that he had no business. Looking at the computer can get you into trouble. For example, I remember When I had trouble with my parents, they took the computer away from me. Now, you know why computers affect people. How unhealthy it is for many people. Why does it take up so much time in people's lives. and all the trouble it causes people.
Dear ones, @ORGANIZATION1 is an important part of everyday life. Almost everyone uses them. If you know how to use one of them properly, there are many benefits. They help you get through everyday life, whether you're trying to find the song, or trying to file your taxes, computers are a necessity in every home. They are also a great way to learn. You can look up a problem that has been bothering you, or you can learn to play a new song on your favorite instrument. Either way you study. So I think the positive impact of computers on society is definitely greater than the negative impact. Computers are also a great way to interact with family and friends. Some computers even have built-in cameras, allowing you to talk to your peers from your computer while seeing each other. This is fine if your family lives far away, or if you have a long-distance relationship. Another great thing about a computer is that it's great for organizing things. Whether it's @CAPS1 or @CAPS2, you can rely on your computer to keep everything organized, and some computers also have a built-in callendar to help you plan your day. But say you don't know what to do that day. Well, this brings me to the next point. Computers are also great for finding places. For example, let's say you're flying to @LOCATION1 for the first time at a business meeting, and you arrive a few days before the meeting. So maybe you're reluctant to visit some of @LOCATION1's most elegant sights, but with a computer you can find some sights and start enjoying your day. In general, I think computers make the world go round. They never go away, which is why everyone should know how to use them, and if you don't, you should learn as soon as possible.
I think computers are good for people because those who support technological progress believe that computers have a positive impact on people. For example, they teach hand-eye coordination, allowing people to understand distant places, people, and even allow people to converse with other people. My first reason is that important people around the world use computers to have a better future of life. People who use computers have important jobs. For example, judges, engineers, lawyers, architects, scientists, archaeologists, etc... that's why I think computers are helpful to people. My second reason is that computers can help kids because computers can help kids get better grades in school. It can help develop a smarter brain in many ways. The first way it can help develop a smarter brain is to read a lot on a computer. It helps to understand the meaning of new words. I help you speak correctly and clearly. That's why I think computers help develop smarter brains. My third reason is that it helps adults connect to different parts of the world. For adults with nothing to do, it can be a hobby to have a lot of fun. My conclusion is that you can live a better life with a computer. Computers can help you have a better future.
Dear connecticut @CAPS1, would you like to catch up on your favorite TV show car shop and get the latest trends? Or even planning a party with some of your old friends? With today's great technology, you can do it on your computer! I can see experts trying to determine if computers are the healthiest thing for our society, but in my opinion, I think they are great! As you @MONTH1 don't know I'm @NUM1 and have a @NUM2 brother; we spend a lot of time on the computer, not just for homework. I love shopping online to get discounts and sales, I know things are cheaper than in stores. I know my brother likes to go to concerts and buy himself the latest video game. My grandparents are older and don't watch a lot of TV and read newspapers, so computers are great for catching up on your favorite TV shows and/or news. With these awesome machines, you can chat with old friends on facebook, @CAPS2 and @ORGANIZATION3. @PERCENT1 of teens in @CAPS5 shop by brand name, eg: @CAPS3, @ORGANIZATION1, @ORGANIZATION2, @CAPS4. All these clothes and designer stuff we want, but half of us don't have the money. If you use a computer, you can get all these names and items for less than @MONEY1 instead of %@NUM3. Computers have lowered the price of things we want and need. Me, @CAPS5 One day grandparents tried to have a decent conversation with their kids or grandkids, but they would go back to being a kid. As my @PERSON1 grandson, all she used to talk about was the days she went through the Great Depression, but she had to get the news from her computer, @CAPS5 I could sit down with her and have a nice conversation. You can also catch up on shows you missed when everyone talks about them at school. Kids won't miss it! I had my first facebook when I was in @NUM4 grade and I thought I could! @DATE1 I went camping and met all these new kids and found they all had Facebook. @CAPS5 I keep in touch with them without losing my friendship. You see, I know scientists or experts are probably smarter than @NUM1 year old girls, but I know most teens and parents have facebook and say it's great because we connect with people all over the world. So I know these experts will make the best decisions about whether computers are good for our society, but take my mind.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, the problem before us is that people are addicted to computers. SI thinks we are not. In addition to all of this, some people can do a lot of things like hang out with family and friends, but most importantly enjoy life. In a way, computer privilege is like enjoying your life. Let's say your friends have the same computer, which includes webcams, video messages, and more. This is life, and what I'm trying to say is that you can talk to each other, to talk privately. Computers don't always keep you away from the important people or things in your life. Some computers can help you, you can go to school, learn how to write a paper, learn how to read, etc. Computers may be successful for some people. The only thing that keeps you away from having fun with family and friends is yourself, and you can't blame the computer for that. Imagine your life without a computer. What would you do? How can you survive? For example, if you are working on some homework that must be done on the computer and you cannot complete the project at school. what will you do? Some people need computers. I don't think they should be using so many new technologies in our lives if they thought and knew we'd be so excited about how cool our computers are. Now you may see why I think we need computers and how it can sometimes benefit our society.
@ORGANIZATION2, @CAPS1 Do you imagine that the kids in your own school couldn't research on the computer? Would you agree to a child who does not have the option @ORGANIZATION3 to enter an assignment? Do you think teenage @ORGANIZATION3 @LOCATION2 wastes paper because of @ORGANIZATION3's jumbled handwriting and mistakes? I hate living that way, I hate living that way, and I know my peers will agree. This is just one of the many reasons why @ORGANIZATION3 computers have a positive impact on people. Other reasons include, Citizen @ORGANIZATION3 The world needs an easier way to communicate with each other and some people have to work from home. I know you as @ORGANIZATION3 won't upset a lot of people like taking away the computer. First @ORGANIZATION3, think about the schools run by @ORGANIZATION1. Now imagine; kids handing an eight-page essay to their teacher take three pages to type. Imagine those kids scribbling with their narrow hands the night before, typing as fast as they could. These kids don't have computers, so their teachers will have to spend time trying to understand the handwriting of illegal students. I @CAPS1 practically see the kids screaming and rolling their eyes around as they work to finish their high priority papers. If there are no computers, then this is what happens to kids. Additionally, students use computers to conduct research; learn about different parts of the @ORGANIZATION3 world. As @ORGANIZATION1, I doubt you @CAPS1 saying that research has a negative impact on schoolchildren. I mean, unless you don't want them to learn. Second, I want you to close your eyes. Think of @ORGANIZATION3 himself calling his best friend who lives in @LOCATION1. He doesn't answer the phone, so you walk over to the clean, shiny black computer. You'll hear the click of the @ORGANIZATION3 button when you write him a message, and the whine of your monitor when you hit send. @ORGANIZATION3 It's amazing how advanced our technology is, @CAPS1 how you can send a message from @LOCATION2 to @LOCATION1 in @ORGANIZATION3 seconds. You can't say that all the effort put into making the computer didn't have a positive impact, can you? I know I've been talking to my friends at @LOCATION3, but not on the phone. You see, my house doesn't have long distance calls, so if I don't have a computer, I'll never be able to talk to her. I know a lot of @ORGANIZATION3 my friends have the same problem, if not, the time difference between locations makes it hard to call. Have you had this problem? Do you want the effect to be that you can no longer talk to some of your @ORGANIZATION3 friends? Above all, I want to tell you a story. @CAPS2 When I was five, my dad would tuck me into bed every night. This is my favorite part of the day @ORGANIZATION3. But when I was six, my father got a job that required him to work late every night. He doesn't come home to cover me anymore and I don't understand why because I'm so young. I cried every night for three weeks. After those three weeks, my dad's boss told him he could work from home if he had a computer. His job gave him a computer, and he came back every night to help me with the quilt, and he still does. If this isn't a possible effect, then I don't know what is. Many people can work from home using computers, which is another reason why computers are helpful to all citizens of the world @ORGANIZATION3. I'm you, @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION3, need a computer to work. While I @CAPS1 understand why some people @MONTH1 are against computers, I totally disagree. Computers help people work, learn and even communicate! The folks at @MONTH1 think computers @MONTH1 cost too much, but you @CAPS1 can find them in almost any price range. I do agree that citizens shouldn't spend too much time on the computer, but it still has a totally positive impact on people @ORGANIZATION3 the world. I know @ORGANIZATION3 @ORGANIZATION3 @ORGANIZATION1 should agree.
I agree that computers help people. First, computers have a positive effect on us. They also give us the ability to learn. It also allows people to chat online from far away places. So yes, computers are good for people. First, computers do have a positive impact. Computer @MONTH1 provides some kind of motivation. Or it will help someone find their lost pet. It can also help you find a job. Also, you can find a safe home. So, your computer does have a positive effect. You also gain the ability to learn. This is achieved through a website that helps people use the sighn language. You can also get information about the places you will visit. This will help to understand the different contradictions. Most importantly, it will help kids and adults work or work at school. This shows that you can learn things on a computer. Computers also allow you to talk to people who are far away. This will come in handy for families. There are also family hospitalizations. Plus, fathers or mothers in the military can talk to their kids. Best of all, adopted children can chat with their biological parents online. This is another reason why computers are good. That's why I agree with computers. They have a positive effect on people. They give us the ability to learn! Finally, it allows you to talk to your loved ones from afar. So, in conclusion, there are benefits for people to use computers!
Dear reader, people around the world are now using computers more and more often, but they also have people who disagree that it benefits society, and @CAPS1 is not one of those people. I agree it's good for society. One reason I agree is that sometimes their teens or even adults can chat online with their friends if they can't reach them any other way. Another reason is that because teachers in all schools have their students do projects on holidays or weekends, they can look up project information in the computer. The last reason is because computers can provide the ability to learn more about things they didn't know before. In my opinion, I agree that computers benefit society. Teens, kids and even adults want to talk to their friends so they can turn on their computer to chat with them when there is no other way to reach them, @CAPS2 makes it easy. You just need to @NUM1) go to a computer, @NUM2) go to a site if you know your friend might be @NUM3) if you've never been to the site, log in or sign up @NUM4) last but not least Watching @NUM4 chat with your friends will teachers always give their students work such as projects. Kids are also working on projects on weekends or holidays, so you don't have to go to the library to check out the books you can always find on your computer and find the information you need. Computers enable you to learn information you didn't know before, for example, if you're bored and have nothing to do, get into your computer and find information about things like nature, books you're looking for, etc. I agree that computers are good for society, but not everyone, @NUM3 The reason I agree is that kids can chat with their friends online, look up project information and find information they never knew, do you think @CAPS1 I'm right or wrong.
Dear state legislator, @CAPS1, you didn't have a computer a long time ago. The only difference now is that the technology is there, but you can't use it. You think your job will be harder. I have no doubts that computers make your job and other people's lives easier. With computers, it can teach hand-eye coordination, enable people to understand distant places, and enable people to talk to each other. I believe the @CAPS4 technology of computing is undoubtedly helping society. First, computers are helping many people with hand-eye coordination. As you know, hand-eye coordination is essential for a good driver. Statistics from @CAPS4 from "@CAPS2 drivers.com" show a drop in accident rates over the past decade. In fact, it's worse than @PERCENT1. With all the computer games they have for younger kids, it's improving kids' hand-eye coordination. Start at an early age. For games like "@CAPS3", most kids will be biking or snowboarding by age 5. All of these activities require very good hand-eye coordination. Finally, resources to help with hand-eye coordination are used to help students with special needs complete simple tasks faster. Second, the World Wide Web is teaching people of all ages about places thousands of miles from their homes. My personal purpose for using my computer is to research a location and look up its history before I go on vacation to that place. Computers in our school help with our social studies curriculum. My teacher @PERSON1 says his grades are getting tougher on Computer and Internet Studies items, while @PERCENT2 is still getting higher grades. I should also add that using our school's computer to communicate with @LOCATION1's school. Once a week, we email our pen-pa. These computers definitely helped my school curriculum. Finally, computers allow people of all ages to communicate with business associates, friends, and more. Social Networking Connect with @PERCENT3's friends in the "@CAPS4-tech" magazine. I should also add that it reconnected @PERCENT4's high school friends, all because of the computer. Another form of online conversation is video chat, which many people now use for business meetings instead of paying to fly to their meeting location. Now, you should track how much time you spend on your computer on a given day. I bet that number was around @PERCENT5 when you were in the office. Computers have hand-eye coordination, enabling people to understand places far away from home and allowing people to talk to each other online. So do me a favor, state legislators understand how much society needs computers.
I think computers have a good influence on people. They teach hand-eye coordination, enable people to see distant places, and allow them to converse with other people online. Computers teach hand-eye coordination. This will be used in people's lives. People without hand-eye coordination can be clumsy. Hand-eye coordination is used every day. With a computer, you have to look at the screen and type at the same time. It will be a great help for people with hand-eye incoordination. They will be able to do more without screwing up. It's like playing baseball! This may be helpful for kids who want to exercise. They will learn to use the eyes, arms and hands to their advantage there. Computers enable people to understand distant places. If we don't have that ability, we won't be able to understand what's going on around the world. Plus, if your family is far away, you'll be able to go online and see what's going on there. If something bad happens, you will know it and be able to help them. Also being able to learn about distant places will help at school. If you have a report on a faraway place instead of looking at it, you can look up the information on the internet. Computers also allow people to talk to other people online. This provides more communication. You will be able to make more friends and better friends. It's great to have the opportunity to talk to people online. You can get to know someone and become friends and hang out a lot. Also, you will become more interactive with people. If you are a shy person, this can help you. You'll get used to talking to people, and when you're comfortable, you'll be talking to them in real life. This will allow you to make more friends. This will help you get out of your shell and become more interactive around people. Here are three reasons why I think computers are good things. They help with hand-eye coordination, enable you to see distant places and allow you to chat with other people online.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 Do you like computers? I @CAPS1, computers help you understand all kinds of things. Plus Computer lets you chat with people on your computer, even if you can't call them. Another reason I love computers is that when I have to write a project, I can type! ! ! Computers make everything easier. So, @CAPS2 consider liking computers. Initially, let's say you have a project that is due in two days. Your mom can't drive you to the library, and you don't have that information. But hey, you don't have a computer. You can lock your theme with your computer and @CAPS3 different sites will quickly appear on your screen. Most of the time will help you understand the topic and then you will have time to finish it and hang out with your friends. Second, @CAPS4 @CAPS5! ! ! You forgot which page of the book you intended to read. You also lost all your friends' contacts. Fear not the super dummy computer is here. You can chat with your friends via email or online, view pages to read and get phone numbers. You know the @PERCENT1 people in @NUM1 who say chat and email programs are @CAPS6 because they connect friends, family and colleagues. Finally, you can enter your paper on your computer. Writing an @NUM2 paragraph article takes a long time, so use your computer to help you. Go to Microsoft Office and type your article. Computers have made writing papers very easy. @PERCENT2 of @NUM3 people said they prefer to type on their computer rather than @CAPS7. In conclusion, when you have to chat with someone, computers are @CAPS6 technology. when you know something. Another reason computers are @CAPS6 is because you can enter papers and dissertations, @CAPS8, @CAPS2 change your @CAPS10 computers are bad for computers making us @CAPS11!
@MONTH1 Followers; I'm writing this to let you know how I feel about the impact of computers on people. My take on this topic is; I think both are true, yes, they enable people to learn about distant places and people, and they also enable people to talk to others online. If we didn't have computers, I wouldn't be doing a lot of my school classes and homework. But those experts who spend too much time on their computers, and less time exercising, enjoying nature and interacting with family and friends. I know it's true because I know some people are addicted to online video games and won't leave their computer for hours and I know I've found a new website myself and want to know all about it, so I'll be at the computer instead of exercising. But even if both claims are true; I don't think computers have an impact on people. Because there are no computers, more students will fail the course and get zero points // @CAPS1 projects; classwork and homework. Because they don't have a quick way to find all the information. Most family members or friends also lose touch because they lose a fun way to communicate. I think computers have a positive impact. isn't it?
Dear local paper, I believe using a computer is a good idea and will help people. There are so many people in the world who own computers. Computers are great because they help children learn, communicate with others, and help teach accountability. Please listen to what I have to say. First of all, I believe that computers can help children learn. If you buy computer games like cooking games, you can learn how to cook. Even if you buy @PERSON1, you can still learn by taking care of them. There are a lot of great sites that you can keep visiting, like @ORGANIZATION1. People learn by playing new things, why not play with your favorite characters. Also, you can type anything you want on google and it will give you the answer. You do all of this with the keyboard, so you can also learn how to type. If your teacher gives you a homework assignment, why not type it so you can learn the skill. This is why computers are good for children's learning. Second, you can communicate with the people around you or just with your friends. There's a thing called @CAPS1 or @ORGANIZATION2. You use your webcam and talk to anyone you want. You can also visit some websites to communicate with people from all over the world. It's cool because you don't have to go there and talk to them. All of these things tell you how people are different and no one is the same. People may have different languages or personalities. So many communication things make computers better. Finally, using a computer helps foster a sense of responsibility. Kids who use the internet know that people need privacy, and with that comes responsibility, because you should know that. If someone doesn't want to be disturbed, don't disturb them because it's about privacy. Also, you learned to behave well on the computer. If you video chat, you should definitely know to be nice and not rude. This is how you get rid of these things. Another thing is that people learn to take care of a computer that is worth a lot of money. Not everyone has one, so you should be grateful for what you have. Don't brag, but know that you have computer privileges. These are the reasons why the computer is good to use. So if you're considering buying a computer, the answer is yes, because computers help children learn, you can communicate with others, and you learn responsibility. Now you know that computers are really good for kids, not bad.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 Do you have a computer you like at home? Computers are a big thing in life right now, and they help a lot of things. Things like staying organized, studying, and even having fun. These are the three topics I will focus on because I @CAPS1 believe that computers are useful and people use them to help make life easier. Let me start by saying "I'm a computer guy, as a way to talk to friends, listen and search for music, watch videos on youtube, finish school and more! Although, mostly it helps me stay organized .I can make many folders to store my work instead of getting lost or spilling on paper when I write it out.I can have my music, homework, projects, work, videos, pictures, etc. kept and organized, So I know where it is every time I look for it. No more "my dog ate my homework" excuse. Continue to the next topic. As I mentioned, you can save work to your computer You can also leave out the additions and deletions, and each assignment is neat and perfect every time. So don't worry when your teacher grades neatness. You can also look up information in class for any topic you're working on for you to get. The more information, the better the grade. Now spelling is not a factor because your computer will tell you when a word is misspelled. It can even give you suggestions on how to spell a word by underlining it with a red squiggly line. It's really It's helpful because a lot of people have trouble with spelling. You can even have @CAPS2 play the book you're reading and Witch can help you learn new words that @MONTH1 doesn't know how to pronounce. When the project is @CAPS1, Teachers can even post notes on the school's homework site when ext. No more, "I don't know/don't remember what an assignment/project is. In the end, entertainment is the biggest thing about computers. People upload videos, pictures, blogs and whatever they want every day. Games are for younger kids to play on the computer and just learn, while older kids enjoy playing maze, driving, shooting, adventure and more types of games. Almost everyone who uses a computer knows the witch chat site they use to communicate with anyone 1. People use Myspace, facebook, twitter, etc. to talk, to everyone to express their feelings/just to express), to someone Show love, send birthday wishes, @CAPS1 and more. These are endless possibilities for entertainment on the computer. No doubt, no more, "I'm bored". @CAPS1 Do you use your computer to @CAPS1 things like that? If so, you have to enjoy it. People use computers to express their emotions in everything they do at work. Which side are you on now?
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 years ago computers didn't exist, but now many people have internet in their homes. But for some, its impact on the people is negative. However, I believe that computers have a positive impact on people in many ways. For example, the internet keeps people connected, gives them technical skills, prepares them for more high-tech jobs @CAPS1; and allows them to discover and learn new things. Don't you think computers help society? People live all over the world and the lucky ones can meet many people from different parts of the country. However, you can't make calls because of long distance calls; so the person with the computer doesn't have to lose contact! The folks at @CAPS1 make it easy to talk to others from anywhere without actually seeing them. A computer is also an easy way to keep in touch with your family. So people can talk to distant relatives from all over without even having to visit them. Owning a computer helps people stay in close contact with friends and family from afar. Let's face it, the world is increasingly dependent on technology and computers. But finding a better job becomes easier if young people start using computers earlier in life. Many jobs require @CAPS1 technical skills to be hired; thus, having a computer at a young age automatically prepares a young @CAPS1 for life. In addition to that, almost every workplace has an up-to-date computer; restaurants, hotels, retail stores. Even in the construction industry. However, computer skills are not just a good skill; they are necessary skills. Finally, computers are a faster and easier way to discover new things and learn more about different topics. Instead of browsing various books and encyclopedias @CAPS1 to do research, how about searching for this topic? Although computers and the Internet should not completely replace books, they are a valuable research tool. People who have never been to the pyramids can easily study the pyramids and see amazing pictures and ancient history and learn a lot. Computers can help you learn a lot about the world without leaving your home. Now is the time for you to decide whether you think computers have a positive impact on humans. @CAPS1 reasons to keep in touch, give
A computer can take up a lot of one's time, but there are benefits to having one. You can gain a lot of knowledge and make interacting with others easier by clicking your cursor. Computers are the smartest things you'll ever see. All the facts of life and the world are thrown into it. Think of all the knowledge you'll gain from reading articles on google.com and all other search engines. Wondering what's the best way to get somewhere? You can also view a map of the entire world and zoom all the way to a bird's eye view. Just click the cursor and your map will appear. Does your child have questions from school that even you can't answer? There are help sites that show and explain how to do homework. Or, if your kids don't know what homework and what their friends are up to and can't tell them, most schools have websites with information about everything in school. View your child's grades with just a click of the cursor. You're late for a party, you don't have a cell phone, but your family has a computer and you know your friends will be there. You just log into your facebook, twitter or myspace and tell them you're running late. It's @DATE1 and no one writes; there are emails and instant messages. Writing a letter takes a long time, and if you screw up, you have to start over. When you type, all you do is hit "backspace" and you only write your mistakes. Letters also take a long time to arrive, while instant messages are coming soon! Haven't met your cousins or just want to meet them? Computers are made with webcams, or you can simply buy a standalone. You can chat with your friends and see them on your computer with just a click of the cursor. Think that's not enough? If you've explored computers, you'll find that it can help you do more than just learn and interact.
Dear local paper, I think computer technology is good. I think it has a good effect on computers. I think computers teach us to work alone without help. Another benefit to computers is that we can chat with friends online. Another thing is that it allows us to understand it and surf the web. Another reason is that it gives us palms. All of these are reasons why I think computers work well. My first topic, why I think it's good for computers is that we can do work on our own without human help. The first reason I think is because it will be easier after looking up the link and getting used to the assignment. It will also help you get more information about your homework and you can get better grades. Another reason is that you will be able to work alone and you will be able to do it faster by going online. My second topic on why it works so well is that you can go online and talk to your friends. The first reason I think about it is that if you don't have a cell phone and you want to talk to your friends, you can go online. Another reason is well, if you can't do something and we're in bondage, you can tell that person you can't. There's another reason it's good because you can talk to relatives you haven't met. My last two topics are that it provides good hand coordination and we can learn to surf the web. It gives us great hand function as we learn how to use our hands and fingers faster. It also keeps us away from typing. You can learn to surf the web because after a while you'll know it's all there and become a network administrator. Finally, you will be able to find everything you are looking for. All in all, these are great results. Computers teach us how to type, how to search and learn online. As you can see, these are the reasons why I think it works well.
Dear Local Newspaper: I strongly believe that computer technology has a negative impact on people in our society. People in our society spend a lot of time on the computer and not enough time to exercise and interact with family and friends. From now on, we can change the lives of thousands of people. First of all, I would like to say that it is important that we exercise every day. If we don't fit exercise into our daily program, we risk putting our health at risk. Activities such as taking your dog for a walk, biking, or jogging in the park are just a few of the ways to help you exercise. Participating in extracurricular activities can also play an important role in exercising. Not only does this help the body, it also helps the mind. Finally, another form of exercise is participating in a local community service project. Exercising every day is just one way to keep you active and away from your computer. Finally, interacting with family and friends can help you stay away from your computer. Playing games is one way to help you stay connected with your family. This can bring you closer to your loved ones and help them get to know you better. Plus, you can play with your friends and develop social skills in the process. Who knew developing social skills would help you in the future. Plus, by interacting with family and friends, you can learn to relax and let your life take its course. This is another useful technique that can improve your quality of life and keep you away from the temptation of your computer. In conclusion, tips like exercising and interacting with family and friends can help you stay away from the computer. By working together and trying these methods, computers can be eliminated from our daily habits.
Dear newspaper, I think computers are great for studying cars or searching for things like people places and things. @ORGANIZATION1 is great because you stay connected with family and friends. Just like you can email them a webcam chat, you can send them an instant message. I think a lot of people should be in @ORGANIZATION1 because you can do anything with them. You can save pictures, download music, and play games. People say some people spend a lot of time on @ORGANIZATION1 and I think they should because they should learn new and different things about cities and even states in different countries. I don't think there's anything wrong with taking the time to @ORGANIZATION1.
Dear local paper, people all over the world use computers! Some people think this is a bad idea, but I disagree. I believe that computers do have a positive effect on one's lifestyle. Computers help people stay connected, computers will only get better, and they help children in many ways. Computers definitely help people stay connected. There's @CAPS1, myspace, twitter, facebook, email, and even video chat. For example, my cousin is at @LOCATION1 and we sometimes video chat on the computer. Without this, we cannot communicate with him. Many people around the world use computers to communicate. This is how people use computers to stay connected. Also, computers are great now and only get better. If computers are as good as they are now, imagine what they will be like in @NUM1 or @NUM2 years from now. Also, the more people buy and use computers, the more companies want to invent new computers. As you can see, computers can only get better. The last reason I want to share with you today is that computers help children tremendously. On average, about @PERCENT1 kids in @CAPS2.S use a computer every day. Kids use it to talk to friends, play games, do homework and many other things. Also, kids and adults will only use computers if they need to know how to do something or even find a place in their town. This is how computers help children. As you can clearly see, computers are used all over the world for many different reasons. They help keep in touch, they only progress and help the child. Everyone uses a computer, doesn't they?
Dear local paper, I firmly believe that computers are not as beneficial to society as people think. I think nature can provide all the same qualities as any computer. Computers cannot provide fitness, real interactions with family and friends, or real-world experiences. Did you know the kids in @PERCENT1 in @LOCATION2 are overweight due to lack of exercise? According to @CAPS1 @PERSON1. a @ORGANIZATION2 and @ORGANIZATION1, computer systems are the main reason for lack of exercise. So why is a system that causes obesity considered good for society? Another thing on the topic is overweight kids spending @NUM1 hours. Postponing healthy activities like basketball or tennis, which also leaves them behind socially, and a lack of healthy experiences, brings me to my next point. People think computers know everything, but the truth is they are all kinds of little things you can experience on a computer. For example, you @MONTH1 read about World War @CAPS2, but you really know what people are thinking or how fighting feels like? Computers can't teach you how to fear, only real life experience can. If you were deployed to the military, a lot of people would write at @LOCATION1. You'll know what it's like to be at war. But playing a game or reading an article doesn't provide experience. My @NUM2 explains how computers are not the biggest impact on socializing is real life interaction with your family and friends. They're just a real way to meet family or friends, and that's personal. People claim they have been talking to their friends and family through @CAPS3 but the only satisfying reason is seeing them real, eg if the only way for them to communicate is to throw @CAPS3 then a romantic relationship will fail. Unlike most successful relationships. I hope my letter to your newspaper will draw attention and I would appreciate it if you would join my cause and help protect society from dangerous computer technology that can lead to obesity, bad relationships and inexperience.
Computers are great technologies, but they have a terrible impact on people's lives! Computers cause kids to fail and lose exercise. The kids also put themselves at risk by joining several different sites. Don't waste time on a boring computer screen! I'm pretty much positive about @PERCENT1, the students who don't do well in school are the ones who go home, throw their backpacks in the hallway, and start playing dumb games online. My mom used to go on and on about how my dad spent so much time @CAPS1 when he only spent NUM1 minutes a day talking to his family. Now, my mom created a @CAPS1, @CAPS2 says @CAPS2 is only for use with family, but @CAPS2 plays all the nonsense apps like "Cafe World". Whenever @CAPS2 is at home, @CAPS2 wastes her time on @CAPS1 while @CAPS2 might go out and spend quality time with family or friends. What I didn't say is that I used to be one of those students who went home and left things in the hallway and turned on the computer, the only difference was that I wasn't playing games online, I'd keep chatting with the friends I just saw! After getting the transcript, I realized that my gades were terribly terrifying. Then my dad cancelled my @CAPS4 and I believe my grades improved. At first I hated my dad for breaking @CAPS4, but now I want to thank him for breaking @CAPS3's disappointing hobby of being online while at home. He also mentioned to my sister how much exercise @CAPS2 lost because @CAPS2 wanted to play online. In many ways, computers are meaningless! Do you know how dangerous some websites are? I used to watch a TV show at my aunt's house where a creepy old guy started a website where teens had to video themselves choking and whoever did it the longest wins. About a hundred students died playing this deadly game. There is also a website "blogtv.com". If teens go online and live stream via webcam, anyone can watch them. I remember one week my cousin Denise and her best friend wanted to see who could get more viewers. The two girls did some inappropriate things on the network show, such as flashing, dirty dancing, and showing body parts. The two girls were subsequently banned from the site, but this was after people took screenshots of them and posted pictures of the girls. This shouldn't allow anyone to do this, it's very disturbing! Stop wasting your life! Get out there and don't let @CAPS4 keep you home. @CAPS4 is unsafe and pointless.
Who does @MONTH1 care about, @CAPS1 How many hours a day do you spend on your computer? Too much is my geuss! They are twisting everyone's minds and things should go back to the way they were in the past, in my opinion. Someone @MONTH1 disagrees and says computers can help school kids. @MONTH1 True, but honestly, just a few decades ago, the average student didn't even have computers, and schools taught the same material without using them. Also, some kids use computers to cheat on homework and papers, and I'm sure many would agree that it doesn't help schooling. Another reason computers @MONTH1 do not benefit society is their danger. Sexual predators are rampant on the internet and many people talking to strangers on the internet @MONTH1 is harmful without even realizing it. The third reason why computers @MONTH1 can't help society @CAPS2 As you can see, I feel very strongly about the negative impact of computers on society for many reasons. I hope you can agree with me
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 men and women who write for a living every day, I hope @CAPS2 you write comments on your computer. They teach @LOCATION3 far-flung places, help build hand-eye coordination, and let @LOCATION3 talk online. Computers are part of everyday life and need to be told. First, computers allow @LOCATION3 to learn about distant places without leaving the room. A friend of my mom, they decided to move to @LOCATION2, she doesn't like computers, so didn't read @LOCATION2's laws, I'll know when I get there. "@CAPS2 did find the law that she didn't find enough reason because she was arrested multiple times in the first few years. A few months after her last arrest, she's back at @LOCATION3 where she can handle the law. @ LOCATION2 is a dynamic country and all arrests are accidental because she doesn't know the law. Ten minutes of searching @LOCATION2's law on a computer would have kept her at @LOCATION1. Next, comptures improve hand-eye coordination. From a survey @PERCENT1 kids who spend more time on the computer do better at tennis and baseball than other kids. @PERSON3, a PE teacher for @ORGANIZATION2 said: â€œ@CAPS3 in these kids who spend time on compture Very weak, need to do some exercise. Dear local paper: @CAPS1 You are the local paper and you have the right to say how you feel about the impact of computers on people. I believe that computers have had a huge impact on people because it can teach hand-eye coordination, it allows people to understand distant places, and it allows you to talk to people. In conclusion, the folks at @PERCENT2 agree with me on computers. First, use computers to teach people hand-eye coordination. For example, my grandmother told me that she knew how to use her hands and eyes because she could use a computer. This is because she is typing and researching information all day. In conclusion, computers are designed to help your eyes and hands be more focused. Second, computers have a lot of interesting information about distant places. Quote from @PERSON2 from @ORGANIZATION1, "I always use a computer at work because it helps me learn so many new things. @CAPS5, it allows my wife and I to search for details on trips we want to continue. " @CAPS5, people agree with what @PERSON2 said. However, the folks at @MONTH1 say the computer gives the wrong information many times, but @CAPS2 you found a great site that will never lie to you. Third, @CAPS2 you use a computer and it allows you to chat online or video with friends or family around the world. What good is this for you because @CAPS2 you haven't seen your relatives in a long time, you can't buy a ticket to visit them and then video chat. It brings people closer and you see the world in a completely different way. @CAPS5, instead of wasting all your phone time, go get a laptop or computer with a camera so you can video chat. Finally, it's important to accept others and take an active part in their lives. All in all, you'll have great eye coordination, you'll be able to research far-flung places, and you'll always be allowed to video chat or talk to your family online. @CAPS5, I want you to tell the world that computers are useful and that people use them every day without any problems. In the end, you'll have the best feeling ever @CAPS2, you know you believe spending time on the computer can teach you a lot, so you'll make everyone smile! From so many students with better hand-eye coordination, they will love the tennis they are good at. @PERSON1, Professor of Anthropology at @ORGANIZATION1: "Technology helps with hand-eye. Many people who use computers more than others perform better at @CAPS6 @CAPS7 and similar games." This shows hand-eye and movement How to relate to a computer. Also, the computer helps @LOCATION3 talk to other people. When kids go to college, they can still email their families and talk to them. Talking to others through a computer makes the world go round. World business requires computers to connect with each other to discuss plans for how to develop economically. In the end, computers are useful and should be more useful. They teach @LOCATION3 distance, improve hand-eye coordination, and let @LOCATION3 talk to others. @CAPS2 Write an article showcasing a professional or computer and more people will experience their wonders.
Dear local paper, Millions of people use computers every day. I believe that computer technology has a positive impact on people. I think computers have a positive effect on people because people use them for research. People use computers to communicate with distant people. Computers are even used as news sources. In my opinion, computers make things easier. Computers have a positive effect on people because they are very helpful. You can use a computer to study different things. @CAPS1 You have a computer and you can learn new things about places you didn't know existed. For example, @CAPS1 you have a homework assignment, you don't have to use a book to get the information, you can just use your computer. So, for these reasons, I think computers have a positive effect on people. Computers are always used for several things. However, I think people use computers the most to communicate. On your computer, you can communicate with friends and family who live in other states. Instead of sending letters to people in the mail, people now use email and instant messaging. You can talk to people faster and easier this way. Computers have a positive effect on people. It makes some things in life easier. I don't understand why they affect people negatively. It's the year of @DATE1 and basically everything uses computers. Remember how we used to read newspapers to keep up with breaking news and important things? Well, because we have computers, many people don't read newspapers. On a computer, you can read entire newspapers and even learn more about what's going on in our world. So what's the point of even reading a newspaper, @CAPS1 do you have a computer? I believe that computers have a positive impact on people's lives because you can do anything on a computer. You can research information, communicate with people, and use it as a news resource. Doesn't this make life easier? So why do some people think that computers have a negative impact on people?
Dear local paper, @CAPS1, your everyday computer could be wasting your life. Your computer time can take away your time exercising and enjoying nature, distract you from human nature like communication, and waste a lot of energy. Imagine yourself, sitting at your desk, talking to some online friends. Take away your computer and all you're doing is sitting there, not burning a calorie, not exercising a muscle, [expecting your fingers] @CAPS2 don't you think you should be doing something more useful to your life ? Like walking, enjoying nature? I think so. Nature is beautiful. So @CAPS4 enjoy it through the window next to your desk? Obesity is a problem in @LOCATION1. @PERCENT1 in @CAPS3 is considered "fat" @CAPS4 Would you consider just sitting in a chair to get through your day? Hit the gym and lose some extra pounds! Communication via @CAPS5 is overrated, people can't express their emotions! All they can do is send a smiley or happy face. Communicating only with your friends can cause you to miss things. For example, let's say your workplace cancels the news, but you @CAPS2 don't see it because you're @CAPS6-ing with your friends. @CAPS6? @PERCENT2 in @CAPS2 didn't even "lol" @CAPS7 they sent it to their friends. Plus you @MONTH1 even go to your friend's house instead of laughing and you'll say @CAPS6. Instead of gasping, you said, "@CAPS9!" I mean come on people, go out and actually "communicate" @CAPS10, so you bought one of those new lights? Too bad you don't save any energy with that computer every day @CAPS1. @CAPS1, @CAPS11, uses roughly the same amount of energy as @NUM1 regular light bulbs in @NUM2 hours, @CAPS12 that light really saves you that much money. Haven't you heard? The economy is bad, which means we @CAPS2 don't have a lot of money, which means you're wasting your energy playing online games, which is a waste of money. Someone has to work overtime this week, not me. I @CAPS2 don't think hairspray is the reason for the layer being destroyed...computers suck and not good enough reasons to use. They enjoy nature and reduce your communication level, not to mention waste a lot of energy. So my point is valid.
I believe the reason people use computers so much is because most people probably have to work on a computer, or maybe even complete a project. But I understand what the article says "some experts worry that people are spending too much time computing and exercising less". Most teens use computers early and become addicted because there are so many things to do on the computer, like downloading games for free and playing with other people. People all over the world, but would you think anyone would play video games on their computer and have free time? No! Most adults don't play games on the computer, they work or study literature. But after that, they continue to do their daily life, but a lot of teens are on the computer every day and rarley gets exercise. The internet has opened up many new enhancements and over the past few years you can search the web for old friends from mabey old schooled and even chat with people you don't know from all over the world. You can have a @NUM1 @CAPS1 and buy a new song or album, then go to the local store, or even shop online to have the clothes already brought to you. Over the years, they would never do that, instead renting or buying movies to put on your @CAPS2.
Dear local paper, @CAPS1 On a beautiful sunny day, people are on their computers rather than enjoying the weather. This is what happens if people use them. I believe computers have a bad effect on people because their communication skills will decline, people won't get enough exercise and their health will suffer. As I mentioned, everyone who uses a computer every day degrades their communication skills. People enter chat rooms without knowing who they are talking to. For example, if I log in and chat, someone may ask for your personal information, such as where you live, your phone number, and your name. This can lead to things like kidnapping or even rape. Also, less interaction with family and friends @MONTH1. You can play computer games, online games or watch random videos of people on youtube. It is said that you are intubating a dangerous place for young children. When clicking on the wrong website brings them to inappropriate websites, children may visit their most recently visited websites based on history. Finally, teens and adults are on Facebook and Twitter. Some @MONTH1s say these sites @MONTH1 have changed social interactions, but that's not the case. Children and adults are constantly addicted to it. Telling people what you are doing every moment of every day is not true. People don't need to know what time of day you do things, I keep that up, our communication skills are definitely going down. Second, exercise is a problem. According to @ORGANIZATION1, doctors say their parent @PERCENT1 is obese or overweight. Instead of hanging out with them, kids just sit at home and play computer games like The Sims @NUM1 and video chat with their friends. No one really went for a walk either. Also, people don't go out and enjoy nature like you do. @PERSON1, a state @LOCATION1 from @LOCATION1 from @LOCATION2 said, "There are fewer and fewer people every year. Soon all parks will have to close." @CAPS2 doesn't want that to happen, does it? I know I won't. Our generation is becoming increasingly technologically enhanced. Finally, more and more people are becoming unhealthy. If a person is on a computer every day, their vision is most likely to decline. My aunt uses her computer every day at work. She went to the ophthalmologist because her vision was weakening. The first question he asked was, do you use your computer every day? She answered yes. He said she needed cataraks eye surgery. This is the result of using a computer. Finally, your hands and fingers may develop arthritis from typing and using a mouse all the time. Many 40 year olds may need hand surgery at all jobs, love it! As you can see, technology is hurting your communication skills, exercise, and health. I bet you don't want your descendants to be like this. So join today and contact your local newspaper.
Dear @CAPS1, I believe that computers have a negative impact on people's lives. Computers take up a lot of people's time and can be used for other things. The Internet also contains a lot of content that is not suitable for children. But most importantly, there are so many petafiles online that prey on young children. These are all ways in which computers negatively impact people's lives. Computers take up a lot of precious time that can be used for other, more important things. Childhood obesity rates in the United States are climbing. There is no doubt that electronics played a huge role in this event. For example, my brother plays with the computer every day, so he hardly goes out. He let the computer and the internet take over his life, leaving no room for anything else. There is a lot more. From songs to sites containing pornographic content. Most sites won't even remind you that you need to be @NUM1 or older to view content, and rarely ask for evidence in practice. There are millions of websites that contain this type of content. This is indeed a pressing issue that needs to be addressed. On top of that, there are millions of worms on the internet that feed on children in their teenage years. It's really disgusting. There are millions of chat sites where people can meet and chat. Petafile runs on these sites under aliases, posing as teenagers and children. Their motive is to lure teens to meet them in a safe place and commit rape. Some victims have been loud enough to speak out, but sadly, most are either afraid or ashamed to do so, all through the internet. For these reasons, I say that computers have a negative impact on the life of computers, because some positive but sad harm outweighs the benefits, such as the aforementioned time consuming, content on the Internet. I truly believe that the earth would be a better place without computers.
I think we can all agree that computer use is a very controversial issue. In my opinion, I think computers have a negative impact on people. For example, it's not safe and kids have access to all kinds of things on the internet. Also, people now spend too much time in front of the computer every day, @CAPS1, it's a major distraction and a negative for kids. Schoolwork. Don't miss out, don't miss out! Do we think computers have a negative impact? You decide! Isn't every parent most concerned about the safety of their children? On the Internet, children can access anything. Sometimes kids don't even look for bad things, they just pop up. Do you want your kids to see things you can't control? Also, sites like @CAPS2.com are one of the most worrisome when it comes to internet security. Although you should have at least @NUM1 to have @CAPS2, most kids will lie about their age. Did you know that @NUM2 of @NUM3 @CAPS2 users lie about their age? It's not always a @NUM4 year old saying they are @NUM1, it could be a @NUM6 year old saying they are @NUM7! Not only do people lie about their age, but they also lie about their identities. Is this the kind of web exposer you want for your kids? Stop this now! @CAPS3 over @PERCENT1 is overweight and unhealthy. This is another negative effect of computers on people. It's a wonderful @DATE1 day. Clear blue sky, marshmallow clouds, sunny, and warm Bryce. The perfect day out for activities, right? Incorrect! No one will @CAPS5 inside the computer. People don't go for walks, but @CAPS5 spends hours on Facebook. This is a serious problem for our health. People just don't exercise enough, and then you add a computer, and people will never be active! Rather than playing video games online, reminding people to turn off their computers and play a fun community game of baseball is just as fun and far more rewarding. This is just one step @CAPS3 needs to achieve a healthier lifestyle. don't you agree? Did you know that kids who spend more time on the computer are more likely to perform poorly in school? Of course, if nothing convinces you of the negative effects of computers, this will @CAPS5 spend more time in front of the computer than going home and doing homework. As a student, I admit that computers are a very tempting distraction that can easily pull students away from their studies. You can't expect a kid to make the right decision and tell them they have to go because they need to learn. So so are you! Act now or your child will surely suffer. It's time to make a decision. Do you think computers have a negative impact on people? Obviously, computers are not safe. Not to mention, too much time is spent on the computer instead of being active. On top of that, computers can negatively impact a child's grades. Don't wait another minute! Let's agree and do something about it!
Dear @PERSON1, Computers are very helpful in daily activities, but computers also have a bad side. Some users are addicted to their @CAPS1 or @CAPS2, they stay away from friends and family, if using @CAPS4 is fun, they don't use it, but you shouldn't overuse it! Some people are almost addicted to their @CAPS4. I can't blame them, they can charge iPods, tweet, listen to music, play games and more at the same time! A computer is great, but overusing it can make you miss a lot of activity. People almost feel (and some do) that they have to go to the farm to harvest crops on facebook, or control their @LOCATION1 on @CAPS3. They are so engrossed in it that they miss important daily activities. It shouldn't be because it's become an epidemic and everyone is being sucked into their computers! People using @CAPS4 @NUM1 stay away from their friends and family! They're like oh, I haven't talked about his surgery, I wonder how he's doing! Let's see! They go on and you can talk to someone with just a click! Talking to someone on Facebook or Twitter is not the same as talking to them in person! Like people think computers are @CAPS4 keep people away from their friends and family, they only talk on Facebook. When people use @CAPS4, they get lazy! Someone addicted to @CAPS4 will say "@CAPS5 should go to their gym but let me check my twitter first!" Two hours later, they go to the gym! People shouldn't be exercising too often! When people are going to lay @NUM2 minutes on @CAPS4, it takes @NUM3 hours! They have to log in, chat with friends, check emails, check tweets, check out their restaurants, check videos on YouTube, and do all other types of things! Computers are great, but have the side effects of addiction, being away from friends and family, and not exercising. @CAPS4 addicts should minimize their time on @CAPS4!
Dear Newspaper, @CAPS1 is concerned that people use computers a lot and don't spend enough time outdoors enjoying nature or exercising. I am writing this letter to tell you that using a computer has some advantages. First, kids and even adults can chat with their friends there online. Your popley thought the kids were already friends there at school, but @CAPS2 they moved. They could have moved to a different city, state or even country and the only @MONTH1 connected to them is they can't call each other @CAPS2 They are really far and that would be a nice phone bill. 75% of people talk to friends through a computer. About half were talking to friends who lived in another state. or country. Do you really want people to lose their friends? Next, people can actually make new friends, like pen pals, on the computer. A pen pal is someone you write to, but they don't live in the same state or sometimes even the same country as you. Assigned at school, but you can be your pen pal on your @CAPS2 who is not in the same country as you and doesn't speak fluent @CAPS3 You can teach them @CAPS3 and they can teach you these languages. Finally, the kids can keep playing you can limit their computer time Some people want to play on "@CAPS5, you can play it the next day away from her computer. @CAPS2 wants to keep playing on the computer that day, turned ten One turn, the parent should take the computer away, and so on. Once your kids finally cooperate, they get to use the computer. As you can see, there are a lot of things to do with a computer, from talking to faraway friends to making new ones Computer Timeline. Thank you for taking the time to read this letter.
Dear local paper: @CAPS1, did you know that more than half of the people in our country own a home computer? Recently, however, some experts have become concerned about whether computers are good for society. I was asked to state my point of view that I believe computers have a positive impact as they are a necessity for work, allow for online socialising and expand travel. After reading this, I believe you will agree. First, a computer is required to work and @ORGANIZATION1. Students keep their papers, study guides, and homework updates in files in @CAPS5. Offices will not have access to @CAPS8 computers; workers rely on Internet email systems. Interview with a student from @ORGANIZATION1: "My @CAPS5 is for everything; I can't handle the workload of @CAPS8 @CAPS3." @CAPS2 asked why, he replied: "@CAPS3 keeps everything organized, It's an easier way to research a topic." One lawyer said, "You can't support clients if you don't have the right tools, and @CAPS5 is on @MONEY1 those tools." @CAPS4, @CAPS8 Computer Office There will be a breakdown, and student grades will drop. Can you imagine writing a newspaper on @CAPS8 and @CAPS5? Second, internet access allows people to meet new people. Many sites like '@CAPS6' and '@CAPS7' allow people to reconnect with old friends and make new ones. @PERCENT1 @MONEY1 This country has accounts on social networking sites, @PERCENT2 @MONEY1 This country says their friend base has expanded to these groups (according to a poll). One psychologist explained, "Some people are too shy to meet new people in person; online blooms." @CAPS8 Internet, citizens @MONEY1 @LOCATION1 know very little about people in other countries. However, my next reason is even bigger. Finally, @CAPS8 Internet, people will travel less. The Internet allows citizens to research places they want to visit and buy transportation to their destinations. @CAPS3 is also an easy and efficient way for @MONEY1 to book tourist accommodation. A poll conducted by @ORGANIZATION2 airport shows that @PERCENT3 @MONEY1 travelers book flights online and @CAPS8 online "booking flight wait times will be unbearable; or stop travelers altogether" (quoting workers). My people and I went to airports and train stations across the country and each interviewed @NUM1 people. We asked how they bought the tickets, @PERCENT4 @MONEY1 they said online. "@CAPS9 you mean, how? @MONEY1 classes on the internet! If we line up all day, no one can get anywhere!" said one person interviewed. Airport provides @LOCATION2 government with @MONEY1, @CAPS8 internet to reduce people travel. There, a computer is mandatory. Computers have a positive impact on homeowners; as they make it easy to organize and research, socialize online and @MONEY1 a better way to book transportation. @CAPS8 Computers go online and our business will collapse and the economy will follow. I know you agree with me.
Dear @PERSON1, Advanced technology has a very negative impact on people. Because of computers, people spend too much time on computers and less time doing things that are better for them. First, spending too much time on the computer can be harmful to your health in many ways. For example, looking at a bright computer screen for more than @NUM1 minutes at a time is very bad for your eyes. Brightness can damage your eyes and can cause severe vision loss. Also, if you spend all your time indoors and at the computer, you won't get the amount of exercise you need. @PERSON1, did you know that for every @NUM2 minutes on your computer, you should spend @NUM2 minutes outside. Getting fresh air, sunlight and exercise is very important. Also, another problem with computers is that you can't interact much with people. With live chat, you have no way of knowing how the other person is feeling, @PERSON1, or if you're talking to someone else you think you're talking to. It's better to meet people face to face. In order to have good social health, you need to hang out with your friends, laugh and have a good time, not sit in a dark room talking to your online friends. @PERSON1, people need to interact with real people. Also, computers can be a distraction for many people. For example, @PERSON1, says you need to type an essay on your computer for your dissertation, but you decide to play a minute game, or find something, or talk to a friend. You say it only takes a minute and then you enter the article. But when you suddenly stopped, you played @NUM4 hours. Then you have to stay up all night to finish. Computers are very distracting. People of all ages have problems with being distracted by computers and unable to get work done. In conclusion, although computers are a technological advance, they also have very negative side effects. @PERSON1, I feel like it's our job to tell people about the negative effects of computers. It's our job to help people overcome the side effects of computers. Please @PERSON1, we need to help people by writing an article in the newspaper to warn them of the dire effects of computers.
Dear local paper, I think computers are great because you can get to know other people, like celebrities who did it a long time ago. Computers are good because you can learn about other places like @LOCATION2, @LOCATION1, Texas, and more. It's interesting to learn about other places. It's nice to have a computer because you have access to the internet, you can play games, and see a lot of other times you'll enjoy. You can talk to far away friends. Talk from mySpace or yahoo and other sites and you can talk to all kinds of different people you meet at your wedding.
Humans have always been interested in technology. Computers are only part of it. I think computers have a positive impact on people. They teach hand-eye coordination, protect trees, and let people know everything. Hand-eye coordination is a critical part of our daily lives. Driving a car or writing all indecent hand-eye coordination. I remember a few years ago I didn't have great hand-eye coordination and I had a hard time catching the ball. Now, I spend up to an hour and a half on the computer. I've noticed that my hands are cleaner and I can now catch the ball with ease. Do you want to be the one who crashes due to poor hand-eye coordination? Not only can computers improve your hand-eye coordination, they can also protect trees. No paper is required to use the computer. You can read and write without using a single sheet of paper. Computer @PERCENT1 has stopped due to tree chopping. Saving trees helps us survive. Trees can release the oxygen we breathe. Some say computers are reducing the time people spend enjoying nature. I don't think we would enjoy nature much anyway without computers. Finally, computers can help people around the world understand almost anything. I believe boy, the chief scientist said, "With computers, we can tell the world what we have discovered." @CAPS1. @PERSON1 said "@CAPS2 a lot of people died on their computers, they learned a lot of @CAPS2 nutrients from health sites". Thanks to the computer, we found a doctor to help my father fix it. Ordinary people can learn about extraordinary things every day. There are even many dictionaries of different translations on the Internet, and you usually need the book about @NUM1 to do these translations. Computers are one of the greatest technological advances to date. @CAPS2 also helps our world in many different ways. Hand-eye coordination is important @CAPS2 and is protecting our environment. If you don't have knowledge, you can't make any progress in life. Our whole world feels that way.
Guarantee, @NUM1 years from now, we'll still be using the computer they might be talking to a friend, researching something, or typing for @ORGANIZATION1. Computers are great and allow us to do a lot of things we couldn't do on our own. Life could be very different without the computer as we know it. First, computers let us talk to friends and family. Allowing us to communicate with each other without leaving the safety of our home. Look, just recently a girl from @CAPS1 went to her friend's house to do homework together. When they were done, the girl tried to walk home, but she was never seen again. With computers, we can do homework with friends without leaving home. Obviously, life would be very different without computers as we know them. Second, computers allow us to study things we don't know. Allows us to do projects without having to look at old books that may not have information. If I were to search for @ORGANIZATION1 you're looking for it would give me a map pointing to its location and school website where I can find my homework for the evening. As you can see, computers allow uds to do things that would take us longer to do. No doubt, life would be very different without computers as we know them @CAPS2, computers allow us to do our homework on it, whether it be research or just typing, it allows us to do more capable things. Most of our daily homework is on the computer. It's just @DATE1 that we have to enter a tip at the vending machine in @ORGANIZATION1. So far in @NUM2 grade our homework is on @CAPS3 almost every night, if we forget to write our homework we will have another one to get this information. Obviously, life would be very different without computers as we know them. In addition, computers are constantly advancing in technology that is constantly being used. Computers allow us to find valuable information. about things around the world. They let us talk to friends and family around the world. They @CAPS3 help us achieve great things in @ORGANIZATION1, be it homework or classwork. Without them, it takes two to three times as long to do something without them. In the end, I believe the people who oppose them are just not using them in the right way.
I don't think computers are good, here are three reasons why I think it's bad; @CAPS1, when people spend too much time or time on computers, computers can cause blindness, @CAPS2, people need to relax their eyesight and Do something instead of being on their computer, @CAPS3, people need to use the computer for less time. Here are three reasons why I think computers don't work well. @CAPS1 I think the reason computers don't work well is that when people spend too much time on the computer, the computer can cause blindness because the computer screen is so brightly lit that people can't just stare at the monitor, worse The thing is, they can lose sight and eventually go blind. That's why you have to stay away from the screen, but it's not good to be on a computer for too long. That's why I @CAPS1, why I think computers don't work well because computers can cause people to go blind when they spend too much time on them. @CAPS2 I think the reason computers don't work well is that people need to relax their vision and do something not on their computer because when people are on their computer too much they can't go downstairs and talk to their Family and friends, they can't go out and enjoy the glory of nature and the outside world, and if they have nothing, they can only read books, paint, watch @CAPS4, etc. They can do those things instead of wasting time on their computers. That's me @CAPS2 I think the reason computers don't work well is that people need to relax their vision and do something not on their computer. The last reason I think computers don't work well is that people need to spend less time on the computer because when people use less time on the computer it's a good thing because now they can finally spend so much with their family and friends time with them. It saves energy, saves you from paying a lot of electricity bills, and finally relaxes your eyesight. In summary, three reasons; @CAPS1, when people spend too much time on computers, computers can cause blindness. @CAPS2, people need to relax their vision and do something instead of being on their computer, @CAPS3, people need to spend less time using their computer, and that will prove that computers work I think it's pretty bad.
Dear Editor, I think people are using computers more and more without benefiting much, people are exercising less, not seeing nature, and not spending quality time with family and friends. Read on to learn more. First, people are not getting enough exercise. Especially children, who spend a lot of time on the computer and become overweight. America is in the midst of a childhood obesity crisis. So computers have stepped in. Many adults are overweight because they sit in front of a computer all day and play games. I think computers are less healthy for us. Second, people don't go hiking or traveling to appreciate the beauty of nature. The Earth has so much to offer and new things to explore and discover. One can discover many great wonders. Finding new species is what you need to explore in nature: animals, fish, plants, and many more waiting to be discovered. Reason @NUM1 why computers are not benefiting us. Third, family and friends don't have as many good times as they should. The reality you talk to through your computer, why not talk to them in real life. Friends chatting online on facebook, aiming, whatever, why not talk in person and have good memories of each other? More kids are spending time on the computer than sitting down for a family meal and experiencing what a family is supposed to talk about. Reason @NUM2 about why computers are not good for us. In short, computers are taking over our minds without much exercise. See the beauty of nature and spend less money with your family.
Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3, experts have been concerned that people are spending too much time on the computer and it is bad for their health. They were wrong. Computers help people communicate, learn, and even provide entertainment. For these reasons, computers are good. Computers help people communicate with family and friends, some @MONTH1 think cell phones are better for communication than computers, but computers are farther away and you'll never get a busy tone. Some phone services are very expensive, and long distance calls cost more. However, with a computer, you can send emails worldwide...at no extra cost. Plus, with a computer, you'll never be put on hold or hear a busy tone. You just send a message and do whatever you want while waiting for a reply. Computers also help educate people. Many people are taking classes online, especially at the college level. In fact, about half of those now taking college courses...haven't even gone to school! This can help many people who work most of the day because they can earn a degree. Also, computers can help people with little things like "where is the nearest @ORGANIZATION1" or "how much does something cost". Computers can help people plan vacations, or learn about countries on the other side of the world. Computers can also provide entertainment to people. People who need something to cheer them up can watch a fun video with the click of a button. People who are bored can play one of the countless games that have been created, ranging from pointless to addictive, from small to large. For all @CAPS4 enthusiasts, PCs are an option. Another option for songs that don't cost money, and music videos that don't cost money. Sure, a computer won't fit in your pocket, but there's always a laptop. From what you've just read, it should be easy to see that computers improve people's lives because they provide education, communication, and entertainment.
Computer, if you ask me, @LOCATION1 thread. Sure, they're very good for you, but that doesn't mean that if you use it correctly, it can be a source of life. Computers are helpful in many ways, they can be kiosks. Social networks can help your child interact more with the world. At school, children have projects and no computers. Read on and I will explain in detail. As you know, computers are one of the greatest information stations in the world. @NUM1 people surveyed said computers are a value in everyday life, Haiti earthquake is recovering now, but half the world will not know there is no computer so have a heart and don't take away the most valuable information in the world. Second, what would you say if I told you that kids are more socially inept than ever! Well, it's true. Over NUM2 people in the world rely on attractive websites to communicate with each other. In fact, kids have more friends on the Internet than ever before. You don't want to be the @LOCATION1 in all of this, you know being the one who keeps kids from surviving? I do not think so. Lastly, all the people in the school are using computers for projects like @PERSON2's terrible handwriting, the biggest project of the year. So he turned on the computer and typed, and he started. But what if there are (@CAPS1) computers! @PERSON2 will get @CAPS2 - for this project. In fact, @CAPS3 teachers tell kids to enter hardware/items. @PERSON1 said "@CAPS 3 year olds passed my class by typing, if they did then they would all fail!" @CAPS4 Got it, but more importantly you? ! To sum it up for those of you who are too lazy not to read story articles. Computers are used for everyday needs, such as finding information. Make friends, or do projects. So, are you going to sit back and let this happen, or stand up and stop this madness once and for all. It's your choice, but think about the socially retarded, stupid kids who fail @CAPS3 grade.
Dear newspaper readers, @CAPS1 How many hours do you spend on your computer every day? In this modern world, @CAPS2 @MONTH1 seems hard to get you out of that trusty computer screen and face life. Almost everyone in @LOCATION1 has a computer, about @PERCENT1, and @CAPS2 is destroying our country. With all this time wasted in the virtual world, people lack exercise, causing many problems. They also avoid the outdoors and lose touch with family and friends. I think computers cause too many problems, maybe, given my evidence by @ORGANIZATION1, you might. Statistically, @ORGANIZATION1 is the most overweight country. A reason for @ORGANIZATION1? Hours @ORGANIZATION1 Sitting in front of the computer instead of healthy exercise @CAPS3 It's all about spending our lives on the computer, sitting and clicking is not exercise. A severe lack of @ORGANIZATION1 exercise is causing health problems. Inactivity can lead to obesity, which can severely damage joints. Then diabetes develops, robbing you of your quality of life @ORGANIZATION1. Finally, there is heart disease, the number one killer in our country. Is it all because of spending time on the computer? You @MONTH1 asking @CAPS4 @ORGANIZATION1 the time @CAPS3 spends on a computer is more damaging than that. Every day is beautiful in its own way, and sometimes @CAPS2 is beautiful to us because what is beautiful to us (when @CAPS2 comes outside) is clear skies and warm temperatures. Comes often these days, but what does @ORGANIZATION1 do? Glancing out the window, then back to texting on the @ORGANIZATION2 laptop. Our bodies need this @CAPS5, @CAPS5 @CAPS6. @CAPS3 gets @CAPS2 from the sun, @CAPS3 doesnâ€™t get @CAPS2 without going out. Not taking trips outdoors deprives our bodies @ORGANIZATION1 of an important @CAPS5. It's not just our health that @CAPS2 affects, the @CAPS7 inside the computer keeps us from experiencing the real thing. @CAPS3 Learn stuff on a computer, but only virtually. What happens when @CAPS3 is forced into the real world and can't really do anything? Everyone loves to have friends and family, so @CAPS2 doesn't make sense why @CAPS3 would rather email them with trivial stuff than talk to @ORGANIZATION1. Instant messaging doesn't really connect people because the conversation is planned and you have time to think, so the person doesn't know what you're going to say. This breaks human connections, once @CAPS3 can't work together, not even with family, @ORGANIZATION1 can't work together at all, and no one wants that. Computers take too much away to spend so much time. Obviously, they are harmful to people. Not only do they effectively cause obesity, they also fool us into thinking that @CAPS3 can do something real, that @CAPS3 can only do it virtually, and keep close ones apart. @CAPS2 ruined @LOCATION1. A country cannot be sick, useless and isolated. It's time for @CAPS2 to get off the computer and into real life before @LOCATION1 is destroyed by these effects of the computer.
Dear @CAPS1 newspaper, I recently read that some people disagree with computers. They believe people use them all the time. I don't agree with them. An example of why I disagree is because they give a person the ability to talk to someone. this is a good idea! Don't you want to communicate if your friends move a few states? Well, long distance rates are high and many people can't afford it, how will you meet your friends later? Well, if you send her a photo or video chat over the web, you can! Also, it's a good idea if you want to send small messages like "@NUM1 see you" instead of saying it on the phone and paying more when it's free on your computer. Computers also teach hand-eye coordination, which is important in the world. You can play games, take quizzes and exams, study online, and even listen to music, which is important to us. There are also websites where you can learn how to use a keyboard, and use electronics like a computer! Finally, computers allow you to see far away without even being there. This can help you work on a project in a place you've never been, plan a family reunion or vacation, or find a place where you can have fun in the bright sun, many people think too many people are stuck on their computers Before exercising and not outside. To prevent this, they should limit the amount of computer and electronic time they have each day, and go to a faraway place to exercise. So, computers teach hand-eye coordination, let you talk to others, and let you see far away. Don't you think this is great? think about it.
Dear @ORGANIZATION2 (our local newspaper), @CAPS1 brought to my attention that more and more people are using computers. This is a great progress for our society! Computers have a positive impact on people because they can teach hand-eye coordination, enable people to understand distant places and people, and even allow people to converse with other people online. @ORGANIZATION1, computers are having a huge impact! First, computers have a positive impact on people because they teach hand-eye coordination. This has always been useful in everyday life! Statistics show that athletes with computers are more talented at things that require hands (like baseball or basketball) than those without a computer @PERCENT1. Having a computer can also improve the way you use your hands in other activities. Simple things like washing dishes while driving have become easier thanks to the improved hand-eye coordination that computers bring. This is the wonderful effect of computers on people. In addition to computer teaching of hand-eye coordination, they can also help you learn about distant places and people. Thanks to computer technology, this wonderful information is more accessible. â€œ@CAPS2 I didnâ€™t use my laptop to write my @CAPS3 @CAPS4 reports,â€ said @PERSON1 and @NUM1 graders, â€œI can never finish. Books take a long time and I go to school from a computer Got to know a lot about my subject!" @CAPS2 You are on vacation and you can easily research the location and culture of your destination using this advanced search engine. Why don't you use a computer when you learn a lot from them? Finally, computers have a positive impact on people because they help people communicate with each other. They have plenty of ways to video chat, @CAPS6 messages, and even speak up to whoever you want to communicate with. â€œLast year @DATE1, I had to leave my best friend,â€ said @PERSON3, a resident of @LOCATION1, â€œwith my computer, we can still talk to each other and remain friends.â€ Computers are undoubtedly about communicating with friends and family good way. Computers have a positive impact on people because they teach hand-eye coordination, enable people to understand distant places and people; and even allow people to talk to each other online. So, @PERSON2, more and more computer users is a good thing! Ask yourself, how will computers positively impact your life?
Dear newspaper, In my opinion, computers are really good for society because computers are like a big electronic dictionary, they help our soldiers stay out of the line of fire. Computers benefit our society because they are like an electronic encyclopedia. Instead of going through the dictionary page by page to find a word, all you have to do is type @LOCATION1 on the internet and type the word into the search box and everything will pop up. When I have to write an essay about someone, I usually use the internet. I was going to write a paper on @PERSON1 the other day, so I went online, found a website, took notes, wrote it in my own words, and made a work called page. I think it's easier than finding time to make one for you and then finding only children's books about that person. You can also find places like @CAPS1 @LOCATION2, or if you need to find the location of a place, use @ORGANIZATION1. Computers also benefit our society because they are like big cell phones with huge keyboards. My big sister always uses @CAPS2 on her computer to talk to her friends. This helped her learn to type. There are also new things like @CAPS3 where you can play games with friends and talk to them while playing. Finally, computers benefit our society because they help keep our soldiers out of the line of fire. When I looked at Future Weapons, I saw unnamed helicopters that could be controlled from hundreds of miles away. There is also a robot for mining mines, which could save many lives. When I interviewed @CAPS4 @CAPS5 from the military, he said, "@CAPS6 uses these helicopters all the time. @CAPS6 also likes that no one has to be on the helicopter, so @CAPS6 doesn't have to worry." In short, computers are good for our society, Because they're like big electronic encyclopedias, they're also like big cell phones with huge keyboards, and in the end they help keep our soldiers out of the line of fire. At school @CAPS6 has been using a computer to write papers and research different things.
Technologies such as computers are very large. I believe that computers have a good influence on people. People who use computers mostly use it to connect with family, do research, or for neatness rather than writing on paper. I believe that people who don't think computers have a good influence on people shouldn't bother to waste their time using computers. People at @PERCENT1 only use their computers to keep in touch with their families. Often your family either lives far away or in another state and you don't see them very often. That's why I think video chatting on a computer is a good thing. One more family is coming, you can @CAPS1-mail @CAPS2 your family instead of calling them because they will always speak to you. Lastley If you use myspace, facebook or twitter, you can connect with old friends, not just family. "@CAPS2 my teachers love my computer for homework, they say it's cleaner" said @CAPS3 romano from Qiang High School. Teachers prefer it when you use a computer for homework. When you're writing a book report or writing a story, you'll want to write your paper in icrosoft words so it's easier for the teacher to read. Also, if you're in a science class and need to make a diagram, you'll want to use exal to make the diagram or graph look more professional. Finally, whether you want to do a preview on the damn @DATE1 or little @CAPS4 9, you want to use a power point instead of just reading from a notecard. If people don't have google or yahoo, they won't know what to do, then computers are great for research. If a student gives a talk on something, they want to know more, and then look, the topic comes out. Also, if your family is having a discussion at dinner and you don't know what they're talking about, you look it up online, and finally if you're just looking for the lyrics to a song because you and your friends disagree on something . Once again I believe that computers have a great influence on people and are good for connecting with friends and family. Good for neatness and finally good for re-studying anything!
Dear newspaper, computers have come a long way since their inception. Some see the computer as a way to corrupt the brain, while others see it as a learning device. Although computers have negative effects on children, they have more positive effects because they enable people to learn about distant places and allow people to talk to each other online. First, computers are bad because they can be used as a way of babysitting. When you're on the computer, you just sit there staring at pictures and text on the screen. Some parents use computers to keep their kids quiet instead of spending time outside. Growing up in such an environment, children only play with computers. Kids are full of energy and they need to do something productive instead of playing computer games and talking to friends. They talk to friends throughout the school day, and they need to do something with their family to keep them healthy. By using the computer as a nanny, you as a parent are leading your child to obesity because all they do is play and they are not taking care of their bodies properly. On the other hand, computers enable people to understand distant places and people. What would you do if your teacher gave you a last minute write-up about @LOCATION2 to finish in a week? You can't fly to @LOCATION2 and ask the guys at @CAPS1 what you want to know. That would be a waste of time and money. If you go to the library and they don't have books, you're in trouble. But by using a computer, you can find endless information about @LOCATION2, and you could finish that article in a day if you wanted to. Also, if you're going to @LOCATION4 and you don't know anything about @LOCATION4, you won't be very confident going. You will feel like a tourist. However, if you go online and search @LOCATION4, you can find traditions, clothing, and more. Finally, if you want to learn more about a celebrity who is no longer around, you can find pictures of them on your computer, what they did, how they became famous, etc. Finally, computers allow people to talk to other people online. Let's say your grandma lives in @LOCATION3 and you can't call often because your phone bill will be high, so what do you do? You chat online because you both have computers and you don't have to pay to make calls. For example, both my grandmother and grandfather live in @LOCATION1. When we called there it cost a lot because they were so far away. When they got a computer, we each bought a webcam and called them daily on @ORGANIZATION1. Now, we not only talk to them, but also meet them. If your friends don't have a phone and you really need to get them to do their homework, you can go online, aim or Facebook and ask them. You know you'll always get an answer because everyone is always on the computer at some point of the day. Although computers have negative effects on children, they have more positive effects because they enable people to learn about people from afar and allow you to chat with other people online.
Dear paper, I think computers have a big impact on the folks at @CAPS1, they don't get the exercise they need because it's just a finger exercise. In front of the computer, you don't look at anything but the screen. If you only look at the computer screen in the empty time, it is not good for anyone's health. Another reason I think @CAPS1 affects people is that they don't need to eat there, just something fast like junk food so they can be on the computer. All of these effects stay on @CAPS1, people either go to places or go there and may not go out when their effects need to
Dear @LOCATION1, *@CAPS1*. Now I hear my favorite @CAPS2 tune. A few clicks and a word here and I'm watching an interesting episode of "@CAPS3 of @CAPS4 #@NUM1". When I send @CAPS7 to my friends in @LOCATION3, I go to my @CAPS5 page and feel the cool keys at my fingertips. These are just some of the things I can do on my computer. As you can see, I need my computer to do a lot of things. I am all for computers and I think they are a useful resource. But @CAPS6 won't stop now, I have more reasons to use the computer. They are not that bad. First off, if you want to save money on gas, @CAPS6't Use @CAPS7 @CAPS8!! I can't stress enough @CAPS7, if you need to talk to a friend from afar @CAPS6 please don't drive and waste gas or even money on long distance calls . Go to @CAPS5, facebook, twitter or other sites that can save you gas and money. Some people want to talk to their friends at @LOCATION2, but they @CAPS6 don't have these computer sites. Advise them too! ! Another question some people face is, "You need to get out and exercise." I only have one answer. Most people @CAPS6 don't know the right way to exercise. Then they end @CAPS8 hurting themselves. If they just went online and found they could do a very effective painless, priceless, fun workout, they wouldn't have gotten into so many physical and financial problems. Also, others complain that people need to @CAPS10 more. Well, let me say, what if you come across a wild animal you know nothing about, or say you've been lost for days and don't know what you can and can't eat? Like I @CAPS9 said, "@CAPS9 @CAPS10 @CAPS11" remember @ORGANIZATION1. Finally, if you're doing a report or something formal, you want @CAPS7 to look good, right? Well, @NUM2 of @NUM3 people in @LOCATION4 have scruffy handwriting, and 9/@NUM3 teachers will scribble words by mistake. This means that if you use a computer, @CAPS7 will not only display the words you wrote, but also correct @CAPS7 by spell checking. In conclusion, using a computer has many benefits. Let's recap, computers save money, time, and gas. Computers can provide useful information in the real world. They also correct spelling mistakes and prevent legibility errors. Act now! ! ! Showing other people the benefits of using a computer and showing them all the wonders of this amazing machine is not only a waste of time but a life saver.
Dear newspaper, I think computers are one of the best things @ORGANIZATION1 has ever made. They allow you to talk to people from afar, help you understand career and educational options, and you can learn about many subjects. Computers exist to help society not hurt it, so why shouldn't we use them? Using @CAPS5, we can talk to people around the world or in space @CAPS2. You may not know that @CAPS5 is required for all communications in the @ORGANIZATION1 world. There isn't one that anyone can get out of, but nonetheless. @PERSON1, a professor at @ORGANIZATION1, told @ORGANIZATION3 students, "A lot of @ORGANIZATION1's everyday items like rars and cell phones use some kind of @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS5." @CAPS1 computers allow people to communicate with each other. In addition to connecting people, they help millions of @ORGANIZATION1 people make educational and career choices. Most college kids don't know much about @ORGANIZATION1's colleges. When my sister was choosing which college she wanted to go to, she didn't know which one to choose. She sat down and found a hundred @ORGANIZATION1 schools. After narrowing it down, she decided to go for @ORGANIZATION4, the @ORGANIZATION3 she never heard of @ORGANIZATION1 a few months ago. In @ORGANIZATION2, people have been in this @ORGANIZATION1 situation, all students took a survey to see what they would like their career to be, @CAPS2 The rest of the @ORGANIZATION1 students experienced different job options during the week . @PERCENT1 @ORGANIZATION1 A week later, the students chose a different carrier. Have you heard the old saying "@CAPS3 is power"? Well, it's true, computers are a great source @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS3. They have many different subjects math, science, history language and more. People should use this @CAPS3 in the @CAPS4 francisco national debate @PERSON2. Saying "@CAPS5 is a great tool, if used properly, this includes finding new places math. Even communicating that these are what computers should use @CAPS2 is not an unhealthy game. You can learn a lot of new places with @CAPS5." @NUM1 grade my teacher asked everyone to report a country my friends and I discovered this place we never heard of @ORGANIZATION1. Through @CAPS5 we discovered onts @ORGANIZATION1 info about it like ours Main income, exits, resorts and fun activities. After reading all the facts, definitely agree that @CAPS5 is a good tool that should be used. It has a lot of people to communicate, helps in educational decisions, you can study many subjects like math, science and language. I firmly believe that everyone should use @CAPS5.
mother! ! ! Did you know that there is only one liver in the human body! ! ! , @CAPS1 I didn't find it on the computer where you found it. I've recently heard some experts worry that people are spending too much time on the computer and less time exercising and enjoying nature. I don't think they should be worried because computers keep people open and teach people new things. So computers do a lot for people, giving them the opportunity to learn new things, chat with friends from afar, and expand your travel ideas. Computers can do a lot for one's intellectual life. Just yesterday, I discovered that the human body cannot survive without a liver. The computer also helped me with math problems, although that's what a teacher does because she's not always theirs, like when I'm at home or on vacation, I just want to remember things in math. It also helps those who want to learn about new laundries like @CAPS2, @CAPS3 and @CAPS4. So you see that a computer has a huge impact on a person's life. I had a video chat with my grandparents at @LOCATION2 two days ago and it was great. After not seeing my grandparents for six years, they really changed and I started to forget what they looked like. I never knew a computer could video chat so far away and I was amazed. I don't know why you experts are so worried about computers taking away the face of people's lives and what it has done to my family I know that if one of your expert family members is gone for a long time, you will miss them and want to talk. Some people like to video chat like someone in the military because they have the opportunity to meet their loved ones. A one way ticket to @LOCATION3, to see all those beautiful views and taste their wonderful food, see that waterfall, in @LOCATION4, @LOCATION1 now I have to go to theirs. Computers have illuminated places I've never been before. Computers are really good things. So don't worry about us and what we do on the computer. In conclusion, don't listen to experts who don't know what they're talking about because we know they use computers more than we do. Computers can trigger new things in you, give you the opportunity to chat with distant family and friends, and open up your travel ideas. A computer is not a bad thing, all it does is make life better.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, I believe computers are a good source of technology. The reason I fought for it explains why, kids are in school more than half the time. Parents should limit what children use and what they do, and computers are a way of connecting and researching. First of all, children spend more time in school than they do in school. How can kids stay on the computer while they study at school? They can't. At school you get a lot of exercise because you are always moving around. After school, children usually do homework or hang out with friends. Computers have no effect on people, if they make them smarter. Second, if a child has a computer at home, their parents should limit the amount of time they can do on the computer. The proponents of technological progress are right, computers open up imagination and learning. Parents of kids with computers should be more worried than others, and if they have, they should take the computer away. Parents should also take their kids there more often so they don't have to go online. In the end, computers are a way to connect with others. If you don't have a phone, you can use your computer to access your email or personal website. People need computers for school work and work too! Another thing many people use computers for is research and reporting. We need our information! All in all, my thoughts are very important because, many others would be shy to write this and get it published in their local paper! I'd say computers don't interact with family, friends, nature, or anything like that. We as a whole need computers to do the things of daily life, can't access the Internet, or save files we will lose! So I'll say it again to consider my thoughts. thank you.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2, I think several reasons why technological progress is bad for our society is because it opens doors to strangers in the outside world. It also keeps you away from family and friends. Finally, it also keeps you away from enjoying life outside of the internet. One of the few reasons I feel advanced technology is bad for our society is because it opens doors to strangers @CAPS2 teens, adults, etc. The problem is that you never know who is on the other side of that door, and that chat room that people might miss leads you to think that there is no one there. The @CAPS2 example has a show called dateline. This show is about how teens put selev's online, how adults or young adults click on your photo and it opens a chat line, or as I said, a door and you don't know who's on the other side of that door . So these online men make these teens trust them, and if they're friends, they'll feel safe, "Hey, can I come over sometime?" You young teen think that's your friend saying yes. Don't forget you didn't see his picture, so here he comes, most of the three guys looking for a quick fix from @CAPS2. if you know what I mean. That's what happened on the dateline TV show, just imagine how many other kids or teens out there doing the same thing, except they didn't get caught. Second, why it's bad for our society is because it keeps you away from your family and friends. It keeps you away from your kid's family as this will start filling up as if you love that computer more than they do. It takes you away from friends because they might say hey let's go to the mall or @CAPS2 for a drink you might say check stuff online. This will slowly move away from you, and on a computer, you will start to lose the people who matter most to you. The last reason why you can harm society with teconogly is that it takes you away from your own life, and doing what you want online is a bunch of stuff that everyone else says is cool. Do what you think and feel cool. @CAPS2 example if someone posts something saying @NUM1 guys lodon is so cool you have to go there but you always want to go @LOCATION1, @CAPS3 the thing is you can really have enough air outside like Your skin will get dirty like that which is why I feel that way. While some might think senior Tencogly are nice, it's clearly not because they open dangerous doors and keep you away from friends and family. It also takes you away from what life has to offer.
Do adults and children spend a lot of time on the computer? Well, I don't think they do. Sure they use it a lot, but it's still for typing. Children need to use computers because it is another way for them to communicate with each other. Texting is good, but it costs money, as is calling. Without texting, they can make a plan to do something with a friend on Facebook or elsewhere. What if it's raining outside and there's nothing to do? Well, that's what computers are for. Children use computers for entertainment. There are many games to play. Of course, all of these are on different sites, but that doesn't matter. There are two types of games, mmorpg or rpg, and I think computers are like virtual outside worlds that kids have. Computers are also required for research for school projects. You can also take pictures. Sure there are books, but they don't always have everything you're looking for. You can't cut pictures out of books. You need to get good grades on a project. Therefore, a lot of computer use is required. For communication, entertainment and school projects.
My point is that people should have computers at home. Computers should be used for important things like finding a job and other things. People can do their work on the computer. Teach your kids how to use the computer or get their kids online so they can search for kids stuff. People should not spend all their time on the computer and spend less time with family and friends. I think people should spend more time with family and friends than on the computer. But many people use computers almost every day. But many people use computers almost every day. Maybe your family is concerned that people spend time on the computer every day. How their friends type on the computer and teach them something about history. Do you think people should have more time with their families and be happy about it because they spend time with their families. I don't think people should use computers when their house has visitors, they don't think their visitors think you're attracted to computers. They should enable people to learn about distant places and learn about the internet. But not everyone agrees that people shouldn't use computers because people are attracted to it and people don't want that. about to happen. Families are concerned that many people use the can. Others think it's a good idea to use lots of computers and spend more money on them than their family members. So you think people should spend more time with their family and friends than on the computer.
Dear readers, I think there are pros and cons to using more computers
Dear - Local Newspaper I agree that computers are good for society. Without a computer, many things cannot be done. A computer is sometimes the easiest way out. That's why I love them. Computers make almost everything possible. Now say if you're an old man and you can't get out of bed, your body is really bad. Well, all you need is a computer. You can pay your bills online, find a job online, and even shop online. All you need is a computer. If you're lazy, computers aren't bad either. You can lie in bed all day, go to work online or order something in the mall, all you have to do is take care of your personal hygiene. Sometimes the computer can put a lot of stress on you. No more ignorant colleagues or angry bosses, all is well. Computers are also popular because it's the easy way out. But you have to make sure you have a good computer. Not and old because it can be broken down. This is one of the reasons why computers are not very good. But like I said, computers are pretty good, they can be a little annoying, but you get your hands on them and everything will be fine, remember you can do almost anything with a computer.
Certain materials removed from the library, such as books, music and magazines, should not be removed from the library. It gives people a chance to see the real world of @CAPS2. Certain materials like books and music should definitely not be removed as most books and music can show most people how bad @CAPS2 statements in a book are or how bad the lyrics are in a song and help that person avoid this What a genre book or song @CAPS2 says to the reader or listener. People should at least try every type of music and not always doubt what the people they hear say about that kind of music. I always hear people say how bad the band @PERSON1 AM @CAPS2 is, just because the lyrics talk about drugs and how much damn each song is. The @CAPS2 band is really talking about a man's life and how he transformed his life from being a drug addict to living his best life. People always doubted him and never gave his music a chance. Another example is @PERSON1's book, "@CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4" as it tells about drug addicts, homeless people, people born with deformed arms and even people who have lost their legs, and tells the story of everyone's Beautiful and true to each of them. His book taught me something that made me see people differently. No matter how they look or how they talk, that guy @CAPS2 is beautiful anyway. As for how movies and magazines have performed over the past few years, I don't think they should be taken from the library either. I think @CAPS1 feels the same way about books and music as I do. Sure, we saw previews of the movies and thought they were bad @MONTH1, but the library shouldn't have left them out. The movie @CAPS2 is a great way to learn how to treat others and how to act around them when you don't know how to act. If you act differently to someone you've never approached, you might get embarrassed and you might even get @CAPS4. Movies can help people understand how to do these things as they get older, and thus understand the real world. The same goes for magazines, they also help people understand what not to do or help them understand the consequences of what they shouldn't do. Knowing what to do from a magazine might save your life, and possibly someone else's. I don't understand why some libraries would want to ban certain material to help people understand what's going on in other people's lives and help them not make the same mistakes that person has made.
Write a persuasive article for the newspaper reflecting your views on library censorship. You believe something should be removed, I think so no yes, I think no one should chager books, music, movies, magazines, etc. , thats no agure why i think if you need please think me no thanks if i need why we know if i dont pass this exam i need to graduate please allow the kids to go home please yes. why do we need to be a prafece people please why do we need to do this why write this assgiment because you mean to be the best teacher ever facebook yes my password is @PERSON1 @NUM1 why do i need my space is the same thing but at the same time different please know i need to know i really need my email address is @EMAIL1 this is my email please work
Do you think libraries should remove certain materials? People have different opinions on what is good and what is bad. I have read and read many books in my life. I hear people tell me, "Oh, don't read that book, it's a bad book." But I ask myself, @CAPS2 Did I even know it was a bad book without a chance? @CAPS1 is some offensive books, music, movies and magazines outside of @CAPS1. Yet we still want to read, listen, watch and watch them. If we try to remove all objectionable books from the library, nothing will be left on our shelves. Katherine Paterson said: "If I have the right to take that book off the shelf, and that book I hate - then you have the same right, and everyone else has the same right. Then we don't have the book Leave it to any of us on the shelf. Katherine Paterson makes a great point from her citation. Why would we delete a book if only some people find it objectionable? Again Ask yourself this question, '@CAPS2 You know it's a bad book and you didn't even give it a chance? @CAPS3 Don't judge a book based on what you hear. Find out what your own opinion is
In the world of @DATE1, there is a lot of objectionable things. Everyone has their own opinion on what is offensive and what is not. Many parents become upset because they think their children are watching something they shouldn't. Others are upset because they think the library offends their culture or way of life. This has even been taken to extremes and people would be wrong to want the library to be censored to avoid this. Some people began to pay attention to library materials. They find these things offensive. Everyone has the right to express their opinion, but if someone is offended, there is nothing anyone can do. The world is a public place, and wherever we go, we may find something objectionable. Libraries are places of learning. It is never intended to offend someone, or bring bad things to the world. It's just a place to inform that if someone is offended by something they see, they should stay away from the library. I've been to the library many times and I've never seen anything objectionable. Everything I see in the library is for study and research. Libraries have specific sections. If parents do not want their children to see certain things, they should keep their children in the children's area. I can assure you that there is nothing objectionable about the children's section, otherwise the library wouldn't have it in that section. The owners of these libraries know what makes people unhappy and what doesn't. If there is really offensive material in the library, that material will be taken out. Additionally, if someone complains, the material is removed, potentially reducing the chances of others getting the material they need. One person may find the material objectionable, but others may want to know more about it. If a person is offended by a material, all they have to do is not look at it. A library can be compared to a large computer. Basically anything can be found there. Asking libraries to censor their materials is like asking the Internet to censor their materials. It's a way of learning and researching, and it's nearly impossible to review everything out there. Everyone gets offended at some point in their life. If the library removes everything that might offend someone, they don't have any material. People need to stop being offended so easily and realize that the library isn't trying to hurt anyone. The library does not require any review. It's just trying to teach people about the world and make them enjoy books, music, movies, or whatever else people might go to a library for.
In life, you have "offensive things". Get into our skin and devour our little things. No, it's not easy to overcome, but these things make you stronger. Sometimes there are books, magazines, music and movies that offend us. The only reason we are offended is because the subject either reflects our personalities or our lives. It's not the author's fault, they write about their feelings and the truth. OK, so the library is full of books, movies, music, etc. You can't take them off the shelf just because they offend you. Others @MONTH1 love books you hate. There are more books to read in the library. Another reason people shouldn't move objectionable material out of libraries; it would hurt the company of whoever published the book, as well as the writer. Writers and publishers lose a lot of money because libraries sell books, magazines, movies. They make thousands of copies of their product, which costs money. So to make their money back, they sold to thousands of bookstores. The must-have offensive material will open the eyes of the world. Everyone needs to see what's going on in the world. Books, newspapers tell the truth about a subject. Now the author's intention is not to hurt you, but to help you. Why can't the world be more open? I know that in my own life, I have read books, and at first, this book offended me. I'd be pissed, I'd put down the book and walk away. But then, my eyes would open and finally it hit me. The offending parts of the book helped me regain a new understanding. The views I once had will be gone forever. It's weird how you end up opening up and your life changes. Some may even find the paper offensive. But if no one steps on your toes and goes deep into your skin, you'll never change. Offensive is an understatement; yes, people use it a lot, but do they really mean it? Some people need to use "this book annoys me". Stop being about yourself and get over it. Life is short, worry and feel offended. Every book, magazine, movie and music needs to be placed individually. These materials @MONTH1 reflect on other people's lives and help others. Just read another book, or watch a different action. Please don't remove anything from yourself as it will only do more damage
A lot of @CAPS3 is censored today due to content in books, music, movies and magazines. I think if you have certain parts, @CAPS1 @CAPS2, and my take on the @CAPS3 review, it all works out. Here is my idea to solve the problem. I understand that @MONTH1's books and other materials offend some people, but may not offend others. That's why I think @CAPS3 should make room for things that might offend some people. The sign should say what it has so people can stay away from the room. There can be separate rooms for children. It only has children's books, movies, music and magazines. This is a good idea because your kids won't be open to bad content. This brings me to my next topic. You must be a @CAPS1 to enter the "Inappropriate Content" room. I don't think library staff or their parents want a five-year-old boy looking at a book about sex, drugs, and alcohol. Libraries can get into a lot of trouble. @CAPS1 @CAPS2 can be @CAPS1 of @NUM1 year into the room. This seems fair. You are old enough to handle content. I'm not easily offended, so I can read almost anything. Like I suggested earlier in the article, bad content should be moved to a room so people don't misunderstand it. I love to read anything, so I'd love to read and get my attention. Books like this usually deal with bad things. I'm okay with that, but I know others aren't. Separate rooms, limitations of @CAPS1, my opinion are all good ideas. Maybe the library will see my article and do what I say. I think it will be very impactful. I hope to start seeing in the future
@CAPS4 How would you feel if your favorite book was pulled from your school or public library shelves? I, like many other students, @CAPS4 find this frustrating and disastrous, so I don't think censorship should affect books on the shelf. Otherwise, a destroyed reading love, shattered personalities and separated population @MONTH1 will be born. Like @PERSON1's much-loved @PERSON2 @PERSON2 series, many books and series are being removed from library collections due to what society considers offensive. In this case, the world of witchcraft in which the story blooms is against certain religious beliefs; as a result, some in the religious movement have called for the books to be banned. Luckily, none of the libraries I've visited have an eclectic collection that bans the series, or that I @CAPS4 don't have the same thirst for literature as I do now. All books have the potential to bring students into the wonderful world of reading, as @PERSON2 did for me, so taking the books that are most likely to spark interest or spark creativity @CAPS4 affects not only this generation, but everyone s future. If this kind of censorship is allowed, who can say anything can be censored? Who @CAPS4 is the final judge of @CAPS4 Banned Books? It @CAPS4 all boils down to power, who wants to take it. This battle for supremacy has the potential to divide people like political parties. Disagreements can turn into debates, and those can turn into squabbles. It can be concluded that people are stubborn about their beliefs and it is wrong to let someone choose everyone can believe @CAPS4. For example, @CAPS4 is like @CAPS1 forcing @CAPS2 to disbelieve @CAPS3; a vegan ordering no more meat; a woman disenfranchising a man. Censorship @CAPS4 leads to disrespect for the opinions of others, disrespect is never a good thing. Everyone has a different opinion on what is offensive or not, so reviewing books @CAPS4 is reviewing the mindset of all individuals. The world of @CAPS4 would be just as boring and dull without everyone's unique ideas and beliefs. Differences in beliefs are what add to the diversity of the population and what sets people apart; moreover, free thought is a right that all people should have. If anyone were to limit the spiritual, literary stimulants that exist in the world, then @CAPS4 would have less creativity and individuality. All in all, censoring @CAPS4 is disrespectful to personality, personal beliefs, and the overall joy of reading a good book. Just because people may not believe what a story says, doesn't mean that literature should be banned. No one is forced to read the hundreds of books on the library's shelves, so if anyone is offended, please don't. So, @CAPS4 how would you feel if your favorite book disappeared from all libraries? Disrespect? This is how I feel @CAPS4
Do you think you should be able to take certain material off a library shelf because someone finds it objectionable? Here are some examples I can think of. Books, movies, music, magazines, and even a glut of computers. So if you don't mind sitting down, relax in a nice and comfortable place as we begin. So have you considered the idea of removing them from your local library or even your school library. We've come up with my idea. In some ways yes, but in others not. As an example, I bet I have some old books in my school library that haven't even been picked up for a long time, just because they are so old and out of date. The reason I say they shouldn't be pulled from library shelves. Well, just because some people find it offensive doesn't mean it's almost impossible to become the most popular book in the cave library. People who liked that book may find it offensive to those who find it offensive, and their book may offend others. So if you think about it, you'll always have someone who likes to complain about something, wherever you go. I'm just giving an example of what I've seen. Once I was in the library, it was for these people. One is complaining that farm books are never messed up. Then another man came over with the two books from the farm side of the library. So the librarian was just gathering all the information these two guys spread out during that time. During all of this, I was only five feet away from the counter where these guys were. So the guy who was talking about how the farm books should be taken off the shelf asked the librarian where the books were on the spaceship. And then the guy with the farm books said you really should take them off the shelf because he hadn't seen anyone like that in years. So this is just telling you that if you're going to get a book, some music, or any other idea that you can find in the library, it should be more likely to stay put because the library gives them books or whatever else is There's a reason. The reason is, because you never know someone is going to walk through that door just to find that lonely book, magazine, movie, or just need to get on the computer. Well, you're probably tired of hearing why I don't think any book or anything should be taken off the shelf. It's time to tell you why they should be taken off the shelves of your local library near you. The main reason something should be taken off the shelves of your local library or school library is if the book is actually damaged. For example, I've been to a library in my county where they have a book with the back cover completely torn off. It's too bad they would put that on the shelf because it makes the library look like a place to go to for garbage. Another reason something should be taken off the shelves is whether the book supports drugs. It's like there's a book about some drug addicts who get coughed on by them and they just get what I call "a slap on the wrist". A slap in the face is when you're in trouble for something and you're not even in any trouble, you're just handed over to your parents. That's what I think the phrase "just a slap in the face" means. So all in all, this book should probably stay on the shelf. Like I said earlier in this article, there will always be people who like to complain about every little thing they can find to complain about. I mostly learned it from the National Tractor Club. So I hope I didn't take up too much of your time. So think about the next time you see a book in the library and you think that book needs to be taken off the shelf and refer to this article
The idea of removing "offensive" material from the library is understandable. Some people feel that this material is not suitable for anyone to view. However, since we all have different views on what is offensive, I don't think books deemed offensive should be removed from library shelves. First, I believe that if this policy were to go into effect in libraries, there would not be many books on the shelves. Offensive is a relative word. @MONTH1 offends one person @MONTH1 is not another. Everyone sees different things differently based on their beliefs and life experiences. Many books have content that people disagree with, but expressing that is part of free speech. So if everyone complains that they find a certain book or movie objectionable, as Kathryn Patterson said, there is hardly anything left. The purpose of the library is to provide resources for those who go to the library. If sources are censored in this way, it is difficult to obtain information. Sometimes it is beneficial to read opposing viewpoints or viewpoints to gain more understanding of a topic and to see things from a different perspective. However, some of @MONTH1's books aren't exactly for some people. For example, some materials in library @MONTH1 are not suitable for children to read or view. In this case, I don't necessarily think they should be removed from the shelf and not placed in an area these kids can't access. In my opinion, it's a ridiculous idea to find offensive books, music, movies or magazines pulled from the shelves. It hinders expression. People have different opinions on what offends them, and it would be very boring if everyone thought the same. If someone finds something particularly objectionable, I believe they shouldn't check it out
All authors write with a purpose, whether to teach, entertain, or convince an audience. No author writes something and says, "I hope no one picks this off the shelf!" So if every author wants to express something through their writing, why don't we let them be heard. We all have free speech, right? So why is there no freedom to write? Libraries shouldn't remove a book, music, movie or magazine from its shelves just because it's objectionable. It's only natural that everyone will read a book they don't like, but that doesn't mean no one will like it. The author writes for an audience, but maybe you're not in that audience; so, it doesn't appeal to you, and it might even seem offensive. Not everyone believes in the same ideas. You can think about a problem one way and your neighbors think about it in a completely different way. For example, you are reading a book about a young girl who has had many problems in her life. She got into some pretty dire situations. Some of this you read about is so bad that you don't want other people reading it. But, have you ever thought that maybe there is another girl who is going through or has been through these same situations. Maybe the girl came to the library and found the book; suddenly, she found guidance in it. She found something she could rely on that she never had before. She felt like she had a friend in the book who could handle her situation. So, do you really want to take that book off the shelf and keep that girl from finding her guidance? This happens all the time. People find something special in what they read that others might not. When a librarian removes a book from a shelf, the opportunity is gone forever. No one can know what that article and those thoughts will turn out to be. We all have the right to learn, explore new ideas and expand our minds. no one should have the right to take it
Have you seen offensive magazines, books, movies, etc.? What is your experience? Here's my take on whether these books should be removed. I noticed some movies offended other people. For example, the @CAPS1 movie, the book is about @CAPS2, some people don't believe them, or they don't like the movie, so I do think it's pointless to make a movie about someone is not true. However, some movies are suitable for certain people and their age. Movies rated "@CAPS3" are for people who shouldn't be watching, like underage kids. Although the magazine does have something that I think will offend other people. Like, I don't remember their names, but they'd have parts that would talk badly about the other person, like one of the kids would talk about the president or something like that. So I think some magazines should be taken off the shelves. However, these books, I see no reason to let them off the shelves. I don't think the books seem as aggressive as the graphics. However, there may be some books that might offend people, such as those that talk about a family without money or speak ill of them. For example, you can find a book and read it, and find that it is talking about things you don't know yet or want to know. As you can see, I've given my opinion on what they should do, or take the book, magazine or movie off the shelves. But then I did see another way. Some of us do like those movies, books or even magazines and think it's cool or funny
Personally, I don't think libraries, movie stores, etc. should sell any of the items just mentioned. If they are found to offend the public. I think it offends a lot of people. Citizens such as the elderly and children should not be exposed to inappropriate material. I think in order to buy or rent certain books, music, movies or magazines you must be at least eight years old. The economy is bad enough right now. A new generation is growing up at this moment, and they shouldn't look back on their childhood with memories of watching disgusting movies or reading disgusting books and magazines. I think music is the most powerful thing that affects a person. If they've been listening to foul language and so on, it's only going to stay in one's head. I came to this conclusion from experience. I also believe that the movie also had a great influence on Peron. For example, a child goes to see a violent movie. After watching the movie, he said to himself, "Well, it must be okay to kill people because I see people killing people because they got away with it and never got into trouble." This is just one example of how human minds can change. In conclusion, I do believe that humans have the right to read, see or hear what they want. I just think people should reach a certain age in certain things. Also, I think anything citizens find offensive should be hidden in some area of the store or library. That way only people who want an item or something can get it and others don't have to see or hear anything offensive
The library is where you can read, write and relax. Today, many people take for granted the knowledge available there. More knowledge to be learned is stripped and curtailed by censorship. Censorship can eliminate multiple reading materials that people can learn and enjoy. First off, removing a classic from library shelves because they @MONTH1 offended someone is totally unfounded. If they offend you, please don't read them. It's so simple. Many books offend people because they don't fit their morals or beliefs. The @PERSON2 series is a good example. @PERSON2 @PERSON2 is a best-selling series with over a million copies sold worldwide; however, it doesn't align with the beliefs of many. So those people boycotted the series. I remember attending a @PERSON2 @PERSON2 and @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 party at my local library a few years ago to celebrate the release of the next book in the series. When I was in the library, a huge storm was brewing. Now most people would think it was just a storm, but people in town who didn't like @PERSON2 books blamed it on the party. They say we are worshipping the devil, @CAPS4 brought the storm and told us what we were doing was wrong. I know a lot of people dislike the @PERSON2 series because of witchcraft and sorcery in it, but that doesn't mean they should blame a book for natural events! Even great novels like @CAPS5 in @CAPS6 should not be banned for their content. For a while, @CAPS5 in @CAPS6 was school reading material, but then the "morality police" banned it because it was about a lunatic. Books should not be required to meet everyone's personal standards. So what Katherine Patterson said is true. If we ban books because we don't agree or think they are inappropriate, there will end up with nothing left to check out in the library. Although there are ways to compromise. If a book with questionable content is labeled to tell readers this, it can benefit both parties. In conclusion, eliminating books is not a good idea because they are good for all of us, especially children. When I was younger, I always wanted to be read, and as I continued to get older, I always read. When I was in middle school, I carried a book with me every day. Books allow readers to travel to far-flung places or see what it would be like to put on someone else's shoes. Books are the gateway to another world. Why take this magic away from a child
Yes or no, some materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should be removed by referendum. I do think that some material in these categories should be removed if they are offensive to me and others, but if others like them, it will take a long time to remove them from stores and elsewhere. I don't like how they make some music very violent and cause most teens to go bad in their minds and start selling drugs on the streets of their hometown, but there's nothing I can do about it because this music is admired by those teens as well some adults. If some people can be reassured that seeing something like this disrupt the lives of teens and some adults, it has the potential to be stopped. Stopping things like this will save communities from disaster and lead to other good life opportunities for those who need them. Here's another example like this music artist named @CAPS1 @CAPS2. Over the past year and a half, she's written some great songs. People tell me she's part of a group called @CAPS3 where they try to see themselves as "reborn". My friend wants me to stop listening to her music. I told my friend that I didn't like her joining the group, but that doesn't mean I'll stop listening to her music. Now, if she's writing songs that offend me and my friends, that's where I draw the line. What I'm trying to say is that if people don't have other people to support them, if something is very offensive to them and ignored by others, it's going to be very difficult to try to prove yourself in the best possible way.
When it comes to library censorship, I don't think library staff should dictate what's on the shelves. People in the community should have a say in what's on the shelf because they're going to the library anyway. I believe everyone is entitled to their opinion, but I think certain material should be removed. For example, some music can be objectionable; so I'm not saying that music shouldn't be removed from the library entirely. I mean objectionable music should be removed
Dear newspaper, @CAPS1, if someone wrote a book about the @CAPS1 newspaper that sucks, would you feel so bad that no one wants to touch another newspaper? Think about it, if something is found offensive, should it be read by thousands of people? I believe in certain materials such as books, music, movies, etc. Books deemed objectionable should not be removed from library shelves, let alone placed on them. Now let's think about it. What if a sexist book falls into the hands of an innocent child who reads enough to finish it? That kid might end up living the kind of life described in the book. If I were a parent, I knew for a fact that I would never want my children to be exposed to harmful reading material until they knew right from wrong and had a clear judgment on it. Or from another perspective, if that book, about @CAPS1 black people are bad and nasty, falls into the wrong hands for that purpose, let's say a drunk old-fashioned man. Who happens to think we should continue slavery. That book could spark the white man's mind, and he could try to put his mind into action. Throwing what that book said about black people in the face of a young black woman. It then went on, raping and beating her after seeing what the man had done to her. Just to keep her alive, to make her his prostitute or slave as long as she lives. Can you imagine the world when @CAPS2 only knew @CAPS1 this woman was hurting? @CAPS2 is the only one who knows that @CAPS1 has been dealing with pain for a long time. Before she stopped fighting for her life. Think about everything I told you and gave you examples from that book. An offensive book on sexists and black people. These are the reasons why these books are banned by libraries or at least stuck to their shelves.
Many people who go to school may have seen or heard of a book or magazine that profanes or offends them. Some people think this kind of thing is funny, but for others @MONTH1 bothers them. Not only can racial slurs offend people, but profanity can be disappointing. Some parents do not want their children to hear or say such things. And I believe if it's objectionable, it should be taken off the library shelves, and so should you. I think movies and music should either change the lyrics or remove it if it really offends someone. They just shouldn't offend someone to be a good song or a really great movie. You can't help but make something that makes fun of another race or a movie that kills them. Love the school library, I think it really depends on the age group. Like they shouldn't have anything offensive or profane in @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 @CAPS4. They're just not old or mature enough to see or read this stuff in books or magazines. So if a student comes home with a book the class is reading and the parent doesn't like the content, they should have the right to say they don't want their child to read it. If it's really bad, take it out of school. Even @CAPS3 @CAPS4 has more mature students who sometimes get offended by the books they read in school. An example is 'To @CAPS5 a @CAPS6'. Although it's a very good book and a lot of @CAPS4 have read it. Many @CAPS7 @CAPS8 may be offended by all the racial slurs about @CAPS7 @CAPS8. They just tell their classmates and their teachers that they are uncomfortable. @CAPS4 or libraries shouldn't let students read books they don't like to read. Or the library has such a book. In my case, I'm going to have to read that book next year, but I'm not going to like it. I'm half @CAPS7 @CAPS12 and I don't like people saying that. This is going to be a very embarrassing moment for me. I have some other friends who have read that book but don't feel comfortable reading it. They're even kid's books that parents want out of their kid's school library. The most challenging books in the school library are @CAPS13 @CAPS14. I know this because my librarian told me about it the other day. It's just a good book, but some parents don't want their kids to read books about witchcraft and wizards. So they try to get them out of the library. If parents don't want their kids to read it, they should. I just think that if they're a certain number of people complaining about a movie or song, they shouldn't even be fighting about it. They should get rid of it. It's the same at school, if they're the complaining student or parent and they're a certain number, the librarian shouldn't even have a say in the school or school. They should get rid of books or magazines. I believe that if a book, song, movie, etc. is offensive to a certain number of people, it should be dealt with by removing it. Parents may not want their children to see, hear or read this kind of stuff. Some people will be offended by some book or movie. Or they just don't feel well. I believe that what is brought into this world for entertainment should also be able to come out of this world if offended by it.
Do you think if certain books, music, movies and magazines were taken off the shelf because someone found them offensive? Such as magazines, books, movies, and even music. I don't think at all that a minority's opinion should depend on what they find offensive to be true, for two reasons. These reasons are yours to pick, and you've headed to the library to find something you'll love. I think the number one reason why certain books, music, movies, and magazines shouldn't go off the shelf is because people pick them out of there themselves. No one is going to pick up a book or magazine, or even watch a movie, and listen to music that looks, looks, or even sounds offensive. Mainly because a lot of people are being offended for being unkind. For example, why would a person buy an item that doesn't seem appealing to them? The second reason I think certain books, music, movies and magazines shouldn't be taken off the shelves is that if you go to the library, you're looking for an interesting book, music genre, movie or magazine. Chances are you'll end up with something that's interesting to you and that you feel suits your tastes. So if there's a book, some kind of music, a movie, or a magazine that looks offensive, don't understand it, because if something is going to offend you, it's going to be obvious because it looks like, or even sounds like . In my opinion, I don't think certain books, music, movies and magazines should be taken off the shelves if they offend certain people. If you pick something out in a library, or go to a library to find something you'll like, you'll obviously eventually know if something looks, looks, or even sounds objectionable
If the people who publish and write these articles in these magazines, then yes, they may be offended by the @CAPS7 content in the magazines or books. These guys will always find something or some rumour to start a war on these @CAPS1 things, these guys are called '@CAPS2'. They can find an easy way to start something like this, which is why before I buy an A magazine, I look inside to see if @CAPS3 is interested in buying a specific specific book or magazine. If I don't like what I see in @CAPS5, then I @CAPS4 don't buy @CAPS5, @CAPS5's @CAPS1 does. If they are @CAPS7, they should immediately be removed from @LOCATION1, @LOCATION6, @LOCATION12, @LOCATION4, @LOCATION2, @LOCATION5, @LOCATION8, @LOCATION9, @LOCATION3, @LOCATION10, @ORGANIZATION1, @ORGANIZATION2 or @CAPS8 @LOCATION11, @LOCATION7.
I think all bad books should be taken out of the library. All the bad books, music, magazines and movies that no one really wants to read. If a child picks up a book and reads it, books, magazines, music, and movies that have bad content will read badly. If they're young enough and they don't know if the movie or something in the library is bad, it's the library's fault that the library gives them access to books, movies, music or magazines. If parents don't know their kids read the book, their parents will wonder where they got the bad phrases. Some people think that any library should have any bad books. There are many things in books that parents don't want their children to read. Some things, like books that talk about sex. There may also be languages that children should not read. I know for sure that I don't want my kids to grow up reading anything bad. There are also music that parents don't want their children to listen to. There are things like porn songs. There are also things that don't say sex directly, but suggest sex. I never want my kids to listen to bad songs like that, I want them to be responsible and not listen to bad songs. There are also some movies that I don't want my kids to watch because of the content of the movies. There are a lot of things in this world that contain bad things, and they all have to do with sex. All the movies that have come out lately are very inappropriate. They are another thing that I think is very important, and that is magazines. A lot can happen in magazines like pornography. I hate kids being tempted or forced to watch porn. I think in general we should get rid of porn and discuss pictures in magazines.
Dear journalist, I am asking you the question because I have my own answer to what people should do with books. I think people can write whatever they want because it's a free constraint that you can do whatever you think you can. What I'm trying to say is that people can write books whatever they want with anything in it like drugs, sex, abuse, bad language, etc. You know what I'm talking about. I think it's possible to write whatever they want and put whatever they write on the shelf. It's the people who choose a book who choose to read a book just because they don't like the content of the book, they don't have to make a fuss about it and cause problems. People can't just not pick up the book and look for another book. I don't think people should make a fortune from a book they don't have to read at all because it doesn't make sense to me and I bet a lot of people would agree. If I'm a pagan, like sex and drugs, and I see it in a book, I'll put it down and look for a book I'll agree with and not cause problems like everyone else. It's not fare, if anyone has to complain about something so stupid, it's the waist of the time for me. So to say this, I think people who don't like the way books are written should put it down, don't worry, and buy a book that they feel better reading. Waist time doesn't make sense and causes problems, that's my take on the issue, hope it's yours.
I don't think books, magazines, papers, etc. should be removed from the library because some @CAPS1 like @CAPS2. Some @CAPS1 felt that reading a book on the subject would help them solve any problems they encountered. @CAPS1 often say they are stressed and frustrated. Those @CAPS1 can get books and @CAPS2 can help them with their problems. If books etc are objectionable then @CAPS1 who thinks they are should not get them. There is no control over what books are in the library. Some @CAPS1 have problems and some books can help them. A lot of @CAPS1 I know don't think a lot of books are objectionable. They want @CAPS2 they or they don't. If @CAPS1 thinks books etc. are objectionable they will have to deal with it. @CAPS1 likes @CAPS2 various books, some don't even like @CAPS2. For @CAPS1 who like @CAPS2, they can choose any book they want that they feel comfortable with. If they think a book is objectionable, they will skip it and find a different book than @CAPS2. I think if you find a book objectionable you can talk to your teacher or someone else. I'm sure they won't do anything about it. Books and other things exist for a reason, "for @CAPS1 to @CAPS2" and to understand what life is and how to fix it. You have books under control. You can't tell them what books should and shouldn't be on the shelf. In conclusion, I think @CAPS1 should handle it as they have no control over it
Hi, my name is @CAPS1 and I feel like the library should have any kind of media. If they call it a "media center" then why censor any media. People know to read the back of a book to see if they want it, so if they see something they don't like, they can put it back on the shelf. People say that @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 inspired @CAPS4 @PERSON2 to kill @PERSON1, which is entirely presumed to be a "he said she said" issue. I feel like there should be sections for different sections for different age groups, but censoring literature is just un-@CAPS5. There should be a parent to supervise @NUM1 and younger kids because it's the kids that are really involved who aren't exposed to things that aren't ready. Some magazines and movies that I don't think should be in the library are as follows: pornography, non-educational movies, @CAPS6 @CAPS7 and social networking. I'm not saying let the kids listen to murderous music and jump off the patio, but, there shouldn't be some leeway in the books. This is an approved message, thank you for taking the time, bye.
Bookshelf down? "All of us can think of a book and we hope that none of our children or any other children have left the shelf. But if I have the right to take that book off the shelf - the book I work on is mine Abomination - then you have the same rights and everyone else has the same rights. Then none of us left any corners on the shelves. @CAPS1 statement from @PERSON1. Do you think young children are viewing inappropriate images or Is it correct to read that talking about porn? I don't think any of these materials should be taken off the shelf, but should be placed in a private area only accessible to adults. I think they should be placed somewhere area, away from kids because kids get ideas from the material they see and think it's ok. There are some books and movies about cereal killers that teens and toddlers see and kids think bring guns to school yes it's okay but it's not okay. kids are reading these books and thinking it's okay to act like their favorite character or like their favorite movie star in a movie. some of the movies out there are about Doing stupid things, kids and teens think it's "cool" because people they look up to are doing it, so they want to try it too. Kids get hurt doing @CAPS1. Whenever kids see people having sex, they Both think it's okay because those kids in the movie are the same age as them. I think the filmmakers should be aware of what they put out there for kids to see. When you talk about @CAPS2 @CAPS3 this book, you Would think this book is great. But have you ever thought it would be taken off the shelf for using a word? I think it should stay on the shelf, but if parents don't want their kids to read it, then they don't have to Read it. If a parent doesn't want their child to read something, then just tell the teacher or the child that they can't read the book. I think the books should be on the shelf, and any material with a "bad" connotation should In a private area only accessible to adults. Do you want your children to see bad pictures or see or read pornographic content? Children get bad ideas from books, movies, magazines and music. They Think it's appropriate to act like @CAPS1 because their favorite movie stars are doing it the @CAPS1 way. These books, movies and magazines need to be out of the reach of kids so they don't get bad again idea to do stupid things
I think almost every movie can offend someone in some way, so if you want to get every movie off the shelves, go for it. Everyone has different tastes in movies, music, books, etc. If the music offends you, please don't listen to @CAPS2. If there is a book, please don't read @CAPS2. It's that simple. So I don't think they should delete books, music, movies, etc. It might offend someone, that's my reasoning; if you cut out everything that people might be interested in today, then you have nothing to keep your kids happy instead of them going out and causing trouble, I'm sure everyone All have the right to read, watch, or listen to whatever they want @CAPS2. Also, if they find @CAPS2 offensive, they shouldn't listen to that song, watch that movie, or even read a book or magazine. Everyone's way of offending is different, so if @CAPS3's little book, song, etc. offends a person, we won't be able to help @CAPS2. I also think that if you give your kid the chance to read @CAPS2 and he sees how offensive @CAPS2 can be, @CAPS2 might prevent him/her from doing something he might have done without reading the book, plus , if he watches the movie he wants to see, he'll know, @CAPS1 everyone is a good guy. Children read widely, some are there reading dr.suess books while others may be reading @PERSON1 '@CAPS2'. Depending on the children, they should be able to choose what they read, listen to or watch. The only flaw I find with some magazines that are bad for kids is that almost every magazine has at least half-naked women in @CAPS3, or men in @CAPS2. First year kids @ORGANIZATION1 to @ORGANIZATION2 should @CAPS1 see this. The reason I @CAPS4 is that people have a lot of different tastes in material, so I believe as long as @CAPS2 doesn't offend them with @CAPS1, they can read what they want. Reading @CAPS1 should have no effect on others unless they are also reading @CAPS2. There are a lot of people who get offended for the smallest things, but they don't see that in life they're going to be offended by more than just the time-filled hands of life. Confusingly, I think people should be able to read what they want, even books that people find offensive. Objectionable stuff should take @CAPS1 off the shelf. I also feel like if kids read something that might be offensive, they understand that life is not easy and you end up being offended. Also @CAPS1 Everyone is a good person and things happen that people don't like, but it's life. In the end I think people should @CAPS1 have to give up reading, listening, watching or watching what @MONTH1 is interested in them
The world is full of objectionable material and there is little we can do about it. The books we leave behind affect the future of our society. These materials should not be removed from library shelves because it is part of a large body of knowledge and libraries are not the last place people go to find such materials. Logically, the more a person knows, the more power he has. This does not mean that certain items, such as the genre of movie music, are not suitable for his or her age. Some parents get mad when they see something a little out of place, but keep in mind that sooner or later those so-called little kids will see something like this; it's just part of growing up. In the last paragraph, it suggests that one should have plenty of information to choose from because there is no perfect little soul and everyone has a lot of curiosity. For example, things like @ORGANIZATION1 and @CAPS1 are taught in schools and may be considered dangerous. In @ORGANIZATION1, we learn how atoms work and predict how they will react with other chemicals. While in the lab, students must wear safety materials due to the hazardous environment. The same goes for @CAPS1, learning how to live a healthy life requires students to understand the human body, such as the reproductive system. In these @CAPS3s, we gain a better understanding of how the world around us works and, through these, things that can be dangerous. Everything we do has positive and negative results. My suggestion is that we need to find a healthy balance between what is really needed and material that is strictly entertaining, and that these items should be removed. If there is a purpose behind it, it has a place, but if some magazine talks about drama, it is useless. In this vast world, there are always and always will be people or things that have bad effects on people or things. However, this is all a matter of perception and everyone has different understandings and values. Regarding this ongoing issue, we will make this judgment to the best of our ability based on our values
People have the right to express their opinion on things. Some people may find it offensive and others may not. Libraries should be able to put anything on the shelf that might interest educating someone, whether people are offended or not. If we do what everyone says, there might not be anything on the shelves in our library. One will find there is a problem with everything a person can ask, it's just human nature. I've read non-fiction books and watched movies based on true stories that use words and language that some people might find offensive, but how people express their feelings and educate people without offending others. How can we teach history without telling the whole story. Slavery and @PERSON1 is a horrible thing that happened and it's important to be taught about it so it doesn't happen again. It's hard to teach these horrific events without offending people. I think we should put these materials on library shelves anyway and if people don't like it, don't check them or look at them. This is my opinion what is your opinion
I think if people find a book offensive, they shouldn't even read that book in the first place. If a book is found objectionable and removed from the shelf, the shelf will be empty. Then they won't have anything for people to read. Some of the greatest authors use offensive words in their books, take them off the shelf and you'll get rid of the greatest material. @PERSON1 @CAPS1 For example in the book "@CAPS2" it's offensive to homosexuals, one was killed.
A book is not just words or events; they are adventures and stories from one person to another. I was amazed to find that people in one country can write a book and then people in another country can read it. Inspirational stories are passed from person to person in books, music and movies; I believe things like this help shape who we are today. In my opinion, there are many problems with entertainment today. They include things that are showing a lot of violence and intimacy right now; @MONTH1 is not for some people. I don't think they should take them off the shelves and simply rate them so everyone knows what to expect. Movies are rated because some people don't want or need to see what's going on in the movie. While some of it is inappropriate, other parts of it guide us. It's almost like they're preparing us for the worst, but hoping for the best. We see what happened to one person in these entertaining articles, and it helps us make sure we don't make the same mistakes. I also believe that many stories and movies inspire us to be better people and achieve our dreams. If we see someone who can do it, we think, why can't I? Where in the world would we be if no one encouraged or pushed others to do what they wanted to do? Entertainment pushes the concept, but adds everything to it to show its authenticity. Whether these things have offensive or harsh content to them, they still prepare and help us fight in our daily lives.
I don't think certain books, music, magazines or movies should be removed. If they are found offensive, that's not my problem. If they offend me, well, that's what I'm dealing with. When it comes to any of the mentioned items, sooner or later society will find them again and they will be back on the shelves. No matter how objectionable they are, curiosity will bring them back to the shelves. If a person or group of people finds a book's ID offensive, that doesn't mean it should be taken off the shelf. This is a question that a person or a group of people will have to face. Everything is educational in its own way. Even if it is offensive, it can teach a person to go from right to wrong. That being said, is it right or wrong that someone wants to take something objectionable off the shelf? It depends on one's personal views or beliefs. Whether they like it or not, things are offensive to people on the outside and we can't do anything to change them. It's a shame to admit, but really nothing can change. It's easier to live with it. Maybe what you find offensive is not meant to be offensive. It depends on what you offended. Maybe the writer, director or composer meant to offend others, maybe they didn't. It all depends on how you bring what they say into your mind. So when it comes down to it, nothing should be removed from the shelves. Because if you have to delete one thing, you might as well delete everything.
I definitely don't think any books, movies, magazines, music, etc. should be taken off the shelf because they find them objectionable. If we do, all books will be taken off the shelves. Sometimes really good books are when they're objectionable, because they're actually telling you what they really believe. I remember when I was twelve, the news was that a school was taking a book off the shelves because it offended a one-person school. Shockingly, almost the entire school was reading that book. Even the teacher is watching. The school board doesn't even care, though. I think this is completely the wrong way to do it. They should talk to the girl and say it's not fair to ask this question when everyone reads it. If it offends her, then she shouldn't read it. Music is the way out for many people. They can express their feelings in amazing ways. There is no fun in the world without music. People are always listening to music. When they are sad, crazy, frustrated, confused, etc. If people think a certain kind of music is offensive, they shouldn't listen to it. Movies always offend at least one thing. That's what makes movies: heroes and villains. We want the good guys to win. The movie makes fun of the bad guys. Someone will always get hurt. When I read, watch, or listen to something, I don't think about how offensive it is to me or anyone else. I think about how the artist feels. Why did they write it a certain way. If I'm listening to music, I'll listen to the beat and the lyrics first. Then, if I like it, I start singing it. If I don't like it, then I'll change the song. I hope people don't just take things off the shelf when they're offended. We need different opinions in life. If we all had the same opinion, we wouldn't be who we were anyway. I don't want to be like everyone else. I love my personality. I was different and a little outcast. But I am true to myself. And I respect other people's opinions. I want everyone to do the same. Or at least try to do the same thing. thank you for listening to me
Books, music, movies, magazines, etc. should not be removed from some library shelves because people know enough about what they are and are not interested in. There will always be people who find a particular thought or idea offensive. Whatever the subject, so censorship doesn't really affect individuals. Review is not necessary because people know what they are interested in without anyone helping them find what they are looking for. Censorship isn't entirely necessary because people will always find things they're not exactly looking for or interested in. People's interests are their own business, without the scrutiny of others in the surrounding community. I've read a few books with swearing in them, but this one is still as good as the one without the swearing. People love things no matter what, because some things, like books, music, and movies, always have flaws. Ordinary people have a lot of interest in books, music and movies, and everyone can make their own decisions based on their interests. Individuals do not need edited objects, nor music to listen to music or other objects without being offended. There is something objectionable in every published work, a fact that buyers are fully aware of before they go shopping. Censorship is not necessary because individuals know what they are interested in and nothing tells them what to look for. People are almost always mad at what they're watching or listening to, no matter what, so why is censorship so important? There is no need for censorship in today's society, as each particular individual has the ability to make the decision that works best for him. Books, music, movies, magazines, etc. should not be removed from library shelves as there will always be objectionable items that some people will find objectionable no matter what.
Many people think magazines, books, movies, music, posters, and other bad things parents don't want to see at @CAPS1. Some of what they might have in it is books about people of different skin tones and maybe some scary things about hair with colored skin, @CAPS1 those young people are reading those books. Lots of @CAPS2 libraries have this stuff all over the store. Some of those who get these books may need to have a good heart for what the book says about skin color. If they don't like the content and content of the book, then don't buy that book. Because you can't change the way authors write stories, music, movies, posters. But most people I know of different skin tones are hilarious and joke about it sometimes. Maybe there are some terrible things in the book
Do you want your kids to know things only @CAPS1 knows? When you go to the library, you can learn about @CAPS2, @CAPS3, @CAPS4 in @LOCATION1, @CAPS5, and more. Libraries for learning new things about the world that will help you in @CAPS9. When you first walk into a library, you'll only see people looking at @CAPS2 books, or just books that catch your eye by the title. If we find a book objectionable, or unhelpful for our children's future, stand up and fight for their own intellectual development. We must also consider what children want to read. They have the right to read whatever they want, as long as it's fun for them and they're learning something new. Some books teach them about the world in which they grew up. There are books I won't let my own kid read, but I know in my heart that she's learning something I @MONTH1 can't teach her. I call these types of books "@CAPS7". Books that look off-putting, in the end they're actually what I call "@CAPS8" to help prepare them for what's to come. Not every book will be full of rainbows, pretty colors, or pop-ups. They have to know they are some people they have to pay attention to, and the people who educate them on @CAPS9. They must understand what is right and what is wrong. Remember the first book you read yourself? I do. It's called "@CAPS10 and @CAPS11". I read that book at @NUM1. To this day, my mom says, "I've tried so many times to stop you from reading that book, it's worded so dangerously that a @NUM1 year old shouldn't be able to read it at that age". What she didn't know was; that book taught me a lot about the world at that time. The knowledge I gained at the time helped me later on my @CAPS9. Some books are meant to be read, some are not. If you feel your child shouldn't read a certain book, read it yourself, then tell your child why they can't read the same book you just read.
The library has a lot of material to read. They have children's books and adult books. All books are different for different age groups. So many people go to the library every day. But the question is, should some material be taken off the shelves because it is objectionable? The answer is no. When people go to the library, it means they want to learn something, or they want to find something to attract them. What do you do when you go to the library to research something and they don't have the book you need, or the movie you need? What happens when you're working on a project and they don't have the book you need? Do you want your child to fail at school because the library takes material from the shelves? People shouldn't take material off the shelf because "they don't like it." If they find it objectionable then they should put it back on the shelf and go find something else. They don't have to take it off the shelf because they are its agent. Everyone has a different view of things. The library has different sections where materials can be found. It varies for children, fiction and non-fiction. It also meets your requirements sometimes. If it's offensive, no one should take it off the shelf because that's what they chose to look at in the first place. When you go to the library, no one can tell you what to see and what not to see. If they don't like what they see, let it go. It's that easy. If you can't find what you're looking for, the library also has computers to find things
A book represents a person's beliefs and feelings about a topic. So censoring books is wrong because it violates free speech. I don't think books or other media should be removed because while @MONTH1 is offensive, if this is the truth about something then we need to read it to prevent tragedy from happening again. A person who finds a topic objectionable is not forced to read it. If we don't accept other people's beliefs, we are as biased as the books we try to censor. Many of the books threatened by censorship are books about historical facts, such as the Holocaust. I think we have a right to know important events. For one reason, if we forget these things, they are more likely to be repeated. Do we really want millions of people to be murdered again? Just because we're ashamed of something doesn't mean we should sweep it under the rug and let it hide, waiting to be touched again like a hungry crocodile. Instead, books on incidents of bias should be excluded to show examples of how we should not act. While some books are censored for shame, some books are censored because some at @MONTH1 find it offensive. Reviewing these books has an easier solution. Offended groups should ignore this book. If it's offensive in the first place, no one should be forced to read it. The book should not be forced in any other way, such as posters and TV broadcasts. It should be kept somewhere in the library so that parties who wish to avoid it can. The main reason a book is censored in the first place is because someone finds it offensive. But isn't it just as offensive to stop someone from saying something? To @CAPS1 @CAPS2 is a big goal of the review, but it's about treating everyone fairly. If a book like that gets censored, it's like saying some are better than others. Another big target for censorship in certain countries is @CAPS3. Reviewing that book would basically tell the @CAPS4 crowd they were wrong. It is wrong to censor something. Not only will it lead to a repeat of the sad event, the offended party can simply avoid the book. While some books offend people, censoring a book can offend others as well. The easiest thing to do is to let the reader decide whether they should read it or not.
There are many types of material in the library to entertain you. Some of these materials @MONTH1 are books, magazines, movies and music. Everyone has their own preferred type and type of information. For example, most teenage girls like to read young romances, and about young people's lives; @CAPS1 people like informational books. Everyone is different in their own way. The material they choose to read is their own choice. How would you feel if one of your favorite books or magazines was pulled from all library shelves? You may be wondering why this is happening. Well, some people want to argue how objectionable or inappropriate some of the information contained in these materials is. They want these types of things off the shelves. But is it their decision to say something to offend people? Everyone has their own opinion and can choose what they want to read and what they don't want to read. In my opinion, these types of materials should stay on the shelf. Quite simply, if you don't like a certain type of magazine or book, don't read it. If you hear someone's music and it sounds really bad to you, then walk away or listen to your own music. There's a new movie coming out about how the world will end, and you don't believe the world won't end that way, don't watch it. It's totally understandable that some parents don't want their children to know about certain things in the world. However, everyone has the right to know what they want to know and what they don't want to know. If everyone had the right to take away some books they thought were inappropriate, do you think there would be some left? The problem is, in today's society, people want to do what they want, think what they want to do. Some people disagree with most things, but it's something they have to face because not everyone is happy
Should certain objectionable material be removed from library shelves? @PERSON1 said that if everyone deletes books they disapprove of, we'll have no bookshelves to read. The most innocent book that some people think may offend another. Different people find different topics offensive. No two people think alike. Although some of @MONTH1's books or magazines have offensive topics or material, how will we learn if they are removed? For example, suppose there is a book of historical fiction about racism. This book may show different perspectives on how people live when racism is prevalent. Readers can learn from the book how racism affects people and why it is wrong. Knowing about dislikes can give someone a better understanding of why some people feel the way they do. Readers can learn from past mistakes. Books or movies depict life years or even centuries ago; morals not long ago were different than they are now. If many people agree that a certain material is very offensive or inappropriate for teens or young children, one viable option is to allow only adults to view it. Libraries can also issue warnings about material if they think the content is too harsh. Another idea might be to set up reviews on the website with a list of every book in the library. Consumers can read reviews before deciding whether to view them. People have their own views and opinions about materials. One has to learn to embrace the material; others may really like it. This article may offend those who read it as they may think that things should be more perceived than tolerated. If someone doesn't like the material, they won't be forced to borrow it from the library, so why all the fuss? One person may find a topic very offensive, while the same topic is of interest to another person. Everyone has a different moral, so who's to say what should and shouldn't be in a library?
A fundamental right that every man, woman or child should have is freedom of speech. Without this right, no one can express their opinions. When the library removes books, magazines, movies and music from its shelves, it takes away that right. Books or other items should stay on the shelf even if the subject matter is offensive to some people. What one person finds offensive to another person may find it strange. If a person does not find the content of a book attractive, then do not read the book. Libraries shouldn't censor material they list just because someone doesn't like it. However, I do think that books should be placed in the section they belong to. Sections of children's books, teen books, adult books, and more can be found in the library. An example is a book on human anatomy that is not part of the children's section. Beyond that, the library should leave the rest of the decision to the reader. If someone wants to read a book on @LOCATION1, that person should be able to go to the library and borrow the book. The problem with censorship is that @CAPS1 may find the book offensive and want it removed from the shelf. Then people interested in @LOCATION1 will not be able to withdraw the book. The choice of material you read should be yours, not restricted by what others find objectionable. Libraries should not remove it from the shelf if others feel it is contrary to their own beliefs. This person should not be reading this book. Everyone will have a different opinion on most things, so libraries shouldn't have censorship
Writing is a way of expressing your thoughts and ideas on the page. In this country the author is free to write whatever he wants and he will not be punished for it. Reading these works can be fun at times, and can be quite disturbing at other times. However, just because a work is objectionable doesn't mean it's not worth reading. Books, manuscripts and other forms of literature should not be removed from shelves, even if they are disturbing or objectionable. Book @CAPS1 by @PERSON2 reveals horrible practices in the meatpacking industry. It's offensive to many, plus it's causing a stir in @CAPS2 for its content. However, there is a reason the book is still being talked about today. If there were laws preventing him from writing about the horrible things that happened in those factories, it's likely, and in fact likely, that the industry won't reform for a long time. Luckily, @PERSON2 exposed the horrible process happening in the industry and the government stepped in and fixed the problem. Someone hated the book, hated it from the day it was published. But that doesn't mean he has the right to take it off the shelf and prevent everyone else from reading it. Students are often forced to read novels and story works, which, while beneficial to students, do not give students an understanding of the world they live in. It is important for students to read @ORGANIZATION1 and the works @PERSON4 and @LOCATION1. However, students must learn and begin to understand the world they currently live in, the eras past, and the environment they will live in in the decades to come. They have to learn how to be successful in life. They should read @PERSON1's work, like @CAPS3, which essentially tells success stories and what separates averages from good ones. Someone out there hates these works, and he shouldn't have the right to destroy the opportunities these books and short stories can give others. Reading is the best way to learn. In the world of social networks and various "screens", the importance of reading has been diminished. Students must develop a love of reading, and if everyone who hates a book takes it off the shelf, then, as Patterson puts it, â€œnone of us have books on the shelf.â€ Any book will Should not be removed. no way
Dear newspaper, I believe that no book should be taken from itself for any reason. People @MONTH1 are not mature enough about certain books, music, magazines, etc., so libraries have problems with certain materials, then maybe they should limit the age of viewing certain things. Libraires keep books and magazines of all types, so what reason do they have to take this material from themselves? I think there are different types of people in the world, and everyone reads different things. If the library is going to take away material that people don't like, then the material that everyone else likes will disappear. For example, if I took the "@CAPS1" series away from myself, all the "@CAPS1" fans would get angry and upset. But knowing that a lot of people love this series, my library doesn't do that. There are plenty of books that parents don't want their kids to read, but the library won't keep them out of themselves. Some parents don't want their kids and teens to read a romantic, exciting book, but that's exactly what other adults love to read. These books aren't going away, but if parents have questions about it, then maybe they should mention it to the library to limit their age. Parents can also check what their kids or teens are reading. But those books will always be in the library and you can't let them go because you don't want your kids to read them. As a rule of thumb, I've read a few pornographic books that upset me because I'm an immature person. But I wouldn't ask for the book to be taken away from myself. Some books are vulgar and obnoxious in the way they describe battles, wars, or abuse, but some people like reading literature like this, so libraries keep them. If people have problems with books, stay away from them and don't read them. It's that simple. In conclusion, I think all books should stay on the shelf because everyone has different interests and perspectives. If someone has a problem with a pornographic or vulgar book, then they shouldn't prepare that book, and if they don't want their kids and teens to read it, then they should be parents instead of letting them read it. They can't blame the library for books they don't want their kids to read, because it's unfair to people who love those books and enjoy reading them. Sincerely, @PERSON1
From many ideas and arguments, people disagree with school libraries. The main reason is that books, magazines, articles and the Internet contain very disturbing content for children. Such content requires material such as violence, drugs, and nudity. In this argument, parents don't like resources where their kids have uncensored content. Or maybe parents don't care what their kids can use. Libraries today no longer pay attention to the materials on their shelves. This is how kids think about being "bad kids" in school. They think it's cool to see people drugged, violent, or naked. But if the library has censored content in the library, kids won't like it if they have uncensored content. In the minds of parents, uncensored content should be kept away from children. Libraries should be more responsible for what's on their shelves. They either know or don't know that there is objectionable content in their library. They need to remove all objectionable and uncensored content from their bookshelves for children . It is inappropriate for children to see any objectionable or uncensored material. They are parents with children at school who don't care what they study or do. Parents should be more concerned about what their children are learning every day. Then they can at least teach their kids about uncensored content. Parents and libraries should take more responsibility for objectionable content that children may be exposed to. Children should not see any content because it is not suitable for children. The kids went to their parents and the library. They should know what material the kids are looking at
Do you want your 9 year old @CAPS2 to talk and read about inappropriate topics like sexual relations or language? No! I know I won't for my @CAPS2. I don't think offensive and inappropriate books should be in @LOCATION1 schools or elementary schools with kids or even @NUM1 year olds. Parents should also control what their children watch and listen to. Honstley We can't control how people make movies or what singers say in songs, but we can control who hears and sees them. Only parents can control their children, no one else. In the library, I feel that librarians are what make children read offensive books. I don't mean anything disrespectful, but don't you agree? I mean think about it, librarians are the ones who control the books in the library, and I think they should make sure that the books teens are borrowing are suitable for them to read. No sexual or violent content that should not be read by @NUM1 year olds. Here's an idea, maybe the library should let @DATE1 year olds sign a document, or carry a card with them so they can view that book or @CAPS4. It should have parental permission indicating that the parent agrees to this. But I think high school students should only do this out loud because they are more mature than younger people. They know it's best not to fight or swear at school. What I will say is I agree with the question, parents are the reason their kids are immature and rude because they @CAPS1 their kids get away with attitude and rudeness. So yes, parents and others do have the right to sense movies and books and such. But what about @CAPS4 theaters, you ask? Don't @CAPS1 your @CAPS2 @CAPS3 to @CAPS4 @CAPS5 @CAPS6 you! ! ! It's that simple. High school students @CAPS3 to @CAPS5 watch @CAPS7 movies with friends after school @CAPS6 parents. And I believe some of them use fake @CAPS8 so they don't need parental company. Teens will be home at @CAPS3 that night and want to re-enact what they saw in @CAPS4. Even sex, or fights, even language. It's really sad that parents allow this to happen, and I think parents should grow up and fire their students. I have seen many parents let their children get away with their mouths and attitudes. Most of my friends' parents @CAPS1 their kids got away with it. A friend of mine is really bad at getting what she wants. She told me that all she had to do was cry and she would get what she wanted. I don't always get what I want, I don't want every new thing because I don't deserve it. I have to make money to buy a new phone or a laptop. I asked my parents and they either said we don't have enough money or you don't need it and I went on with my life. But I don't @CAPS1 Books or movies control my life and change who I am. Those things are not that important. I mean the ones talking about school or a random story written by some stranger that happened to be in the school library. Stories or movies etc that teens should really pay attention to are educational. Those who teach us about life and society. About the future, teaching us how to prepare our adult life for the real world. Because once those seniors open their high school doors and graduate, there's no need to stay up late and sleep and say goodbye on weekends. It's the real world, the adult world. So please read this article carefully, I hope what I have said helps you understand why people perceive these things. Why kids behave the way they do. Libraries should sense certain things and not allow students below high school to read them. Please consider what I said and thank you for taking the time to read this
In this millennium, we really shouldn't worry about censorship. People speak worse in public and do worse things in public. On the other hand, parents of children should look at their children to see what they are going to take off the shelf. If their child gets a book with adult content on or in it, it's the parents' fault. So why do we need to conduct censorship? If a CD contains adult content and the child is underage and takes it off the shelf to listen, it's the parents' fault because they don't have enough responsibility to watch their child. The same goes for books, etc. Now, if the child is old enough to understand what they're grabbing, they should be able to listen to it and ask questions about it. If it's about an adult relationship and the child accepts it, then the parent should explain it all and tell them what happened. Parents should be the ones to take responsibility. Now, if a book, music, movie, magazine, etc. contains racism, it should be censored unless it is about history. Children under the age of teens often repeat what they hear or read. In fact, teenagers do too! Books with wrong words should be kept safe or there should be a certain age to get it. There are enough horrible languages in the world, why should libraries increase it by letting kids master these books and repeat what they hear. I remember walking around the library and seeing a kid no more than @NUM1 pick up an adult book and start opening it and going through it. The parents are gone and gone, who leaves the child in the study? The little boy put the book on the hard floor and began to undress. It's not anyone's fault, not the library, not mine. People should take responsibility and control their children and if they can't keep them at home! There are also people who need books for research and need to take home books for their projects. We shouldn't be censoring and removing all books that should be from kids. Some of us need these kinds of books for research and projects! No, our libraries shouldn't have censorship! I don't miss a project or miss a good movie because some parents don't know how to control their kids and see what they're getting. We should be able to keep all the books, movies, magazines, etc. There can be a way to censor most books, but they need their own shelves, and they may be age-restricted or pass-throughs that people can use. However, doing so takes a long time. So keep our library full of interesting stuff and don't censor them!
The library, for me, is the gateway to another world; I can be who I want to be and let my imagination run wild. Libraries should not have the ability to remove a book based on its content. We're all different people, and we don't like the same kind of books. Also, need some books @MONTH1 to research. Censorship should not be allowed in the library. First, there are many different people in the world. Some people learn more about people from books. Picture yourself a white, @NUM1 boy growing up in an all-white town. You've never seen @CAPS1 @CAPS2 in your life. You go to the library and pick up "@CAPS3 by @ORGANIZATION1". @CAPS4 Little boy has never been exposed to this kind of racism. Books are history. Books are learning. Books cannot be taken off the shelf just because of their content. For younger kids, this content can be another world. Second, college students often use the library to write essays for schools. Research needs books. For example, you are a college student writing a research paper on abuse â€“ including sexual, physical, and emotional abuse. A young writer has written a non-fiction novel about her childhood, from being raped by her father at the age of six to being bullied at school. After hours of searching, you find that all local libraries have removed the @CAPS4 book because of its explicit content. College students need books no matter what they do. The library is open to people of all ages. Understandably, it's easy for twelve-year-olds to get their hands on books that aren't appropriate for their age, but that's why the library is divided into sections. If you find a book that is considered off the shelf, don't take it, just move it to a safer, more mature location
Book @CAPS1 @CAPS2 I think it should be your choice to remove certain material such as books, music, movies and/or magazines. I always thought it was part of our constitutional right. I read a lot of city books because that's what I love @CAPS2. They literally go back to where I've been, or where I'm @MONTH1 going in my life. No, they're not the kind of books I'd read to my grandkids, but they @MONTH1 choose later in life they also love urban books and movies. You @MONTH1 also don't like reading material I like, but that doesn't mean you should ban them. There are a lot of books and movies that I don't like, but I wouldn't ask for them to be banned. If everyone started @CAPS1 @CAPS2 they didn't like, then there would be no need for movies, libraries or bookstores. Children don't have a future because they don't know where they come from. @CAPS2 Bad for you @MONTH1 Not bad for me or the next person. When you enter a library or bookstore, you already have and know the @CAPS2 you are looking for. If some books are not suitable for children, they should have their own section that says "For @CAPS3 @CAPS4". We are @CAPS3 and parents. We should control our kids and what they read and watch @CAPS2. I don't think @CAPS1 these materials will make the problem go away, because kids these days, if they want them bad enough, are going to find a way to read or watch them anyway. Ann @CAPS5 and @CAPS6
Libraries are our way of learning about what happened in the past, whether it was fact or fiction. No matter what type of book it is, it still tells us a story from another place and another time. Libraries should not be censored. It would be wrong to take a book away because of a sentence that seems vulgar and inappropriate to a young reader. I know reading books with adult content like drug use and sex can lead to experiments, but isn't that life? At least once in our existence on Earth we find ourselves curious about something and we try it just to see what it is like. It's all a learning experience. History is probably the most sensitive subject in our library, mainly because we are ashamed of our actions over three decades ago, discrimination in @LOCATION1, @CAPS1, and now the war in the Middle East. Some countries don't even teach their own history to school students because they are embarrassed about what happened or afraid that if the students knew @CAPS6, why and what happened, it might happen again. Reading and understanding what our ancestors did will help us lead a better future, not destroy it. Today's media is full of adult material that is not suitable for children under @NUM1. If anything, we need to start reviewing what we broadcast on TV and what we post on @CAPS4, regardless of our library. Most of the books in our library have been around for over forty years, so it makes absolutely no sense to delete it when it has been educating young people for over forty years. I really don't know why you would delete books or check them with a marker. All it does is give the reader less reading material. In @LOCATION2, elementary educators don't need to teach their students @CAPS6 spelling at all. I walked into a third grade classroom and watched a girl spell @CAPS2 '@CAPS3', which I thought was the right reason to spell @CAPS2. The excuse for @ORGANIZATION1 not having teachers teach @CAPS6 spelling is that they should learn by reading books every day. Well guess @LOCATION2, with @CAPS4, gaming systems and iPods, little kids won't read like they did ten years ago, we're going to have a lot of future adults who don't know @CAPS6 to read, that's what it's going to be Such. '@CAPS5 @CAPS6 Did you spell encyclopedia? '@CAPS6 I should know, @CAPS6 didn't teach me to spell @LOCATION2. You know what I mean, so if you're going to take away your ability to spell, it's better not to take our books because they're the only thing teaching us @ORGANIZATION1's future to spell simple words at @CAPS6. Today we have @CAPS4, gaming systems, iPods and @CAPS8 to entertain us every day. No one reads as a way to relieve boredom, they just sit on the couch and watch TV. Now, if you cut back on reading material for teens and young readers, you're not encouraging us to read. You are taking away all the fun parts of a book. To be honest, if a book was a good story with some extra fizz, I would read it over and over again. I don't like books without drugs, alcohol, family stress, war stories or even some sex, mostly because books without them are boring. When I read books like this, they make me feel better about my life, @CAPS6 I interact with others. I learned @CAPS6 from books to handle all of these things. Most of my knowledge comes from these types of books and I hate that my kids can't read and learn from the same material as I did when they were their age
I believe certain materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should never be removed from the library because even the offensive person still has access to the information. I make this point based on the guidelines established by our country, freedom of speech and equality for all. If we start removing offensive books, movies, etc. from our libraries, where will we draw the line between what is offensive and what is not? Even removing a book from a library for offending a certain race or culture can set off a tornado of books that everyone has ever disagreed with about them or their culture and way of life. Now, let's stop and think about what is objectionable. People are offended by things outside every day, and the books and movies in our library are probably pretty low on the offensive totem pole next to the internet or the news I think, isn't it? Also, the material we provide to the library is also for people to learn and teach, they are not offensive or rude, and in my experience with the library as a @NUM1+ year user, I have never found anything offensive or hurtful to anyone to say. In my conclusion, there are too many books on many topics to even begin to discuss what is objectionable, which is objectionable, and who is objectionable. All in all, a library is a place to learn and teach, and the information in it is helpful and constructive, not offensive or harmful, and starting to remove material now will eventually lead to the end of the library.
Have you ever been offended? Do you lash out, or do you keep an open mind and try to understand? People are offended by many things in life every day. So, we should broaden our horizons and see these "offenses" as the norm. You're at a party and there's a bowl full of candy by the front door. You go in and get a piece. Wait, you don't want that piece? What are you going to use it for? Do you take everything you don't like out of the bowl and throw it away, or do you just put it back in the bowl and choose a new one? If you throw away the candy, what does it mean to the other guest? You narrow down their options because of your own selfish opinions. That candy might be the guest's favorite. But since you don't like it, you're depriving other guests of that candy. They shouldn't be like this, now are they? If you search the library for books and come across one that doesn't interest you or offends you, put it back and look for a new one. If you can't find a suitable book, ask your librarian for suggestions on other topics or books to check out. Go to a new library, even, but don't mess with stuff that doesn't belong to you. Especially something as small as a book. The point is, if you don't like something, ignore it. The moment this book, and this book alone, starts to cause problems, is the moment that anyone should intervene. But, please, do you really think a book can cause problems? If your child has a problem, you don't think you should check him or not, not to see if he/she has looked at the "books we wish our kids didn't have" off the shelf. If I even think about it, it's probably one of the last things I want to cause problems. Opinions can cause a lot of questions. Sometimes, people just need to keep their opinions, agree?
Libraries may contain books that offend humans and animals. This book is very offensive and can contain grandiose reviews just to please the reader. In my opinion, all books, music, magazines, etc. found to contain offensive and negative information to anyone should be removed from the shelves. For example, in political cartoons inside newspapers, @PERSON1 is sometimes compared to @CAPS1. As @CAPS2 @CAPS3 we feel very offended when they are called @CAPS1 in our own race. I find it offensive because white people call black people monkeys when black people can't do certain things. It's not a good thing for me to be offended, the last thing they need to offend is in the library. Libraries should keep active material on their shelves. Books that provide knowledge to those in need, not something that contains negative descriptions of human life. Children should also be able to pick up a book and not be offended by it. One night my little brother came home with a book he bought for the library. It's about a white dog trying to find food and a place to sleep together with a dark dog. But one day, the dark dog was left out, and a loving family brought the white dog into their warm home. My brother was so uncomfortable with the book that he decided to get it back that night. Libraries can contain very objectionable stuff that makes people sick. Offensive stuff can hurt a person's feelings, and the library should be the last place a person feels uncomfortable while reading. Even though his brother found a book he didn't like, he continued to go to the library to find good books to read. Going to the library is fun, but they can contain very objectionable stuff that can hurt a person's feelings.
Censorship can be found on television, libraries, schools, and even the home. Do you think censorship should be used? Censorship can be used to block a person's personal thoughts and opinions in order to promote conformity. I disagree with the idea of censorship. Not everyone believes that people should be able to have their own image and vision; however, that's what makes our world so personal. Censorship in libraries is getting slower and slower. The government doesn't want @LOCATION1's society, especially young people, to read content deemed inappropriate. Shouldn't it depend on one's guardians, or if they're old enough, on themselves? When you read a book, you see the language is blocked, they separate the sections to make the book look more elegant, and also block things like drugs and alcohol. Many people believe that books are hurting today's society. I believe the reading material would be more educational if the editors left some of the content they reviewed in the book. I believe this is because if parents decide not to let their children read stories that are up to them; however, their children can learn about certain situations and possibly learn how to deal with these difficult things. This view that book censorship is absolutely debatable. Censorship, as in the book, @ORGANIZATION1 is using. The government removed certain words from this story because they were deemed offensive. This is also understandable. I don't think this amazing novel should be viewed that way. This language is not meant to be used offensively, but just to illustrate how and what people were talking about when @PERSON1 was alive. Without a book like this, how can society learn not only the history of @LOCATION1, but the history of other cultures as well? In all fairness, @ORGANIZATION1 is an educational novel about the age of @ORGANIZATION1 and @CAPS1. Censorship in movies is also growing. The TV will block things like language, nudity, alcohol, drugs and similar. I don't want to turn on the TV and see this stuff everywhere, but it can teach people what not to do. I believe that people's thoughts are easier to imagine if censorship is not used. Imagination scares people. Some people think that imagination drives people crazy or does something abnormal; but what is normal? It's scary for the community to do what everyone else is doing and not be different. This whole article reminded me of the idea that censorship is basically a rut. The word obedience means to be one; to confirm. If so, no one will come up with new books, music, movies, magazines or ideas; we will all be citizens of @LOCATION1 or any other culture trapped in our own minds
Wow, that's racist. As I said when I saw movi white men cant jump. Yes, that movie might offend me a lot, but it's not personal, and I think it's funny and I love it because its real statistics show that black people jump higher than white people. It all depends on how you look at it and when it comes to things like this you have to have a sense of humor. Everyone remembers someone saying something offensive to them at some point. But you can choose to take it to heart, or just laugh it off. Life is so much easier when you don't cry over every little thing people say to you. See now I have a sense of humor. When I was in that movie, I laughed so hard I almost pissed myself. I don't care that it singles out white people, what's so funny about that. Killing a mochinburd is also a book that a lot of people call offensive, and I can see why. It has a lot of @CAPS1 words in it. But the people in the book didn't tell you at that time, it was a different era, why would you be offended by it. He didn't offend you. If you take little things like this to heart, you're going to have a tough time in your life. Some things you just have to let go and roll off your body. In conclusion, yes, we said a lot of offensive things to us, but you can't let it get you down, you have to move on. If you keep going, you'll be a better person in the long run.
Books, music, movies, magazines, etc. are all great ways to learn. While some materials are bad, some are good. Not all people are the same, and not all books or magazines are the same. Books, newspapers, and magazines are good things, and they can be bad things. Some talk nonfiction and some fiction. Others talk about celebrities and all the good and bad things they've done this week, which is something some of us want to read, but none of us should read or even write. There are also some books with children's stories. There are also articles that everyone should read, like the man who saved a lot of people on @DATE1. There are all kinds of things to read out there, you just have to be a little careful about what to read and put on your public library shelves. Music is another great way to express yourself. There's good old @CAPS1 music like @ORGANIZATION1. And something no one should listen to, or even sing like almost all @CAPS2 music. They also have children's songs that anyone can listen to, no matter how annoying. Or you can pick up some good ol' @CAPS3 @CAPS4 or any other Christian artist or gospel music. Music in this world is very diverse. Movies today are okay, but most of the time they're not good stuff. You can choose an educational video featuring animals that most people can watch. There are also bad movies such as @CAPS5 and @CAPS6. It's a horror movie that makes it hard to sleep for days. Those are things no one should ever make. There's also a video copy of the TV show, and that's okay. There are tons of movies made today that shouldn't even be on someone's mind, but some are good and educational. So all in all, I think when it comes to content like this, it should be up to the reader and viewer to decide. A library anywhere should have almost everything. Next time you're at the library, proceed with caution
Every library has a ton of information on just about everything. There are tons of books, music, movies, magazines, etc. that contain this information. There may even be some information that might offend some people. On the other hand, others might be fine. I think all libraries should have all books on their shelves, no matter what they contain, because not everyone is going to be unhappy with something in a book and vice versa. Subject competitions may play a role in certain books in the library. Books have information about people doing things to other people simply because of their race. Some people want to take books out of the library because of what they contain, but in fact it may be an important part of the history that people need to be educated about. Some books are very offensive to people because of their skin color, religion or race. This information people need to know because that's how people were treated back then and things like that still exist today. The library has all kinds of information. I think all the books in the library should be there, no matter what's in them. Even if something offends some people, it can still be an important part of the history people need to know
In my opinion, books, movies, magazines, etc. should not be taken down if they offend someone. This is because everyone has a different opinion on everything. Another reason is because of the purpose of learning in schools etc. And authors don't want to write books because the shelves are empty and their books, movies, magazines are rejected. Since most people at the time had a different view of everything, if every book or magazine was offensive, it was taken off the shelf because, as a result, there would not be any books or magazines on the shelves. This is because people think different things are offensive, so one person thinks it's offensive, @MONTH1 is not aimed at another person. So people get angry or upset if their favorite book gets taken down because someone says it's objectionable. Another problem with putting "offensive" books on the shelf is that it will keep people out of school and so on. This is because we all have to go through some repulsive things in school like war, slavery and politics. If all these books were taken off the shelves, no one would know about them. In conclusion, no one is ever taught why these events happened and why they were wrong, so people don't change, they keep doing these things because they weren't taught not to. In my opinion, this will cause a lot of conflict between people and no one will be educated on these historical events. Books, on the other hand, are not put on the shelf, rather than books being taken off the shelf. I mean, authors, producers don't make movies or write books because their work keeps getting rejected. Not only was it rejected, but nobdy would have spent the time and effort making one of these rejected because it was offensive. In my opinion, it's almost impossible for these writers/directors to make a non-offensive book or movie for everyone who will read or watch. All in all, I read a lot of books in class every year and offend at least one person, but if that person finds a movie, book, or magazine objectionable, they can choose not to finish it, or they never have to read it again. All in all, even if a book is offensive to someone, there are plenty of reasons why it should stay on the shelf. This is because it doesn't help people get educated about what happened, and people don't read any books in school. and the authors won't write because their books are removed and the shelves are empty
Why should we be more careful about what we get in libraries? Libraries can hold books of knowledge, fun, romance, action, or adventure, but some can be devastating and grus. Many times children choose books with erotic or grusium effects. This causes children to act in different ways. They can be excessive and mean to other people and even other children. They are cunning and do things behind their parents' backs. Why is it because they think they need to do it because it's cool, but they don't understand it makes them look ugly. "So take them out" is what some parents are saying now. Even if we did get out all the books that were bad for kids, there wouldn't be many books left. Because all books these days have something that is bad for our psyche. So why do we need to be more careful about the books we put into the library and the books we take out of the library? It makes the world change very fast. Now the library is a great place for children to study. Books can teach them new things and expand their knowledge. The library is where all the kids come with reports or papers about important people. Some kids go there just to get a book to enjoy. From my point of view, the library is one of my favorite places to go. Anything involving books counts me there. Owning books fires our imaginations and takes us on adventures that some of us would never do. Sometimes books cause something to happen in the family. Some of them give us nightmares or have really bad behavior. If we try to take out some of these books it will help with family reunion, but if we don't take out some of them it will cause things to go wild. Because people and kids think they need these books to survive in the world. It's really just books and stuff...that makes our brain paint the things that make us think we need them. Other writing materials and even movies are causing problems in this world today. Magazines can keep girls underdressed, or other things that distract boys. Movies are worse because the picture is right in front of them. I'm not saying that all magazines and movies are bad for us, because they can help too. Journals can help us with research, or just what's going on in the world right now. They can also talk about many topics, such as cooking, room decoration, how to set up a wedding, etc... Movies can help us research and can also show us what happened at the time. Like watching documentaries, they are about people or things that happened to us in the past. We don't need to take out every movie or magazine, but some we can. So why do we need to be more careful about what we put into the library? It can cause us to have bad behavior or nightmares. So how can we help solve this problem? We can take out books, magazines, movies, etc... things that are very harmful to our brains. Therefore, it helps our children develop good behavior habits and maturity. Books, magazines and movies can also be a very good thing if we use them properly. How do we know we have a good book? We follow our heart and intuition to find the right books for us
Author Kathryn Patterson once said: "All of us can think of a book that we hope our children or any other children don't take off the shelf. But if I have the right to take that book off the shelf Next - I hate this kind of work - then you have the same rights and so do other people. Then we have no books on the shelf for any of us. The quote from @CAPS1 reflects people wanting to get out of the library some of the literature, books, magazines, music and movies because they don't think these materials are appropriate. If we get rid of all the books in the @CAPS1 world, we'll have nothing to learn and some of the main sources of entertainment will disappear. I think Certain materials should not be replaced from the shelf because today's young people need to understand the real past, people should understand the real face of culture, writers and writers need to be able to express themselves, and parents should be able to control what they think their children should and shouldn't read Content. Contemporary people don't know what history is without books and novels from the past. Children should be allowed to read books like @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS2 @CAPS3 and @CAPS4 @CAPS5 to understand how times have changed. Grandparents stories only would take a person back to about NUM1 years; we need resources that can take us back thousands of years. Some families, like @CAPS6 @CAPS7 families, maybe if their kids are reading something that says "niggers" Will be offended, but that's our history. It's something we can't change, and it's important for kids to know how things really are and how badly people are treated. We don't want young people today to Terrible mistakes made by some past generations, so need to make them aware of real but sometimes scary situations. Understanding different cultures will be another problem if books and movies dry up. No money to go to different countries these days Travel and experience their culture. How should a young girl from a small town @LOCATION2 know how people live in @LOCATION1? From what she knows, people may live in igloos. I believe people learn about different cultures and religions in order to live in It's important that they are accepted in society. Movies can teach a lot about different countries, and books can do a good job. If they disappear, cultures will be misunderstood and forgotten. Also, authors and directors need to be able to express themselves. Since people are young, they have been taught that it is important to be unique and express your own style. Not every writer wants to write about butterflies and rainbows. Some people like to write about violence, gore, and segregation. These are the things of today's world Part of it, everyone needs to face this reality. Throwing away all these books on the library shelf doesn't solve the problem; it just makes people unpredictable about what will happen to them or the @CAPS1 world. Some parents @MONTH1 are very upset when boy comes home from school with an offensive book Sad, but parents should control their children. If they have a question about what their child is reading, then they should handle it themselves. They don't need to impact other people's lives by trying to get rid of materials on public library shelves. Why one would even consider moving away from history and learning material about culture and different topics in the @CAPS1 world is beyond my comprehension. It's like asking someone to turn back time so we don't have slavery, depression, world wars, and homicides. History cannot be undone, but we can learn from the past to avoid making the same mistakes and the things of the world today in order to accept and understand. Books, magazines, movies and music are all great. They represent freedom of self-expression and speech, so people should make them a source of entertainment and learning. Without them we would be nothing
Many believe objectionable material should be removed from libraries because children can pick it up and view it. I don't believe this should be done. They already have a children's area and it's their fault if a child reads an inappropriate book outside the children's area. I don't think someone should have to go elsewhere to get the CD, game, book or movie they're looking for. It's hard to find an inappropriate book without specifically looking for it. It can be a book for teaching a health or nursing course and is not at all out of place. Here are a few things you should consider when choosing a side in this debate. Who knew we might have to vote one day
Who cares about something that doesn't feel, anyway? Probably something objectionable has happened in the library since the first library opened. For as long as I can remember, there has been something "offensive" in the library. Should everyone share their opinion about taking these offensive books off the shelves now? What is the difference between someone saying offensive or writing offensive? OK, so maybe you don't want your child to read something without feeling it, but other kids are likely going to say things around him without feeling. If there's a book that's so bad that you don't want your kids to read it, why publish it? Publishers do read the books they publish, they don't publish anything at will. I think they just need to ignore the things that don't feel. If you're not mature enough to take an article, book, or magazine seriously, you don't need to read it anyway. On the news or radio, you will always hear about some boys being bullied at school. It's not because of something not perceived, why don't they blame it on the parents and ask where they are? When kids come home and learn swear words or something, parents look at anyone and everyone but themselves. It was never the parents' fault. It's useless if people pull the unperceived out of the library, that's just my opinion. I know I don't have a say in this, that's okay, I can still believe I'm right. thank you for your time
How much did you learn from books when you were a kid? The book is full of great stories from afar, accounts of true events, and poetry with profound meaning. All of these books are written by an author with a clear point of view. These books should not be censored from libraries for offensive words or ideas. Kids have to learn these things at some point in their lives, and I think the sooner they learn it, the less trouble it will cause them later in life. Freedom of speech is also given to us in @LOCATION1. Shouldn't there be freedom to read? The author is a talented person. Without them, there would be no books anyone could read. We should all respect authors and what they write in their books. This means that when an author thinks a word or action fits into a book, we should ignore that book and respect what he or she chooses to put in it. I learned everything when I was a kid. I'm a very curious person, like any kid my age. I remember hanging out in my public library, going through the rows of books and reading the titles. There are books on politics, religion, sex and violence. On the other side of the library, however, are books about children escaping from their own worlds and traveling through time and space in a magical tree house. There are even stories of emotional and normal conversations between mice! Libraries are great because there is a lot of knowledge in an unlimited list of books. As I got older, I started to delve into more adult books such as politics and religion. I then formed my own personal opinion on what I gleaned from the book. I would never have been able to study these topics without those books in that library. Our @CAPS2 in @CAPS1 has an amendment to promote free speech in @LOCATION1. This allows anyone to say whatever they like, as long as they don't violate other people's @CAPS2. A library is defined as a place where people can read and borrow books from a library and return them when they like. Libraries should allow every book in their collection because every book has some kind of value. It's not right to take a book out of a library because of objectionable material, because whatever is in it matters. Some books @MONTH1 contain material that may not be in the hands of children. Children need to learn these things at some point in their lives. Why not now? Books teach us all. please keep them teaching
Offensive books should not be removed together, but should be placed in an adult-only section. That way, the child won't read the book anyway. If an objectionable book is in a school or any other place where the readership is mostly children, it should be possible to get the book off the shelf. In conclusion, it should be fine to remove an objectionable book from the shelf, but only if the book is offensive to the wrong reader.
I think everyone has a different view on certain books being removed from the library. Do I think certain books should be removed from the library: yes and no. The reason I choose "yes" and "no" is because some books are helpful for other people's classrooms and research for whatever courses they need. Another reason I say no is because of the fact that if the book offends you then don't read it or think about what it says and leave it alone. Another reason I'm picking "yes" is if it's showing some hurtful words in there to say to other people, then yes it needs to be before other people start using those hurtful words to the docks or their elders Removed. If the book contains racial slurs against different races, then yes they need to be removed ASAP. If other people got hold of the books then everyone would use them with each other and it would cause people to fight with each other, it's just pure hatred between people of different races who use it. These are my opinions to remove some books that contain harmful things or meanings that may contain violence or address another person by their name or race
Should library books be censored? Obviously, if you're talking to an adult, then yes, they probably don't want their students to learn inappropriate words, but if you ask any student the same question, you're likely to get a different answer. Some might say "I don't like hearing or reading these words", others might say "Of course why not, I hear them on TV, I see them on the Internet, my parents say that, so I Why can't you read them." Personally, I don't think it's a big deal to have some inappropriate words in a book, but they shouldn't be allowed on shelves in secondary or lower libraries. High school and above I think it's ok on the shelves of magazines, books, music and movies. When I was a kid, my mom always said don't swear, but growing up in an environment where the vast majority of people you speak to swear, then after a while it comes out like normal. So why not put it in books and movies? It's not that we don't know what these words mean. If they hurt your feelings, then you know to stop reading, listening, or watching. I'm not saying swear words are good, use them in every sentence you say, but listening or reading some won't kill you. In some cases, profanity helps the story. Sometimes you read a book and someone is arguing and you don't even realize it until the argument is over, but sometimes when there's a dirty word and you stop and say, '@CAPS1 what's going on here and I wonder what it is . @CAPS2 will get your attention and keep you hooked on anything until you find out what's going on. Finally; movies, books, music and magazines with vulgar language do affect our youth. Many kids swear at a very young age, but that's exactly how people communicate, express emotions, and get attention. Censorship can take a lot out of a book and make it less interesting in general, so again I believe that censorship shouldn't be the deciding factor in choosing a book, movie, music, or magazine. Chose it because it looks fun and you might like it
There are a lot of books that can be offensive. I personally agree. There are a lot of things that kids shouldn't see. There are so many things out there, the weather, its books, movies, and other things that can have a bad effect on kids. Children learn by watching and observing. They learn from us and our generation. What better way to protect them than to eliminate their ill effects. First, kids watch movies, they see people kissing, and one thing leads to another. Some movies even show people having sex. What effect does it have on children. Better than kids learn, they go out and do the same thing. Teenage pregnancy has jumped the roof. High @CAPS1 full of pregnant teens. Wherever you go, I see a vibrant teenager. Some girls even become pregnant as soon as they develop and are able to have children. Now imagine if we could stop it. There is a way; don't let kids watch these shows so they don't get tempted. Second, there are books, movies and other things that show kids being shot and killed and how people get away with it. This can be a very bad effect. Video games with shooting, limbs flying around. Then kids will learn from these video games and movies. They think it's okay to kill someone and you can get away with it. Bad influences like this make kids think it's okay to do it. Some kids kill their parents for video games. Then kids become cereal killers or shoot at school. Isn't there a lot of evidence to show people what's wrong. We need to get this under control now and stop it one day when you see your kids on TV for killing people. In the end, all children are getting lazy. All the kids do is lie down and watch TV or play video games. Their laziness leads to obesity. They are the many children this topic refers to. For many reasons, no parent wants to see their child overweight. Obese kids cause a lot of depression. Children feel bad because they feel ugly and they have lost their self-esteem. Then the child becomes shy and quiet. In some cases, children attempted suicide because other children made fun of them at school every day. I know that no parent would want their child to die. These are all things going on, and parents need to open their eyes to see what's going on before it's too late. In short, to prevent all these disasters, they must change. Their many harmful and ill effects today can determine a child's future. There's still time for change, so let's do something about it. Letâ€™s minimize teen pregnancy, bad video games or movies, and instead of watching movies and playing video games all day, get up and go for a walk. These are the little things we can do to make a difference
I @CAPS1' @CAPS2 think books should be reviewed. No book except math books @CAPS1' @CAPS2 that offends at least one person or group of people. Books are an important part of a learning system. If a book offends you, you @CAPS1' @CAPS2 must @CAPS3 @CAPS4. @CAPS4 It's that simple. There is no need to overreact to words on paper. In addition, there are more important issues at present. While being offended by a book is bad, we have to realize that some people are going through something worse than that. An example is a drug user or a family member with drug use. A better example is the parent or guardian of a child killed accidentally or intentionally. One of the most common yet overlooked examples is that experienced by the loved ones of those who died for our country. As you can see, if people can live with it, then we can certainly deal with an objectionable book. Censorship leads to blindness. I mean, if we censor an offensive book, then we have to censor every book that someone finds offensive. All men are created equal, right? So they had to review the book. If a book offends you so much, listen up, @CAPS1' @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4! Just because a book offends you, @CAPS2 doesn't mean @CAPS4 offends everyone. Sometimes history books can be considered offensive, so we review @CAPS4, then we @CAPS1' @CAPS2 learn about our past mistakes and repeat them. The point is that if one can handle some of the things I mentioned, then we can all handle a little bit of writing on a little bit of paper.
This is the problem with today's society. We are too weak. We worry too much about what others will think if we say this or do that. I'm the type of person who doesn't care about other people's feelings. I say so to a certain extent. If we're talking about my friends, family, girlfriend, it's totally different. I have a lot of respect for these people every day. But in terms of people I don't know, I don't really care what their beliefs, opinions, and outlook on life are. Maybe we should stop worrying about other people for a while and just try to grow and thrive as a species. Has anyone thought about it? If I had my way, @ORGANIZATION1 would not exist. @CAPS1, radio, books, movies, magazines will be uncensored. Is life filtered and censored? Absolutely not! So why do these things exist? I'm tired of people constantly protecting their kids from normal life. They have to find time to study. Life is not lollipops and rainbows. It's hard, relentless, and will blow your mind. You just have to learn to get used to it. Censorship of libraries, @CAPS1, etc, doesn't and won't help. I guess I don't understand why we should care so much. If everyone just relaxed a bit and focused on themselves, we'd be fine. It makes me sick every time I hear the word "offensive" because it doesn't exist in my eyes. It's a made-up word that actually means we care more about other people's feelings than our own
I don't believe in library censorship. If @CAPS1 we live in a free country and have the right to get whatever material we want from the library. It doesn't matter if it's age-appropriate. If you don't want your kids to listen to that bad rap artist, or watch that @CAPS2 rated movie, it's your responsibility as a parent not to let them know. Part of what makes @LOCATION1 so great is the freedom that comes with living here. If we allowed anyone to censor the library, we would have no books to read, movies to watch, or music to listen to. Katherine Paterson said: â€œAll of us can think of a book that we take off the shelf for our children or any other child. But if I had the right to take that book off the shelfâ€” I hate this kind of work - then you have the same rights and so do other people. Then we don't have books on the shelf for any of us. This sentence shows that if someone has the right to take a book off the shelf, we There won't be any books left. Censorship is just the beginning. It could lead to governments censoring public information they don't want us to know. This will take away the greatness of @LOCATION1 and we won't be free. Censorship of libraries will take away from us right. witch is why i bring it up
It should be books, magazines, music, movies, etc. Are certain age levels censored? No, they shouldn't. Books can be very educational. Sometimes you can't even find a book without bad stuff. Even if they do, sometimes it's the only way to learn about our nation's rich history. Books cannot be reviewed from children. why do you ask? Because people read for the purpose of learning. Learn about love, math, history, and more. These books are written by adults, not for adults, but for everyone. I read a lot of books and I learned something new with each book I read. As early as the ninth and twentieth centuries, curses were huge in books. But it's not just for swearing, it's for showing the character's full character. It also sets the mood of the era, and where the story takes place. For example, characters in war books curse a lot. The reason for this is that if a guy gets shot in the leg and all he says is '@CAPS1!!' that's not how the character behaves. This man will curse his lungs. Not literally, but readers will have a better understanding of the characters in the book when the author writes what someone really wants to say. As the famous saying goes, everyone has the same right to read, it's true. This is true because everyone has the right to be interested and to know what interests them. Right? I personally believe that each of them should choose what they want to learn and then have the freedom to do it. So should books in libraries be censored? No, of course not. It's the best way for people to see what life really is like. Sometimes you can learn anything without reading a book with profanity, sex, or violence. People worry that reading books like this will create bad people if they learn these things at a young age. But it doesn't, it just tells them how not to act. And can only create a better person.
I believe that if books, music, movies, magazines, etc. are objectionable and not good, they should be removed because of young children. Young children are not exposed to these things loudly if they are not good or suitable for them. Since there are bad and objectionable things like books, music, movies, magazines, etc., I would suggest a room or some sort of place that can hold them, and only adults can be around them and reach them. Movies and magazines are my biggest worry. They have more bad stuff in them than books or music. The language of books and music is terrible, but there are very few bad images or anything like that. If there happens to be a book, music, movie or magazine that you or anyone else finds inappropriate or offensive, then you or that person will have the right to take it off and show it to the head table and let them know what you think about it . I feel like they should keep the library review separate to keep the kids safe. They should speak out and censor books, music, movies and magazines because adults can handle the kind of material that younger children can't. So keep everything separate and you should be fine.
A lot of people, when they believe something very firmly, are very hard on the ideas there. In the eyes of others, you @MONTH1 will find some people who disagree and do agree with you because they have similar life experiences. All of these people's perspectives are created by the life experiences and many tragedies they have gone through. Sooner or later you will find some problems that many people deal with, someone is worse than you, and you deserve to enjoy every moment. Opinions on many different things frequently alternate, and homosexuality is one of the many issues that are most often debated. In my opinion it doesn't matter if you are gay or not, you have to understand that everyone is different. Exceptions are the key to making everyone get along at some point, yet people struggle with homophobia. Another big debate for many is about women's and men's opinions. It seems that they can't get along because of disagreements, but can't live without each other. It's almost impossible to find a man or woman who agrees with you @PERCENT1 unless there is something that pretends not to exist. From parent quarrels, friends quarrels, and other relatives' life experiences, you see that it's easy for people to forgive and forget because the world should be gifted and cherished every day. All in all, I believe most books are based on reality and what other people think about the world and what they see. I also find it funny when people are very dramatic when trying to make their point. It helps others get a clear picture of who and what they're going through.
I believe all books should be in the library. If people thought like I did, they wouldn't want them to leave. It makes sense that we need all kinds of books to study. Some books @MONTH1 look terrible, but when you think about it, there is always a good lesson to be learned. There are many different reasons why all books should stay on the shelf, but here are a few of mine. There was a boy named @PERSON1 two years ago. In many cases, he found himself in a terrible situation that he didn't know how to handle. Many parents do not talk to their children about certain things, such as drugs. This leaves children unknowingly and curiously finding out the truth. Unless he reads it in a book, he has no other way of figuring out how to deal with fights, drugs, and alcohol. When he was almost sixteen, he started hanging out with a bunch of bad teenagers. They are going to take @PERSON1 to a party. @PERSON1 sneaked away from home because he was curious. When he arrived at the party, everyone started drinking. He knew he'd always wanted to try, but he wouldn't because he had to get home before his parents got up at five the next morning. After sitting on the couch for hours watching other people do it, they finally got him to talk. He thought that no one would be hurt. Before long, one became two, two became four, and it kept rising. @PERSON1 had so much fun that he forgot the time. He looked at his watch, it was three o'clock in the morning, and he was really worried. He didn't know what to do until he recalled the books he had read. This book is about a guy who drinks outside who knows his way home in addition to driving. The guy decided to drive home because he wasn't very drunk. When he was driving home, he parked on the highway at the wrong time. A semi-trailer hit the left side of his car. After thinking about the book, he decided to bravely call his parents. @PERSON1 knows he will be punished, but he thinks grounding is better than being injured or even dying. @PERSON1 asked his dad to pick him up for the party. He was banned for two months. It could have been longer if his parents weren't ultimately proud of his decision. @PERSON1 is also happy with his decision. Events like this are exactly why I think almost all books should be on the shelves. The stories in wach's book can help everyone understand what to do in real life. I know books can help me figure out a lot of things. Even what to do and what not to do. If you just give each book a chance, you'll find a good reason to read it
Do I think certain books, music, movies and magazines should be taken down if they are found to be objectionable? Yes, I think they should be removed from the shelves if they are found to be offensive to some or most people. Some may have adverse effects on young children. Some may offend someone's race or religion. It can also be offensive to people depending on who they are or what they do. Some materials should be removed because of their impact on young children. Some books may have violent language and behavior in the book. Most magazines have inappropriate articles that they shouldn't even read. Music these days is very explicit and does not need to be in the hands of a child. Some parents don't even care about music, but it's one of the most influential things. This is one of the reasons why certain books, music and magazines should be removed. There is a lot of music and movies that are very offensive to certain races and religions. Hip @CAPS1 is one of the most blunt music out there, very offensive to people of all religions and certain races. Movies are the same as music. There are certain racist articles in the magazine and certain articles that are very offensive to certain religions. A lot of magazines have stories about celebrities that are really bad, sad and private. In the past, celebrities have sued magazines and newspapers for publishing false stories or overly private content. These are just some of the ways and reasons why certain books, movies, music and magazines should be taken down if found offensive. No one knows how people feel about themselves or things around them
No, I don't think music.movies.magazines etc should be moved from the library, because what is a book-only library? Even if you have to read and be quiet and sit down. You can listen to music on your computer and watch and view @MONTH1's favorite movies. Magazines keep you up to date with the latest fashion, new looks or happenings, and our community. When you come to the library, you don't listen to music. It soothes the vibe, if you @MONTH1 is in a bad mood then @MONTH1 loves @MONTH1's concert to bring you down and make you better. It relaxes you. You can still listen to music on your computer. While reading a good book, you can list music. Movies are a great source and library. You can go to the library while watching a movie. Take it home to see. You can watch all types of movies. The movie you @MONTH1 loves, it can also be the movie you need for your @MONTH1 project, or even an educational movie. If you don't want to learn about nature, animals, or even @CAPS1 people from @DATE1. It's always good for movies and libraries. Magazines and libraries are very helpful. Because while you @MONTH1 waiting for something or it might be on the computer, you can sit down and grab a magazine. In the library, you can read various magazines such as sports, fashion, nature, cartoon, animals, etc. So the magazine is very helpful and it's a library. That's why I say no, because it shouldn't be removed from the library, because you can do a lot of great stuff and labs besides reading and getting on a computer. Movie magazines and music are helpful and libraries. Who is not used to reading books on the computer. '@CAPS2 @CAPS3'.
Libraries are pathways to knowledge that branch off into many different cultural pathways. It has expanded from a place for books to a building that also houses music, films, magazines and other forms of media. However, this raises the question of whether certain material should be excluded if it is deemed objectionable. There are many ways to solve this problem. Is censorship an answer to offensive material or an answer to not being "politically correct"? Often people will claim that some work is unfair without knowing the viewpoint of the alleged victim. Ironically, the people in power â€” standing up for the offended party â€” often donâ€™t know them better than the creators of the work. Another reason for censorship is to protect children from unwanted material, understandably. However, in the process, parents can control what they want their children to access. I think it is the parent's responsibility to determine such limits. If parents allow children unlimited access to library materials, children should be able to explore wherever their curiosity leads. If parents choose to restrict access, they should be proactive in the selection process. The individuals who bear and raise these children have the right to decide how to direct them. I'm a musician myself, and in a sense it's no more artistic than any other creator (e.g. a writer). My creations are expressions that I give the world to enjoy and think about. Deleting an author's work in a library is compromising his ability to disseminate his ideas. Of course, there are other channels to get books, but the library is one of the biggest. A few complications arise with library reviews. What guidelines do you have in determining the exclusion of offensive material? If a material offends one person, is it enough to exclude it, or is a larger group needed? It's unrealistic to always have a group of completely unanimous opinions, so how do you determine what's offensive and what's not. In conclusion, I believe that everyone should be able to get any material they want from the library. This is an institution that allows people to go places they would never go and live a life they would never live. Its ability to do so should not be compromised.
In third grade, I picked up a book from a shelf at the local library with an interesting cover. It's pretty big, but I started to fall in love with reading at that point in my life, so I decided I was ready. The genre of the book is fantasy, which I really like. Although, some parts of the book confuse me. There are some scenes involving women that I don't understand, and a lot of new words. Eventually, I came to ask my father about a certain part of the book. He read this passage, his eyes widened. I never finished that book. No doubt I gained a learning experience by reading that book, but, as my dad apparently thought, @MONTH1 was a bit too much for that time in my life. If my mom didn't want to hype it up, my dad would have a few words with that library. Now that I'm old enough to understand what happened in that book, I realize that I've lost some innocence because of it. It's just that some materials are not suitable for children and should not be placed in our public libraries. Given my experience, it seems ridiculous not to review what's listed. If one day I have a son, I want to be the one to tell him about sensitive topics about women and swearing; it shouldn't come from some fiction. I also don't appreciate the other materials in our library. The music I've seen has artists writing songs without kids in mind, movies with @NUM1 ratings, magazines promoting gossip and being sexually suggestive. Overall, to my disappointment, our library allows some of these to be listed. When I think about my experience in third grade, I wish I had never read that book . Maybe this will allow me to retain a little more innocence, maybe when I was younger, I would have more respect for women. I hope to see more scrutiny in libraries so we can protect today's children until parents choose to open their eyes to the world.
Have you noticed how much bad material is available for kids? Movies, books, magazines, music, even what? It would be nice to get rid of all this shitty material, but what if other people don't feel the same way about that song, movie, or @CAPS1 show? I think it would be terrible if we took all the bad material because it could bring violence among some people who disagree with it, which violates one of our rights, which is freedom of speech. In the world we live in today, if you take something like their favorite book from someone, it triggers violence between some people. Looking back at our history, we are a country full of rebellion. That's where @CAPS3 comes in. So take something from people and they'll stand up and fight for it. There will always be someone trying to smuggle and hide something, so we can never get rid of it completely. If you take away all the bad material, that will take away one of our rights, which is freedom of speech. @MONTH1 Some of the material there will offend other people, but we have no right to get rid of it. It seems like there aren't any books, magazines, or even a song that someone wouldn't be offended by. If we do take all objectionable material, we should take everything. Well, there's no point in us never agreeing on something, we can't please everyone. To take away all objectionable material is to take away people's right to freedom of speech. Don't try to take all the offensive material, it just brings violence and makes everything worse than before. If you're a parent, you can't protect your kids from everything because eventually they'll know what it's all about. So trying to get rid of it won't do any good. It will still be there. It's just something our world has to live with
Do you think libraries should remove items that some people find objectionable? Do you find certain items objectionable and wish the library would remove them? @CAPS2 is a major question that many people don't often think about before taking action. Here are some situations that many people have encountered: If someone finds @CAPS1 objectionable, but others don't, should @CAPS2 be removed? Many libraries consider whether objectionable items should be removed due to the opinion of some people. This is because they know people like @CAPS2 and they know people don't; they wonder if the item should be removed because some people find @CAPS2 offensive (this can include books, music, movies, magazines, etc.) . People often think they're doing the best for everyone by asking library staff to remove what they find objectionable. Honestly, they're just helping people who want to remove @CAPS2 and say nothing, that is, if the library removes objectionable items. If the library removes the objectionable item, they @MONTH1 lose a client, and if they don't remove the item, they @MONTH1 lose a client. So they are faced with a dilemma, "Delete this item or not?" @CAPS2 is a tough decision, especially when they @MONTH1 lose multiple customers based on either choice. So what do they do? They @MONTH1 poll customers to see what they think, they @MONTH1 don't do anything at all, or they @MONTH1 delete the item to make people happy. The question is what happens if a friend of @CAPS2 loves the item and you don't want to hurt their feelings because the item has always been around and they love @CAPS2 so much, but can't afford the @CAPS2 store. So what do you do? People usually don't want to think about other people's feelings and/or decisions they have to face about something as trivial as an "offensive" item, they say something they wouldn't normally say in order to get the item said "They can't see it." @ CAPS3 They just don't want to acknowledge other people's choices, feelings, opinions, etc. So what would you do if you found an objectionable item in the library? Will you ask to remove @CAPS2? Didn't say anything? @CAPS2 is ultimately your choice, but not everyone has the same taste in books, music, movies, magazines, etc. Therefore, consider other people's possible feelings, thoughts, opinions before making a decision.
If you were drawn to a book in the library, would you want it off the shelf? I don't think it makes sense to delete it because there are a lot of books that will offend people, and a book isn't just for you, movies and music as well. Books should be able to write about anything people are interested in. Some people @MONTH1 don't find the same thing as you, everyone thinks differently. If books were about emotions or about how people perceive them, there wouldn't be so many books in the world today. This is a free country where we have words to talk and write about whatever we want out. Movies are another way to gain emotion or express yourself. People find most movies offensive, but a movie isn't made up of how people feel about it either. No matter what we do in film, we can express everything we can. In the movie, no people or no race is the focus of people @MONTH1, but this is a personal thing that @MONTH1 goes through. Music can be made in many different ways, even rapping or singing to attract people. Music @MONTH1 is the most objectionable right now, however, music is also far removed from freedom of emotion and speech. I've never been offended by a song I've listened to or anything that people would say how they feel and want. Free speech goes a long way in the world, and people are either used to it or offended. Books, music, movies or magazines don't get pulled by emotions. I see it as an artistic expression showing how people think and respond to things
Many books and materials in a library sometimes offend some people, but that doesn't mean they should be removed from library shelves. Material that may offend one person may be of valuable interest to another. If you hate the subject of history and have the right to cancel it, someone else might come along and cancel the subject you love, science. If it offends the public, it should be placed in a special section, available behind the counter, or only available in select libraries. Through the world's library, there are two general sections, adults, children and entertainment sections. In these sections, many themes and many opinions on certain things can be found. Sometimes it's so offensive that it's almost "hidden" out of sight, having to spend the whole day looking for it. Controversial topics should be placed in closed areas of the library, accessible to staff, so the public doesn't have to worry. Like cigarettes in a store, there should be something behind the counter that allows the material to be watched closely. These topics include sexuality, racism, pornography, politics and other material, as listed. Put these items behind the counter and people won't know about it, it's hidden but still available for special orders or requests. This will help the public. Certain materials create a commotion when they arrive in a particular town, shaking entire communities. Some materials should be off-limits to small towns, and certain materials should only be available in large libraries or certain bookstores. Away from matter, people in small towns can rest assured that matter will never disrupt their community. This is why some materials can only be accessed in advance under close surveillance
I don't think they should be taken off the shelves because some people find it offensive. My view is that everyone has their own beliefs and rights to their own opinions. Not everyone will have the same idea. For example, some people are against black people, while others are not. Everyone has different ideas and opinions, so you should be able to listen to everything. Not everyone will like what you like, listen and believe in everything you do. If it offends you, don't read it, but just because it offends you doesn't mean other people out there don't believe or like it.
There are libraries all over the world. A variety of different materials are stacked on the shelves of the library. Most of the material is helpful and enjoyable, but some are not. I think libraries should be able to put whatever they want on their shelves. Yes, I understand that some of the material in @MONTH1 is not suitable for some people, but there is a way to fix this. If the library has inappropriate books, movies, music, etc. I think they should be able to keep them. Just because some people don't like the material doesn't mean everyone won't like it. Everyone has their own style, everyone likes different things and has different opinions. Isn't that what makes the world go round? Adult @MONTH1 has issues with objectionable material because they have kids going to the library. I understand there are concerns, but there are ways to stop them from accessing inappropriate material. If libraries are going to have this kind of thing in their library, I think there should be an enclosed room where the kids can't go. That way, people who like this stuff can still get it, but kids can't. We go to school for many reasons. Some exist; learn, prepare us for college, and be independent. When we're in school, we're not only learning about things like math and evolution, but what's going on in the world around us. If you haven't noticed, it's all bullying, curse songs and horror movies out there. As children and teens, we see and hear this every day. Since we study and already know all this "offensive" stuff, why not make it available in our library for others who want to study it? There are many different kinds of materials in the library. Some are good for kids and teens, some are not. I understand parents' concerns about public library censorship, but there are ways to stop it. I think just block it in different rooms and everyone will be fine, no harm done
Censorship refers to blocking or removing things that offend people's beliefs, their religion, their ethnicity, and their way of life. Therefore, I don't think library books should be censored. I know people write things that might offend yourself or others, but what if you find a book that describes someone else's beliefs and not yours. Can you take these books off the shelf? Plus, taking books out of the library won't stop kids from learning age-inappropriate stuff. If you don't want your child to know about them, don't let them know. You review what your kids read, not punish someone who goes into the library and needs the book. If people really wanted to start taking books off shelves because they were objectionable, there would be no more libraries. There are some people in this world who think too much about things and offend everything. What people see in books or magazines and what they see in movies is nothing compared to what they see in the real world. So if anything, @MONTH1 offending people's books will just tell you that you won't like everything someone writes or says. As far as movies go, they've gotten good reviews. If it is not age appropriate, please do not watch it, or let your child watch it. The same applies to video games and music. Censor them from your kids, don't let them censor from the world. This is my take on reviewing library content. Just because you disagree with every little thing someone writes, doesn't mean the rest of the world disagrees. Of all the things that need scrutiny, libraries are not one of them. Of all places, taking things off library shelves doesn't do justice to what really needs to be done
Certain materials should not be removed from shelves if they are found to be objectionable for three reasons. The first reason is that it may offend you @MONTH1 not someone else. The next reason is that something called aggression can help teach others. The last reason is that the world wouldn't be like this if we all deleted the things we don't like. The first reason is that what @MONTH1 might offend you won't offend anyone else. In the society we live in, we should not be based on one choice because everyone has the right to freedom of speech. History shows that many different people find different things offensive, as some people think books with gay people shouldn't be in books, but many people think differently. This is a great example of how people have different options. The next reason is that being called offensive can help teach other people many different things. A library as a place to study and study should have a bus loaded with different things, even if some people are offended by it. In fact, some books tell us that we shouldn't offend people because it doesn't matter how a person feels, as long as you have someone who loves you. The last reason is that the world wouldn't be like this if we all deleted the things we don't like. If you don't like it, books are a way for someone to give their opinion, don't offend it and try to remove it from the shelf. @LOCATION1 has a government and they accept everyone's choice. A prime example is state-funded schools, which is a big problem and we shouldn't cancel schools just because someone doesn't like it. In conclusion, certain materials should not be removed from shelves if they are found to be objectionable for three reasons. The first reason is that @MONTH1 is not for anyone else if you find it offensive. The next reason is that being called offensive can help teach other people many different things. The last reason is that the world wouldn't be what it was if we all just deleted the world we didn't like.
Dear Katherine Paterson, do you think that certain materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should be removed from the shelves if found objectionable? I honestly don't think this is necessary as not everyone @MONTH1 finds this material offensive. If several people find a book or something objectionable, don't read or follow it, don't take things from people they like. I think if someone finds a topic interesting and someone finds it objectionable then they should keep the material and people who don't like it just need to get over it. Either way, I don't think they should remove this material unless everyone agrees it's offensive. It's not fair to everyone else who likes the subject, just because some people find it offensive. Now, if a public facing magazine is racist or something like that then maybe consider removing it, but other than that I see no reason for you to remove something that some people @MONTH1 liked. Say I like a movie, book, or magazine about hunting and people find it offensive to kill animals for fun or food. Just because that person doesn't like something doesn't mean they should take it away from everyone else. That's just a perspective on things, you can't always get what you want, so just deal with it. Well, these are my thoughts, should you remove material that some people find objectionable. My last comment is if you don't like the material and it offends you don't read it or have anything to do with it. Other than that, you shouldn't take material from people unless everyone agrees. Sincerely, @PERSON2
Many @CAPS1 have different opinions on what is appropriate and what is not. It depends on one's beliefs and morals. Personally I don't think libraries should have any censorship. I think @CAPS1 should be free to choose what to read, watch or listen to. Everyone should be able to make decisions based on their beliefs. It also depends on a person's age and maturity. Some parents let their kids watch certain movies that other parents might not. Everyone's situation is different. It's hard to judge some material as some @CAPS1 may find it acceptable and others may not. There will be contradictions in almost everything because everyone has different standards for what is and is not acceptable, and those standards will conflict with each other. It's impossible to ensure that nothing in the library will offend @CAPS1. If someone finds something objectionable then they don't have to check it. I also think there are things that can be done to help quell arguments. For example, materials can be categorized by maturity level. That's what movie ratings are for. Materials should be organized and @CAPS1 can easily see if they are objectionable. For example, all children's movies and books can be put together so parents don't have to worry about their kids seeing or reading inappropriate things. @CAPS1 it should be obvious who finds it offensive and who doesn't @CAPS1 should have the personal freedom to decide for themselves. A library is a public place where anyone can go and see anything they want. Just because someone finds a book objectionable doesn't mean that no one should be allowed to read it. Having said that, certain things can be done so that @CAPS1 knows if something is objectionable.
How would you feel if you wrote a story about your life and someone found it offensive, so you took the book off the shelf? I feel like library censorship is becoming a controversial issue for the following reasons: deprivation of liberty is wrong, people have different opinions and perceptions, and some books, magazines or songs try to make people aware of the danger. An important aspect of why censorship is controversial: It robs us of our freedom of speech. At @LOCATION1, we have the right to speak up. If everything we read is censored, there is nothing left to read. @CAPS1 The liberties and liberties of citizens should not be taken away from things deemed inappropriate. Another reason I think censorship is wrong is; different people have completely different perspectives on things. One person might find a book about a victim of sexual assault offensive, while another might find it informative and helpful. No one can base censorship on a belief or idea because it will never be a belief or idea that everyone agrees with. The third reason censorship should not be enforced is; it removes awareness of the dangers of everyday life. Stories about people who have been kidnapped, or have had a car accident because the person driving was under the influence of drugs, can be a good thing. Despite some inappropriate claims to @MONTH1's story, it can be very influential and convince someone to make the right choice. If we examine stories about kidnappings, drug use, alcoholism, or people making bad choices, no one can read the stories about it and make the right choices instead of making the same mistakes that person made. @MONTH1 Stories or magazine articles that are seen as vulgar are despised, but they help make people aware, give people freedom of speech, and give them their opinion. Censorship in libraries and media should be abolished
I really believe they should be removable from the shelf. On the other hand, I don't think any racist should be on a library shelf. These days, teens want to be able to pick up a book that they can actually relate to, as do movies, music, and magazines. You can't help what people want to hear or like to read or watch. I really don't like robot movies or any of that crap, so I wouldn't choose to watch it. On the other hand, I don't think it should be removed from the library just because I don't like it. There are also things like @CAPS1 in @LOCATION1, which I don't think should be removed from shelving just because of the title. Family @CAPS2 is a really fun show, but also has a lot of bad language in it, but I don't think it should be removed because that's what people like to watch. Teens want to be able to read content that is relevant to them, but some of the content in the book can be objectionable. If they don't have anything to read, hardly anyone will. Not everyone listens to the same music, but @NUM1 year olds don't want to listen to Barney everywhere, they want to listen to music they like and think is cool, but on the other hand, everyone else @MONTH1 doesn't. Won't let you from books Picking something from a library shelf because it's not good is like saying you can't eat a certain food because it's not good for you. If people can't listen, read, or watch what they like, they get screwed up and very frustrated. I think people have a right to their opinion, although some may be quite stupid. Not everyone likes the same things and we shouldn't.
Based on my own observations, I don't believe that any material should be removed from the library. All students have the right to read/understand different subjects. Even if that includes some of them offensive. Some subjects may be considered offensive, such as the Holocaust. If we don't know what happened during that terrible time, it could happen again without us even knowing it happened before. But students can choose to read about the topic, or simply ignore it if they find it offensive. In conclusion, I do not believe that library materials should be censored or removed from the shelves. One needs to understand what is going on in this world in order to be a better, more educated, well-rounded person.
I do think there should be censorship not just in libraries but everywhere. Personally, I think the way the library holds books is appropriate, and if parents don't want their kids to go anywhere they don't know, please put your hands out. As for the parents, the parents know the times of interest to them, so the parents should go there
How would you feel if you found something objectionable at your local library? Many people disapprove of having objectionable material in their library. The library is open to anyone, and anyone can see the materials. Libraries should make sure they don't have anything nasty in their material before putting them on the shelf. Everyone has access to the library in your area and can view anything there. Much of what can be found in your library can be offensive; but how do people know what's offensive and what's not? Libraries shouldn't have that kind of accessibility. If they still have it in your library then it should have a warning or be on a high shelf. Libraries should know what they put on their shelves and know if it fits. In addition, children can use the public library. Most of the time, children will be accompanied by an adult, but sometimes they will pick up something before you stop them. If something is objectionable to a child's reach, they may grab it and see what's inside. Most libraries have a children's section where you can trust nothing objectionable. Not all children will go to the children's area, so there should be no objectionable material in the library, or at least where children can reach it. In the end, libraries choose what they put on their shelves, and they never know who will look at it. If there is objectionable material in their stuff, anyone can see it, and it might make some people think negatively. Some people are mature enough to see objectionable material, but some people can't. No shoes, it @MONTH1 reflects something negative, it @MONTH1 is causing problems. Therefore, there should be no out of date material in the library. In @CAPS1, libraries should not provide obnoxious material. If someone wants to see that kind of stuff, there are other ways to get that kind of material. It shouldn't be accessible in your library because everyone can see it and you don't know how it will affect them. If you will have unofficial material in your library, there should be an adult area where only those over the age of @NUM1 can enter. If anything is open to anyone, hopefully one day the library will eliminate them.
I believe if there are objectionable books, music, movies and magazines in the library. I think they should be off the shelf, @CAPS1 People shouldn't expect kids to read or watch stuff they shouldn't. Today I'm going to argue against the perception of library censorship. I think we should strive for what the library should have for our children to read. Objectionable material owned by the library should be placed in another area for seniors. Not suitable for children who go to the library. I asked the newspapers to help us fight for what libraries should have on the shelves for our young people and children. And what type of book should be part of the library kids on the shelf. We should have the right to take off books when it comes to children. And the right to place objectionable material for seniors who enjoy books, music, movies and magazines, but not for young children. What I want to say is that we should think about what our children should learn. What should they know as a young person. They shouldn't grow as fast as some people. We need to do better for our children. So they can do the same for themselves there and for the kids there.
If you walk into a store and see a book you don't like or a magazine you don't really care about, can you get rid of it? My answer is no, you shouldn't. You do not own the library's books, and you have no say in what is displayed in any store. You are a viewer and buyer of these suppliers, if you don't like it, don't buy or view it. When I was in 8th grade, I went on a church mission trip to @LOCATION2. I saw a lot of cool stuff there. This is one of the most popular places in @LOCATION1. When we're not working or serving others, we walk around shopping. There are a lot of people in the city, and it's always crowded. Having said that, there were a lot of different stores and I think there were some at the time that I thought were very inappropriate for my age level. My entire team walked into a store that we really didn't belong to, and we didn't even know what kind of store it was. Our behavior was simply nodding to the cashier and walking out to continue our day of shopping. We have not removed any books, pictures or even magazines from this store. The reason is, that's their store and we don't have permission to delete anything. After we left there, other people walked into that store and liked what they saw, if we removed the ones they wouldn't see they liked. It's like someone took something from my favorite store, which means I'll never see it, and I don't want that. If you walk into a store and see something you don't like, you shouldn't try to get rid of that thing. Whether you want your kids to see it or not, you can't. Venture yourself into a store and see what they have in store for you. You can browse or buy some stuff there if you want too. Every store should have something of its own, and something that you find offensive that other people might like. It's also the opposite of what other people think you might like to be offensive. It's all one big chain with many loops. So let's say you do take that piece of material off the shelf or monitor. Now that material is gone because you think it's offensive. Suppose another person walks into a store and takes something they find objectionable off the shelf. There are two things that are on hold right now, but you really like what they took off the shelf and you're uncomfortable with them taking it off. If allowed, this will cause a lot of conflicts and events in the future. One likes and one doesn't. If you don't like what you see in the store, then you shouldn't walk in, or you should ignore the things that offend you. These are some of my thoughts on this category. I believe you shouldn't be able to take an item off the shelf and terminate the product in another store. Always be aware of what you're getting yourself into and know the consequences of the decisions you make. This can lead to massive job losses, as well as a lot of conflict between shoppers and viewers like you. I hope you take this into consideration and understand the reasons I'm talking about
Libraries are very educational. They offer books, movies, magazines, music and computers so you can find what you're looking for. I don't think the library includes anything objectionable. If anyone sees anything against them in the library then they should talk to the people who work there and see if they can find a solution. It shouldn't be removed because not everyone @MONTH1 finds it offensive. I've been to a lot of libraries in my life, and personally, all the books are great and the things you do there are great. I actually gained a lot of knowledge in the libraries I went to because I found so many amazing books. Never, ever, have I encountered something that offended me or anyone else. Everyone is different, we all see things differently, we are all unique. If the library does have something that's offensive to everyone, then maybe it should be removed, but like I said before, if it's not offensive to everyone, then it shouldn't. I personally think the library has so many unique things that if something offends people then I understand why everyone wants it removed. If someone came to me and said 'hey, I don't think this kind of music is really suitable for younger kids' I'd say, 'Well, @MONTH1 is true, but some kids do listen to that kind of music, it wouldn't be fair delete it just because one doesn't like it. Now, in my experience, there's a lot of stuff that people find objectionable, but personally I think it's going to be outside the library
Absolutely not, they @MONTH1 offended some but not all. Everyone will be projected onto objectionable material at some point in their life, so they have no real reason to censor the material. The material is meant to entertain someone, and some is entertained by objectionable material. Honestly, I don't think anything in the library is so objectionable that it needs to be taken out. If any material offends you, you don't have to admit it, you can always look at a different material. If you review the material, then you will be against the First Amendment, @CAPS1 of @CAPS2. Everyone finds certain material offensive and asks for it to be taken down or reviewed, what happens when every book is flagged as offensive? We don't have books, that's all. Books are where the author writes his thoughts and creates a plot, some people will find his thoughts offensive, but not all will. Whether people find it offensive or not, people still love these books. Anyone can create material and share their thoughts, which can still be objectionable, but that's okay because we have @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 who can say whatever we want and won't be sued by it. If you ban any type of material, you sue the voice of the creator's opinion, then all you are doing is denying the @NUM1 amendment and being a hypocrite. Censorship of music and movies is also wrong. When you review movies and music, you also review their thoughts. Music is an expression of life, and censorship is like censorship of emotion. Censorship of movies, music, and books simply prohibits cultural expansion. All I'm saying is that censorship is destroying America and hurting our cultural progress.
Have you been to the library but didn't see the books or magazines on the shelves? Well, if the library tries to take all the offensive books and magazines, there's nothing to read there. If you pick up a book or magazine and you think it offends you, don't read it, find one that knows. In this article, you'll learn how movies are objectionable, and how librarians shouldn't empty their bookshelves, as well as my beliefs against the topic. Movies, books, magazines and music can be objectionable. If you think about it, but if you're offended, don't read, listen, or watch it. You just have to pick up a new book. Now the question is, what if it's the best book or movie? If so, look at it, but only know your own options. If you really want to get those books, movies, etc off the shelf, take a book that really offends you and give it to the manager for him/her to read, or you read part of it to them. If he/she doesn't think there is a problem, tell him/her to read it from your perspective and think about it. It will offend you to ask him/her if he/she wants a stack of books etc after you are done. That's when you start stacking up in front of him/her. On the other hand, the library If you are bombarded by people who come in and say this book offends me, I can't believe this on your shelf, what if a kid gets this...! Manager or owner, if you let people come in and tell you to read the book, watch this movie . What do you do? In my opinion, I might read or watch the first two or three, but then I'll start playing it and agree to let them out of your office. Now you have to think about it, if all these people keep coming here and saying these books, movies, etc. are offensive, then you really have to do something about it. If you take the book from the library, then you lose the sale. I've been to a library where everything is sorted so people know what they're seeing there before they start reading, which I think is what all libraries should do instead of just putting them on the shelf . My take on this topic is that you walk into a library and you know what's in the library, books! Now, if you go out there and see a book or a movie that a lot of people complain about, then I see them working their way out of it. But if you're the only one, then I highly doubt they'll make a special effort to get rid of it. You must also think that the authors of this book did not write this book to offend you, they did not single you out. If it's so bad that you can't read or watch it without something letting you down, take it back and get a new one. If that book or movie is their bestseller, they don't ruin it because of one. So if you go to the library to read a book or a movie and don't know what it is, I don't blame them for not doing anything, it's your choice not theirs. There are many different aspects to this article, which is good in a way because it's not just a single topic. But if you keep nagging your manager to take that book or movie out of there and they still won't, go to another library. Maybe that library wouldn't have as many books, movies, magazines, etc. to be offended, and if they did, they might be cool with the situation and try to work things out for the benefit of both of you. So if you read this article and were offended by it, sorry, just expressing a personal opinion and trying to get you to solve your problem. thanks for reading
What are we hiding? Is personal performance really that bad? Questions like these come to mind when the topic of library censorship comes up. In my personal opinion, I think banning artwork from libraries is the same as destroying @CAPS1 who created them. Generally speaking, censorship is a way of hiding reality and whitewashing the struggle of life itself. You cannot learn unless you have the opportunity to face the problems of society and the world. By banning certain works, the world destroys the opportunity to expand everyone's knowledge. With the removal of materials such as books and music, libraries destroy time and hearts that creators trust. While most people use these materials strictly for entertainment, writers and musicians create them to express themselves, to express their pain and struggles. It can even be said that such expression is therapeutic for these particular individuals. How would you react if your art form was deemed unsuitable for a public audience? Will you be injured and taken back? Many artists may feel they have been placed in a state of recluse and hatred. With the creation of art, there is always a deeper meaning behind it. The big question in my eyes is, '@CAPS1 thinks this material is not suitable for a library'? What's wrong with a particular material, we have to take it out of everyone's hands? At the speed of our world today, in the next fifty years, they will no longer have individualism. If people aren't even allowed to listen to certain types of music, sooner or later people won't be able to wear certain types of clothing or even dye their hair a different color. Humans' greatest gift is their ability to be different. If our society can't even deal with freedom of expression through art, how can it deal with any other kind? Libraries are created as places to expand knowledge. Can anyone learn if the material is censored? Everyone has their own way of thinking and interpreting the subject. A book that is seen as one's entertainment and a break to read @MONTH1 is exactly what sparks a world-changing idea in another's mind. A person's greatest ideas come entirely from the knowledge they have accumulated throughout their lives, as well as their interests. If certain art forms are censored, individuals will never find that form of interest in certain subjects. Everyone will be strictly forced to believe and learn the same things, confining the world to the magical ideas one can form using the information gleaned from the censored art. In a discussion-based course I attended earlier, we read an article discussing @ORGANIZATION1's decision to ban any information related to the loss of @CAPS2 @CAPS3, and what their society is doing when they try to fully inherit @LOCATION1 Thing. By thinking like this, you are not only acquiring knowledge, but also planting lies in the minds of the next generation. In the specific case of @ORGANIZATION1, it created hatred and wrong feelings towards @CAPS4 in the eyes of the kids. How can a person specifically influence a child's beliefs based on their personal selfish beliefs that @CAPS1 is only @NUM1 or @NUM2 years old? By censorship, we are destroying the truth and knowledge that everyone deserves if they are determined to find it. The biggest thing about censorship is that it masks reality. Does the library think if they don't publicly display a controlling theme that no one will know about? Knowledge is all around us. No one needs a book to tell you that our world is not perfect. As far as we know, a censored book can save millions of lives. I cannot fully understand the concept of hiding material from the public. There will soon be an era when expressions are completely censored. If we're going to get rid of art, should we also get rid of people? I can relate review books to reviewers based on my own personal experience. A teacher once told me that I would never make my career because I had a piercing. Opinions like these can kill one's dreams. I've known since the age of 7 that I wanted to be a lawyer and have been working to improve my education according to my goals. How do you tell someone they are not good enough based on your specific beliefs? There will always be things in the world that you don't like. Each library @MONTH1 decided to review different types of art from their respective locations. In the end the world will have no art, because the few who chose it are not for everyone. I can almost guarantee that most people have had a worse experience than was covered up. The world cannot be sugar-coated or portrayed as perfect because that is not life. Everyone struggles at some point, and the works of art that really get us through. Sometimes we connect with them, or in my case, arts like music make me feel better when I'm hurt. Pain will always be there. Experiencing reality and struggle is why everyone @CAPS1. Library censorship doesn't hide anything from the public, it just destroys opportunities for growth. Censorship in libraries will destroy our world. No individual can say that the material is not suitable for the public because they are not the public. Everyone has their own perspective on life. By banning these works of art, you are banning individuality as a whole. If things like this continue, our planet will become mindless zombies with no personal opinion. Libraries will take knowledge from everyone and destroy many people's chances of success. There is no real way to hide reality from the world. Let people express their feelings through art and share them with the world. One person's struggle @MONTH1 saves another person and allows the ideal of the whole world to grow
A few years ago, a parent at my school complained to management about a book, @PERSON2, that her child was getting ready to read for his English class. She thought it was an inappropriate book for ninth graders. She is entitled to be a little nervous about the book, and when it was added to the loop, there were concerns within the school. The government ultimately decided to keep the book as part of the classroom because while the appropriateness of one of @MONTH1's scenarios was questioned, the rest of the book teaches lessons that are important to children, such as tolerance of other cultures, The importance of rights and mistakes, you have to correct what you did wrong. While I understand that parents don't want to expose their precious children to the rest of the world, I believe that exposure to a wide variety of materials is important because it helps people learn about different cultures and other ways of life. I once read a quote that said a long way, understanding leads to tolerance. We can't ban books and other media because we don't think they fit a situation. Being able to understand another person's culture or perspective @MONTH1 could one day solve problems in the world today, such as the @LOCATION1 crisis involving @CAPS1 and @CAPS2. I very much agree with Katherine Paterson that if we all take away books and other media that we don't like, we'll have nothing. A good example is the popular internet video site @CAPS3. Thousands of videos are listed on the site, and millions of people have watched them. On each video, there is a place to leave your feedback on whether you liked or disliked the video. Given all the varying views, opinions, and interests of the millions of people who have viewed the site, it's hard to find a video without at least one or two dislikes. If we all have the right to take videos we don't like off the site, then we have nothing to watch. Another reason we can't just remove objectionable stuff from our shelves is that the material we read can quickly become very boring if the author doesn't have a bit of a flair for rebellion and exposes new ideas. During the women's suffrage movement, men in this country found the idea of allowing women to vote offensive. Today, many years later, it is seen as commonplace and now a legal right for women to vote. It's an example of how a once-radical idea can now gain traction and improve people's lives. If we take these books off the shelf, we are hurting ourselves and making us ignorant. All books and media have value, whether they express the thoughts of one person or the thoughts of thousands. Our removal of materials from shelves is a risk to us personally and to society as a whole. I believe our nation's Founding Fathers knew what they were doing when they included freedom of speech in @CAPS4 @CAPS5 @CAPS6. If we remove books and other media from the literal and figurative shelves of our society, aren't we denying the authors, writers, singers, and publishers who make these works their free speech?
The old adage should never be used to judge a book's literal meaning on that particular topic by its cover. Every mind in the world is vastly different, just like every book. One person @MONTH1 finds a topic offensive, while another @MONTH1 sees it differently. However, in my personal opinion, books with "suggestive" references or language should be placed in a section marked mature, with content warnings clearly marked between pages. With over a billion different opinions around the world, why are only a few selected books that find the inappropriate ones removed? Everyone has their own life story and ups and downs. The journey of life can have bumps that can deeply frighten a person and change their life forever. While reading a book, one viewer @MONTH1 skimmed through a passage that swelled their minds with a horrific experience. Itâ€™s not right for one person to have to relive the trauma theyâ€™ve worked so hard to overcome, but for another person, reading about a situation similar to someoneâ€™s life journey may give them a greater understanding and understanding of the victim. pity. I don't believe that victims of abuse, no matter the degree, should read about the subject in what they consider to be casual reading. However, these books should not be taken off the shelves because people who have not experienced such struggles should be able to understand each other better. Books for more mature minds should be monitored and placed on shelves out of reach of children who cannot yet handle the subject. When I was very young, I chose a book that I thought was a ghost story. Halfway through I began to understand that the book was really about the rape of a young girl my age. As a sixth grader, I was terrified because I wasn't exposed to the dangers of the world and I wasn't mature enough to deal with it. For weeks I walked up and down the halls, afraid I might have the same fate as the girl in the story I read. Books with mature themes should be kept separate from books suitable for younger children, as descriptions in books @MONTH1 can leave children emotionally terrified. Clearly tagging the book with whatever "suggestive" is included by @MONTH1 will greatly help with this. If books clearly state that they contain offensive words, comments, or dire situations, the offended reader will be less likely to have a chance of grasping the material. If kids who are still developing maturity levels come across a book that mentions inappropriate topics, they will have a better understanding of what @MONTH1 will be looking at. Just press the label on a book stating that the problem can be found in the page and it will save the world a lot of damage. If books start taking off shelves because of objectionable topics, they won't have much to read. Everyone has a different perspective on the content of a story, just as each age group has a different understanding of the message the passage conveys. By monitoring and tagging books, bookworms will be able to quickly decide if the material they think they want to read is right for them. So, in conclusion, don't let those who like to travel in the imagination of books get away from the confusion of reading, but let them know exactly what they will see as they wander through the unknown pages of their new adventure.
Yes, I think libraries should remove certain materials from their shelves if they are found to offend someone. First of all, one does not go to the library to get angry. Also, if Liberians should know what fits in the library. Offensive items like those shouldn't even be in public places. A person doesn't go to the library to read something that offends them. People go to the library to read, study and enjoy quiet time. And those who go to the library for resources, shouldn't feel offended by a book, movie, or magazine because of what the author says in writing. People might get offended and stop going to the library. The Liberian is also responsible for the items he wants to display in his library. If a Liberian feels a book can be shown, he can show it, but if the book offends others, he should be asked to remove the book. If the book is helpful for learning, then Liberians should put it in a place where those who need it can ask for it. Something like this shouldn't even be released in the public domain. I think there should be a law that doesn't allow offensive literature, music, movies, etc... in the library. Now people can donate literary or entertainment items to the library, but I think people should make sure that what they donate can be displayed. So yes, I think objectionable material should be removed from the library. Because the library is where you go to read in peace and not be offended. The librarian should be in charge of what he or she wants to show. Finally something like this shouldn't even be in the public area
It seems that you can't always make everyone happy. Regardless, someone will be offended or upset about something. This applies to everything - including media. Whether it's a book, a movie, or a song, someone somewhere is going to be unhappy with it for some reason. While that's true, it certainly doesn't mean you can take the media away from people who love it. @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @LOCATION1 @LOCATION1 @CAPS3 @LOCATION1 That is, freedom of speech and freedom of the press is granted to all. Wouldn't taking "offensive" material off the shelf so explicitly and intently rob us of the rights we've been given? More than that, does sheltering the public and convincing us all that the world is a place free of prejudice, prejudice, or slander really helps our grand plans? Pretending that the world is perfect ensures that the descendants of the world will be destroyed by reality once they step out of the real world and realize that everything is imperfect, beautiful and just. When I was ninth grade in high school, I read "To @CAPS4 A @CAPS5" by @PERSON1. This book demonstrates the harsh prejudice that was prevalent in @LOCATION4 in the early years of @LOCATION1. This book is sure to be considered offensive by people living in @LOCATION1 in the South; it could be said that this book stereotypes people in @LOCATION4. It could also be said that the book is offensive because of the language it uses. African-@CAPS6 may be offended by explicit racist comments and names on the page. Nonetheless, "To @CAPS4 A @CAPS5" is considered a classic, praised and respected by @LOCATION1 and the rest of the world. I grew up reading @PERSON1's masterpiece - it gave me a good idea of where @LOCATION1 is and its progress in embracing other races. They say you learn from your mistakes. So we can learn from the mistakes of the media. We can grow as people who are offended or whose offensive material is brought to our attention. We can prevent history from repeating itself by being well-informed. Theology is a hugely controversial issue in all cultures. @CAPS9 or @CAPS10'ite, @LOCATION2, @CAPS11, @LOCATION3, @LOCATION5, @CAPS12. You walk into any bookstore and you can find a bible or book on atheism, or even "@ORGANIZATION1" focused on @CAPS13. You walk into any music store and you can find bands that attack religious ideas, but you can also find theistic worship bands or meditative music. Likewise, any movie theater or movie store you visit can offer anti-theistic or pro-theistic films. Taking these things off the shelves because a work might offend a group of people might limit others from exploring theological options and finding what works for them. It may limit one's exploration of interests. It is likely to affect a person's personal growth. In any case, it is unfair to keep away from another what might be considered offensive to another just for the sake of being nice and discreet. Banning certain works could harm social mobility. Prohibiting certain works may limit one's knowledge of the world around them or the history they may be inspired by, it may limit one's intellectual expansion, it may hinder one's exploration of interests or the search for who they really are or want to be. It's better to keep things as they are - free.
Do you think certain materials, such as books, movies, magazines, etc... should be taken down if found objectionable? Most people make books that are inappropriate or offensive, sometimes about people's lives or some of their experiences. But the problem is that many people are unrealistic, they don't think that it is human life and can be the future of more people. People sometimes like to be the best and can have problems with other people and it's likely they're happy it's a sad thing because it sucks and they can understand the purpose of doing things so badly that they go to jail, Here are some experiences people show, but others get it wrong. Well, that's their problem, they can do whatever they want. I know life is not easy, but thanks to these materials we can live a better life and defend ourselves. Also, I don't think they need to delete those books or magazines because it helps us live a better life, and in the future, they need to be there, if people find them offensive, don't go there or don't see those The material ignores them more people like those and think it will help them and me. I don't think they have bad material there, that inappropriate stuff, they can't have bad or nasty information where a lot of people go, not only adults but also children. This is even more inappropriate for children. People know what's going on there, and so do some other people. The world is sometimes dangerous and sometimes it helps us grow, which is a good thing, but we have to make choices if we want to read or have this information. I remember one time I read a book that was kind of sad but it helped me understand our life better and it was about two boys and it had a lot of bad words and said it well Very bad, and also explained the book, we learned a lot more about it. Here are some things that help us in our lives. One of the books, magazines, music, movies, etc. that we can write is our life, because we go through a lot of hard times, and that is the book we live in, maybe the inappropriate book in our life. People like me give tanks to those who share their experiences and help us at the same time
I think books, music, movies, magazines, etc. should stay loud on store and library shelves. We must ask ourselves these questions. Why are we taking them out of the library? When those books tell us about things that happened in the early days, like slavery, cars, etc., what do people read? Who wants to sit down and read other boring stuff? Why do we take books out of the library? We shouldn't take books off the shelf. We @MONTH1 have the right to delete these books, but why would we do it. It is taking away knowledge from our children. We take away a lot of things our kids should know, like slavery and celebrity. If we took most of our books out of the library, what would we read? We will have nothing to read except those things that are no longer important to us. You have to think about it, if we took all the books that didn't fit right off the library shelves, there would be no more books. Every book out there has something bad, so we have to take all but the kids books. Who would want to go to the library and want to sit there knowing they're going to read something uninteresting and boring? I can tell you who wants to do this. No one,'' it's stupid and pointless to do that unless you're old and then you @MONTH1 like it, but not everyone is old. Reading is fun for some kids, they want to read different things, but if we take books, they can't. Don't we need to get any books from the library? There is no reason to go to the library or even read books because there are no good books. We just took away what was very important to us @CAPS1, without these books we would have no history to study. Our kids need to read those books, even if we don't want them to. It was early days and they needed to understand all of this and what it was like when they didn't have what we're doing now. You can't take some fun stuff with you, so why take them
I recently read a letter by Katherine Paterson about library review. This is my opinion expressed in words about how I feel about the whole topic. I have been reading since the first grade. Honestly, I can't tell you @PERCENT1's name because...I just don't remember them. I guess it's because of my poor memory, but the truth is, they're just unattractive and hard to remember books. In every way, these books are a waste of my life. At the time, I thought I read them just because I didn't have anything better to do, which was horrible because you should read because you want to. I stopped reading around 7th grade because every book I picked up seemed utterly boring and needed the first hundred pages for something decent to actually happen. Fortunately, there is light at the end of this tunnel. Every now and then you come across a book that changes your life. Not literally, but that's how it felt at the time (that's how you should feel). These are the books I remember. There's something in these "life-changing" books that will be of interest to anyone who picks them up. Unfortunately, these things will be deemed inappropriate for a particular audience. For example, a book @MONTH1 talks about murder and is seen as extremely offensive by someone whose mother was murdered, while the same book may be seen as a work of art by someone who escaped a horrific death. Apparently it's gotten to the point where people will censor books or remove libraries altogether. I can't be idle any longer. Books all go through a long, long process before they hit the shelves. They need to be written, read and selected to be published. For some books, this can take years. Totally alienating these books is extremely unfair to the time invested in them. If you don't like these books, don't read them. It's that simple. If that's not enough for you, think of it this way: A book about child rape and struggling to overcome it can serve as an inspiration for rape victims. Alternatively, a book about the death of someone's parent can help a child in the same situation overcome grief. All books have a purpose and should remain firm on the shelves of your local bookstore, no matter what method they use. Even if they don't appeal to you, it can be a completely different experience for someone else on the other side of the world. Let these books serve their purpose.
What do you want your child to be exposed to? In my own opinion, I don't think @CAPS1 should be taken off the shelves because kids know which books are right for them and which aren't. This @CAPS2 why the library has @CAPS3 'kids' option away from 'adult' option. They know their boundaries and I don't think a librarian would let a kid check anything inappropriate. @CAPS2 A library is a place where all kinds of books are kept and anyone has the right to view them. Also, @CAPS3 is more than just a library, @CAPS1 can be seen or heard in schools, radio, TV and video games. They are more likely to see misconduct happening wherever you go. So it's your job as a parent @CAPS3 to keep your kids as far away as possible from the things you don't want them to see or hear. The only way kids can get access to this @CAPS2 if their parents are left unattended and irresponsible. One day your child will ask questions about the kind of things they hear or see from other students at school. Just be open and honest at the right time, but mature and clean. I know there are many young kids these days who are regularly exposed to violent video games, music about drugs, alcohol and sex. @CAPS1 really bothers me because when I'm their age, I don't even know what @CAPS1 means. When parents know that @CAPS1 has a hashtag on @CAPS1 saying "@CAPS10 @CAPS11", "@CAPS12" or "@NUM1", @CAPS1 is wrong to have them around. Every time I hear a kid talk about this awesome video game or the cool new song they heard on the radio about drugs, violence, etc., the kids keep getting younger. I don't understand why parents expose them to unnecessary stuff
Newspaper @CAPS1 Today I'm going to tell you my thoughts on offensive material libraries.Offensive material like books,magazines,music,movies are found in libraries for some people.But to other people, they can think its totally okay to have a public place. What is considered objectionable is just an opinion, and everyone sees things differently. The first thing I'll say on this topic is that these items shouldn't just be taken off the shelf and thrown away. Some people will find these items instructive, and they may associate it with the book that others will say offensive. If offensive material is really bothering some people, and the library gets a lot of complaints, they should have a section in the library dedicated to offensive books, movies, etc. That way people don't have to look at the offensive material. Another problem is that the library is a public place and they should have a variety of books, movies, etc. Because not everyone likes the same things. People have different interests and views on different things. So people should only like what they themselves might not like, because other people might really like that. Don't always think only of yourself and see the big picture. So I have some thoughts and feelings about my views on objectionable material in the library. I hope you understand the point I am trying to make.
Do you think something needs to be taken off the uncensored shelf for my kids to see? No, I really don't believe it, because libraries shouldn't have anything uncensored on their shelves that our kids might not see. The reason staff shouldn't let kids in that area without parents is uncensored books, magazines, movies, music, etc. But it's a known fault, because the media staff working in the library shouldn't let young children go to that area unless their guardian is with them. Unless they allow them to read books, movies, magazines, etc. in the area. Children should have some section of the library if they can get books from it that are not suitable for them. There are a lot of books that kids shouldn't read, but they can read without an adult's permission. Yes, some of their books, are not suitable for small and big children. Something like this is offensive to parents just to have them read something like this and parents want to know why and how kids learn it. Certain things should be posted about things that kids shouldn't see and do. Yes, I have the right to say something to the staff, have my kids read and see things they shouldn't. They know those things are not for them, so why would they let them see or do or see something like that. My conclusion is that I think certain things that shouldn't be are what they should be showing younger kids. It's not right for them to see such a thing. So that's why I'm writing this for newspapers arguing about what's right and letting them see uncensored stuff they shouldn't be seeing
Do you think certain books should be removed from the shelves because they are objectionable? In my opinion yes, because libraries are public, which means they are open to everyone. Kids might see a photo of @MONTH1 that doesn't suit them, people of different religions might hear foul language, which might give some libraries a bad image. I can understand this because I also hear things I'm not proud of, like foul language. It has an impact on me because when I hear it, I say it to them around people who are positive about my life. Of course, this can have a negative impact on the child. Children grow up to be as positive as possible, at least that's what their parents teach them, and if they get hooked on what they see, they try to imitate it. In my experience, it didn't turn out so well because my mother believed in physical discipline. However, if children are not taught these things have ill effects, they will have a hard time learning. That's why I want censorship at our local library. Also, people of different religions may find it offensive. We have different consumers coming in and out of the library every day, so when they enter the library, they should feel it is peaceful here, not the other way around. For example, a Muslim can walk into a library while others listen to only swear words while listening to music here. Now that person has the right to report the person who is listening to it, he can say that the library has no limits. Sometimes it's okay to want a book with some bad words, but the library needs to know their limitations. Then, the image of the library is not good, which is a big problem. When something doesn't look good sooner or later, it doesn't exist anymore. This means that consumers will stop going to that library, and one thing can lead to another. For example, when you leave the library, the people who work there want you to come back and tell others about their library. But if there are frequent problems there, they'll leave and tell their friends it's not a good library. Then the numbers add up, and at the end you strike out and it's gone. Now, if they don't get deleted, here's what might happen. Children will imitate what they see or hear, and complaints will be made at the library. If I'm in doubt about the limit level of the library, I stop going. If that library can't help it, at least politely label the parts of the library. This will make sure we know what we're going to see and read
I believe certain things, like books, movies, music, magazines, etc., should and should not be taken off the shelf. The reason I think they should stay on the shelf is because it might be of interest to some who read them. If people don't like them, or they think it's offensive, they shouldn't go to that library. I will not be offended by anything. When I browse the library, I see people being offended by something on their shelves. Reading content and they become offensive are completely different things. People who have read something and are offended by it should have a say in whether it's on the shelves or not. I think the reason some things shouldn't be on the shelf is because it might not fit. May be bad for human eyes. I think all libraries should contain the same. So no one is hyping what's on the shelves.
Yes, I think some books should be taken from all libraries. No child should look or say those words. Some books may offend some people when they don't know it. Parents need to watch what their children read and watch every day. Kids need to know why they shouldn't watch those shows or read those books. Maybe if parents would be there watching their kids, they would mind more than they did. Some books may offend people without them knowing. No kid should watch or read those books or movies. This is why I think these books should be taken out of all libraries
It is known that all kinds of information can be found in local book storage facilities, often called libraries. All kinds of knowledge are in this small field, but is some of this information good enough to appear in public? Many libraries @MONTH1 have books and magazines on their shelves, even music with explicit material, how do you avoid it? In the modern world, there are language and personal attributes that offend the elderly and public radio viewers. Yes, I agree that SME materials can and should be in different areas of mainstream materials, but in general, who cares? I mean, most ordinary people don't. I know I don't know. Censorship is stupid because most of the library's content, if you haven't heard of it, you'll soon know, no matter what censorship steps library officials take
I think libraries should have all types of books, music, movies and magazines. I believe that many people would not come to the library if the library had limited things. For example, if I wanted to buy a book for school and the library didn't have it, I wouldn't go, otherwise I would. A library should have a variety of books if not the focus of the library. Some books may be explicit for children to read. For music, I think the library should be limited. I think music should be limited because a lot of music has curses in it. I don't think everyone wants to hear that type of music in the library. I don't think one should be able to listen to music in the library because the library is supposed to be quiet. But people listening to this kind of music may also be disappointed. Some music may be harmful to some children's ears. For movies, I think they should limit the age of children. That is simply children should only watch children's movies. Teens should watch children's and teen movies aloud. Adults should be able to watch all movies. This is how it should work. For magazines, they should have all types of magazines. They should go from children to adults, but in different sections. For example, all children's magazines should be used alongside children's books. All adult magazines should be accompanied by adult reading books. Some magazines are explicit, but libraries should make sure that magazines stay in the adult section. Some books are offensive, but there are books and libraries that offer books. In my opinion, all types of books should be in the library. I've never experienced a book that's obnoxious or explicit. So if there's anything explicit, keep it in the adults-only section. Every book should be in the library
We've all listened to songs on the radio, beeping constantly for swear words, we've all watched @ORGANIZATION1 shows and movies. Books and magazines are censored the same way, either blocking offensive language or replacing letters with astrics. A lot of people think there's no harm in it and support it, while others think it's no big deal because in the end people still end up seeing bad things. If you're a writer, musician or director, wouldn't you want your work to be viewed and published the way you originally created it? Most people get angry when their work is edited. They want their work to be heard, and sometimes editing out disrespectful things can result in a message not being understood as clearly as those specific words. It can also result in the original information being left out entirely, and the work can end up meaning something completely different than what it was originally supposed to mean. Yet another question arises: If you're a parent, do you want your kids to see those inappropriate scenes in movies, or hear harsh words in music? Most people simply don't want that, and strongly encourage editing things their kids are too young to hear and understand. Ultimately, however, children will face these things. In short, censorship should be ignored. Children end up hearing bad words, seeing inappropriate things, and reading objectionable passages in books or magazines. Censored content can disrupt the original message that drew attention and anger many authors and musicians. There are so many harsh things in the world, it is impossible to edit them all
They're talking about thinking about a book that no one should take off the shelves. But if the author has the right to remove the book from the shelf - a job I hate, then everyone else should have the same right to remove the book from the shelf. But then there would be no books on their shelves for any of them to read. They thought they deserved some books that weren't considered objectionable. That's what they should do with those offensive books. If children are reading books that the author finds objectionable, they should get rid of them. Books that are considered offensive should not be read at all. Books deemed offensive are really bad for you. Offensive books shouldn't be anywhere you are. If you're going to read a book, don't buy an offensive book. Non-offensive books like @CAPS1, which are not very offensive. If books weren't offensive, people would read them regularly. If people read books a lot, then @CAPS1 doesn't have enough time for other things. We don't deserve offensive books that contain bad stuff. People deserve better and not objectionable books. We read books every day, but do we know if they are offensive. If we don't know that the book we're reading is objectionable, then we say things in the book that we shouldn't. If we directly say what is in an offensive book, we are in serious trouble. Getting in trouble can mean some serious punishment. When you are punished, it may cause you to lose a certain amount of @CAPS1. In conclusion, you know what you can and can't read. You also know how to deal with offensive books. Those non-offensive books can teach you something. You can also learn what happens when you say bad things from offensive books. And you might end up losing something with a certain amount of @CAPS1.
Books, music, etc. Basically made for people of that age. Like if that book contains some objectionable profanity, then they should ignore that book and move on to another book that is more suitable for that person instead of sparking controversy over one book. Some things will have labels on them, like parental guidance, to show that only people of a certain age can have them. In my experience, it's okay, but if it gets out of hand, I just leave it and go to the next thing. Although it probably won't help to move the books away from most people, as some people want to have that book they can't find anywhere else. The librarian could put that particular book in the senior section of the library and let the kids read in the younger section of the library. So hopefully this might help solve the problem of people liking books, music, magazines, etc.
Do you think any books and movies should be taken down? If so, then you should read my news paper. I don't think there are any books waiting for me to be taken off the shelf. Kids should read a lot of books etc, but you can tell your kids not to read them or take the books away from them if they start reading them. There are some books that kids shouldn't read, but only you can stop them from reading. They will always try to find what they want. So it won't do any good to take the book off the shelf because they will somehow find the book movie. The only way to do this is to keep your kids on their toes and let them do things you don't want them to do. All in all, taking books off the shelf doesn't help anyone, but try to keep your kids away from things you don't want them around
If I own or work in a library, I own books, music, movies, and magazines that are objectionable to many people. But I wouldn't have objectionable books, music, movies and magazines in the children's section of the library. But I would have them in the adult section. @CAPS5 Would you ask me to keep that type of book, music or movie? Well, because adults and older teens should be able to process and act like adults when they read, watch movies, and listen to music. If the type of book, movie or music is causing violence around town, then I will remove that item from the shelf completely. It's that simple. If parents are pissed and offended by these books, movies, and music, don't let your kids watch, read, or listen to them. Pick a children's book like @CAPS1 or @ORGANIZATION1, don't pick a book from @PERSON1. Have your child read a book with lots of pictures and colors. Watch @CAPS1 or @ORGANIZATION1 on @CAPS4 instead of @CAPS3. My question is, '@CAPS5 doesn't allow people to read and watch what they want, even if it's objectionable? @CAPS6 People love to watch scary and offensive movies or hear and sing music. Although we all live in one world, people live in different worlds. In my opinion, offensive books, music and movies should stay in the library. Only young children should not read, watch or listen to them
Books, music, movies, etc., removing from one's self because no one likes them and finding some of them objectionable doesn't mean getting rid of them. Many people like them and can use them for school research or curriculum topics. First of all, I know that some of the concerts my friends and I listen to disturb a lot of other people, which is obviously our choice for buying music, books or movies. We all have different ideas about what constitutes "good" music or film. I can understand why some people would want us to get rid of it because of foul language or racial slurs, but it's our money and our decision to buy it. A lot of teens take the music out of control, turn it up, let @LOCATION1 hear it, and say all the words and comments in the music, I can see why adults don't want us to buy it. Respect others, I think we can turn off the radio and not review movies and not be immature with books. Second, with all the research and learning we do in school, there is no point in doing our research without books or magazines. Now one day students can choose the subject they want to do, and if the subject they want to do is bad enough, then I'm pretty sure they have the material to find information on that subject. I do realize it can get out of hand with music, movies, magazines and books, but we know when to settle down and grow up. Teenagers who are immature about this shouldn't have all of these things. We just have to learn to use it respectfully. Just getting them off the shelf is not a good idea because some kids actually use them for school, believe it or not
Yes, because what if a @NUM1 year old could find a book that talks about his race in a bad way? Now, if a guy walks in and finds an objectionable book about his race, he @MONTH1 will take the shenanigans to the next level, like he @MONTH1 asking it to be taken off the shelf or Same as other things. If a woman walks in with her son or daughter and finds a sleazy book about sex, drugs, guns and knives. So yes, if a book or books are in a public library, an objectionable book should be taken off the shelves. The only reason these books should be taken off the shelf is if it's a public library where lots of kids and their parents can read, research, and do homework. Here's Why Public Libraries Should Take an Offensive Book From Their Shelves
I believe they need to keep everything and get more. They have a lot to learn from. The more information you have, the better. I think they need to put more magazines on the stand so you can get more information. You can't believe everything, and you can still find out a lot of facts about what you want to know. On the other hand, children should not be able to touch or see some of them. I can teach our children things they are not ready to learn. The truth is they need to get people watching this stuff so the kids don't get involved and we can still seduce and discover new things. Not everything should be hidden. The more you know, the more you can save the world.
If nothing is censored, I @CAPS1 want @CAPS4, but I'm fine, right? I was the kid who had no choice in this matter. @CAPS3 shouldn't I care what I'm forced to not see? I'm sure there are a lot of parents who don't follow the rules of censorship. Like buying a movie or game rated "@CAPS2" for their kids, their kids are @NUM1 years old, not @NUM2 years old, but @CAPS4 does matter if parents follow the law. I say vixen law because when @CAPS4 comes down to @CAPS4 parents have the right to tell/show things to their kids there, not the government. I don't think @CAPS5 has ever really had a choice in things that directly affect them, and I think we should. @CAPS5 must follow any rules until @NUM2 is : @CAPS3? I wish I knew @CAPS3, but I don't. Because @CAPS5 doesn't have any logical reason not to vote on factors that affect them. As far as I know, there may now be a law that would make my generation less powerful than the previous generation. I'm not saying it's true, I'm just saying it could happen. Video games, I admit they are my weakness, but I see no reason to censor games. When people say things like "@CAPS5 playing violent video games will make them murder". @CAPS4 frustrates me. There isn't a single thing to prove it. I know @CAPS5, they've been censored all their lives, they can't even handle @CAPS4 when they know about @CAPS4. It's so sad not being able to watch the news and understand what's going on in the world. Just because they've gotten away from all life there. I don't know how or where they got this censorship in the first place. Did their parents tell them @CAPS4 is bad and never watch/read @CAPS4? Where did they hear @CAPS4? I believe @CAPS4 came from the media @CAPS4 himself. I can see the headlines now, "@CAPS5 watching @CAPS6 movies got them murdered." Then they'll compare the number of @CAPS5 who watched @CAPS6 movies versus @CAPS5 who didn't watch @CAPS5 movies that turned into murders . What I'm really trying to say is that I try to keep other people's beliefs out of my mind and change my own. Even though my writing this @MONTH1 has caused someone to change the beleifs, I really @CAPS1 wish I didn't.
Do I believe certain books, movies, magazines or extensions should be removed because some people may find them offensive? No, I believe everyone should have the opportunity to see it and then just how people do it and think it's offensive. Someone might really like it, or a group of people might. Even if some people find an item objectionable, others may need it for things like school work. Suppose a library removes a human-trafficking book from the library because people find it objectionable. Then a local school had a program on human trafficking. Students go to the library to find some books about it. Now do something to others who don't like books that kids can't use for research. It's not fair to everyone to remove an object from a library just because other people find it objectionable. A library is a public place where everyone has the right to borrow things. So no, I don't believe libraries should remove books, movies, magazines or extensions because some other @MONTH1 find them offensive.
Twilight, @PERSON1, and even the @CAPS1 @CAPS2 series are books that many guardians do not allow their children to read because they believe what is true and what is not. Many of us know that magic, spells, and vampires aren't real, but others don't believe what's being taught to young readers. With different people, more variety, and different reading or viewing material, my personal view on censorship would be a very low tolerable bar. But in some cases I had to put my foot down and review things like sex and drugs because it wasn't for young kids to read at such a young age. My low tolerance for censorship is because different people like different things. If someone is an athlete, they may not find a very engaging book on cooking and cleaning. As if a cook wouldn't find a book about athletics too appealing. Just because one has a different belief or what their standard of attack is doesn't change my stance on censorship of certain articles. It's understandable for some people to have different beliefs, however, just because you don't believe it doesn't mean other people will be there to not believe it. Don't ruin it for anyone else who loves fun facts about guys @CAPS1 falling in love with ordinary @CAPS3 girls like you and me. Another reason I review at the library is because it will make my library more diverse. If there are 20 different @PERSON1 books on the shelf, many people will be able to look at them and view them at will. Also, if you don't know what type of book to look at, you can look around and find a mystery, drama, comedy or even horror book. Having a wide selection will keep guests coming back for more. I know that when my library has a series of books that I find interesting, I go back there after reading each one. Also it is important to have different reading or viewing material in the library as some books are now turned into movies which makes people more eager to finish the book in less than a week so they can watch it on weekends Movie. Most people say the movie will never be better than the original itself, but it's easier to read the book and then watch the movie to have an opinion, rather than just stop after reading the book. Now that you know my personal take on library censorship, you understand that not everyone is the same. That's why when schools talk about getting a uniform, many kids are against it, because any style of clothing you wear every day shows personality, like what type of books you read, also shows your personality. That's why my personal view on censorship would be a very low tolerable bar, as different people, more variety, and different reading or viewing material. Just because you @MONTH1 don't believe in magic or witchcraft doesn't mean you have to ruin it for someone else. So don't judge a book by its cover, and don't set high standards for library scrutiny.
I strongly disagree. I don't think material should be removed from the library. @CAPS1 All materials are part of the library, for the school and ourselves. All materials such as books, music, movies and magazines, CDs. Should not be removed from the library. I have my own reasons why material should not be removed from the shelf. Sometimes I can't find anything interesting to do, so I go to my little library at home and pick up any book I like. But when I don't like or can't find any interesting books at my house, I go to the library to find some interesting books. But when the library or school has objectionable books, magazines, movies, etc, I think objection should be removed from the library, @CAPS1 is not good for kids, like when they want to read a book , like cartoons or animal books, but they can't find what they want and they get angry. Parents get angry if they need to find some information about a book, or they just want to read and find something objectionable, not all parents are right, but some parents get angry. They may not come back. I've never experienced anything like this in my life @CAPS1 at my school and the library I went to they didn't have anything offensive or inappropriate. That's why respect for people in libraries and schools, @CAPS1 they respect us too. That's why I never go where I don't know. Suppose I go to a library that I don't know about and I take my parents and my brother to the right library that has objectionable material, my parents will be pissed at me and they will Said if I didn't have respect I would take my brother to an illegal place and they would get mad at me saying I took my family to an offensive place instead of my foul. These are my opinions, why
No, I don't think books, magazines, movies and music should be removed. However, I do think that books, magazines, movies and music should be monitored by age. The reason is that young children should not read, listen to or watch material suitable for adults or teens. They can monitor these types of things through their child's library card. The card can have their name, age, rank and date of birth. If there are certain books, magazines, movies, and music that children want their parents to accompany, they must be with them. Parents will need to show identification so the librarian knows they are of age. Teens should also be monitored. Events though they are almost adults. Some parents @MONTH1 disagree with certain materials. So, if their parents don't want them to read something, they should put a sticker on the card. Although there are many opinions about what children are reading, watching or listening to, I think there should be some way of seeing what children are reading, watching or listening to
Picture yourself walking through the library with your child. Now think about how hard you are trying to teach your children respect and manners. Imagine all these values blown away when they read a bad magazine or listen to an explicit song. I agree with the censorship in libraries today. Most people want to know where their kids are learning swearing or sex and don't think the media is the problem. The library continues to keep the children's section free of explicit material and is careful not to put magazines like "@CAPS1" on the shelves. Explicit material should be removed if found offensive. I've seen objectionable material fall into the wrong hands, like children. That childish innocence disappears when they hear songs about money, sex, and abuse. Some books may give them the wrong idea and encourage them to make illegal decisions. An example is a teen pregnancy book. The idea in the book is to either keep the baby and deal with the consequences, or abort the baby and move on with life. Some media say abortion is simply because it's easier. Do you want your child to react before thinking? In conclusion, censorship should be kept in the library. It helps everyone not worry at all about what their kids are doing wrong, or how they're holding onto the wrong idea. Please help us promote censorship in libraries for a more respectful environment.
I feel like we now let kids do whatever they want. We make them think we don't care what they're involved in, but it doesn't. We need to set boundaries for what children should and should not do. We need to show them that we know what they are doing. I think libraries should have an age policy. If any books contain adult content of any kind, they should be in the adult section. You must be at least 18 years old if you want to view books, movies or magazines in this section. If it's too much to ask, then you should at least get parents to sign a centralized form. Books, movies and magazines with adult content of any kind can cause harm to children, whether through their actions or actions. @MONTH1 affects their lives depending on how old they were introduced to this kind of thing. We need to show them that we care. I know from personal experience that being exposed to this changes people dramatically, not over time, but quickly. Today, the media keeps promoting money, alcohol, fame, and drugs as good things. That's what we've got in movies, books, and magazines, and the kids of the @CAPS1 mind. We told them it was okay, but it certainly wasn't. These are all reasons why we should scrutinize and restrict libraries. We let the kids of @CAPS2 grow fast and learn things early. In a way we are brainwashing them into how to live a destructive life through adult oriented things
The media is destroying our youth! This is what we hear every day. Teachers tell us this, and parents and grandparents tell us how different their world used to be. They explain how the media of their day was less open to sex and violence. They go on to say they don't have violent video games to teach kids that it's okay to kill. Because of these people, we hold the media responsible for the mistakes of the @DATE1 world. The truth is, it's not the media's fault, it's the parents' fault. Parents are responsible for teaching the world to distinguish right from wrong. If these parents do their job correctly, the youngsters of @DATE1 won't need to censor everything. I firmly believe they should not be subject to any scrutiny. When they are censored, people can govern what we learn, destroy what goes against their beliefs, and destroy our God-given freedom of speech censorship will destroy the knowledge available to @DATE1. In our history, we have seen censorship. When we look back, we see @ORGANIZATION1 censoring and destroying anything against them. We hate it when they burn books and destroy customs, art and music that the government deems inappropriate for their people. If we did, how would we be different. We may disrupt someone's way of life. We will destroy what could become tomorrow's masterpiece. In the review, we will destroy history. By destroying history, we will destroy the brilliance that is being learned. If we allow censorship, anything that goes against our personal beliefs will be destroyed. If you ask any Christians if they allow their children to read the book of the Muslim faith @LOCATION1 they will tell you no. Same if you ask a Muslim if they let their kids read @CAPS1. The point is, if they are cansorship, we will destroy other people's beliefs. No one has the right to rule the beliefs of the rest of the world. Also in censorship, we will eliminate our freedom of speech and freedom to express ourselves. If we don't allow people to read what other people have written because we think it's wrong, then we deprive them of the ability to learn new ideas because everyone has different opinions and theories. Every newspaper closes because they all say the same thing. No one wants to read them because they already know what they're going to say. When we start giving up rights like freedom of speech, we won't be able to prevent those who get them from getting more. Of course, they will always be things in media, books, and music that we don't like. They cursed, exposed and violent wherever we went. It's not because we want it to be there, but because these things are part of life. They are the dark parts we don't want to see. Don't watch if you don't want to. Just don't close other people's eyes because you don't like what you see. Our studies, our beliefs, and our freedom of speech are too important to give up censorship. We cannot let others dictate what is right for us in this matter. Our media is so intertwined with our lives. Who is right determines what is right for our lives. If we start giving up these little freedoms, those who take them from us won't stop. They will continue to take away the liberties we have until we become dictators
Censorship of the library shouldn't be a big deal. Some materials in the library have been found to be offensive to some people. To fix this, nothing should be censored. Why can't those who find it objectionable avoid it? I believe reading it or not should be a person's choice and if they find it objectionable they should simply put it down. The book 'To @CAPS1 a @CAPS2' offended a lot of people. I have read it and am not offended. I found it very interesting and educational. Many felt that the book should be censored. But if it was censored, the story would change completely, it wouldn't be the same. I'm not going to learn anything other than how people lived in the history of @LOCATION1. If all books and magazines that offended one person were taken off the shelves, and all books that offended another were taken off the shelf, what would be left? Little kids books about kittens? Mmmm this is cute. I am very against censorship. I believe that if a material offends you, then you should not read or listen to it. but don't ruin it for the rest of us
A library is a place of learning, discovery, and knowledge, available to anyone willing to spend their time engrossed in rows and rows of information. Including children's books, teen fiction, @ORGANIZATION1, @PERSON2, music and movies, the library provides us with tons of opportunities to discover things we didn't know before. Although, there are other things in the library. While searching for other content, you may stumble across books that include racial slurs, pornography, and offensive religious commentary. Parents need not worry that their children will see books or magazines that contain such I think objectionable books, music, movies and magazines should be removed from our library shelves. What I'm trying to say is that I have an extreme problem with books that contain comments, comments, or references to the names of people of a certain race. Imagine if a @CAPS1 @CAPS2 lady walked into the library with her NUM1 year old daughter looking for information about school programs. Instead of finding @PERSON1's date of birth, she found a book making fun of @CAPS1 @CAPS4 and calling them inappropriate names. Children should not encounter such discoveries in public facilities, where fun and interesting facts should be found; not racial slurs. This type of event can cause serious emotional and mental damage to a child. That's why these types of things should be taken off the shelves immediately! Another problem I have is finding sexual content in the library. I do know of a few books that contain some kind of pornography, but I'm talking about a novel that describes sex scenes in extreme detail, or an image of an almost naked woman on the cover. If someone is looking for these kinds of books, they can go to a sex shop somewhere nearby and get the pleasure of reading. However, this type of book should not be found in libraries. It makes our society look bad and pollutes our intellectual places. Finally, I would like to express my feelings about finding offensive religious comments in the library. Everyone in @LOCATION1 has the right to choose their religion. They @MONTH1 practice it freely, sadly others in different countries don't. If we have uncommon rights like freedom of religion, then why do we have books in our library that make rude comments about different religions. @CAPS5 A woman shouldn't go to the library and see a book that says her religion is wasteful and stupid. This is not true and should not be in our library! As much as I feel about inappropriate books, I know there must be some kind of restriction when it comes to censorship. Many people worry that once we start taking certain books from libraries, more and more books will be taken from the public until almost all of our libraries are empty. Yes, this can happen if we do not review within a certain range. This is not what I want to happen. I just want people in this community to stop and think about what is easily available to our kids. As parents, we can at least take books, movies, magazines and music that contain racial slurs, pornography and offensive religious commentary out of the library
Two of the many privileges we have @CAPS1 are freedom of speech and freedom of expression. While some of @MONTH1's work is considered offensive or inappropriate, I believe they should still be open to the public. Some may agree with the subject expressed, even if it is offensive or inappropriate, while others @MONTH1 disagree; but they should not be removed from the library because of their negativity. Such offensive or harsh literature can even be used to show the public what is considered rude, offensive or inappropriate and should be viewed as a learning tool, not banned. Everyone has the right to have an opinion and others @MONTH1 or @MONTH1 disagree with what that person said, but that doesn't change the fact that they have the right to believe. Katherine Paterson said: "All of us can think of a book that we wish our children or any other children did not escape from themselves". I myself have read literature that is considered offensive, but as disturbing as literature is, I am glad I am educated about what people consider acceptable behavior, so I know and can teach others, despite the book but we now know it's describing how people shouldn't live their lives. I think it would be a serious mistake to remove this material from the public eye, as many people are dismissive of the historical beliefs that affect other people in our country and the rest of the globe. All of these books are educational, although some are harsh and should be used to illustrate what is right and what is wrong. If they're off the shelves in the library, people, especially kids, may start to think that an idea, @MONTH1, is incorrect or objectionable, totally appropriate and acceptable. As someone once said, '@CAPS2 without knowing its own history is bound to repeat it'. By deleting the question, we will create another question. For example, many books on history express hatred and discrimination against other cultures, races, religions and ways of life. If @CAPS2 literature were banned and not made available to the public, a lot of people wouldn't know that it's wrong to show hatred towards others just because they're different from you. This type of literature provides useful information: it shows how a lot of people thought life should be a few years ago, and they tell the folks at @DATE1 that people shouldn't actually live that way.
Libraries are known as places where people can go to find material on almost any subject they want to know about, whether that material is books, movies, or magazines. Anyone can use the library, and it's an invaluable resource for many. So why do some libraries insist on removing valuable material from their shelves? Library censorship has been the focus of many news stories over the past few years. In almost all cases, library patrons were outraged that certain materials were deemed inappropriate for the library. I have to say I agree with them. People have the right to choose what books they want to read, what movies they want to watch, and what music they want to listen to. People have opinions; people disagree. What one likes, the other might hate. But just because one person dislikes or is offended by material on a library shelf doesn't mean that all other patrons should be denied access to that material. I feel that if a resource is checked out by only one person, and one person is able to learn from or enjoy the resource, then the library has served its purpose and helped the community by providing that material. All in all, library censorship is limited and flawed. It creates barriers for those who want to learn and deprives people of their freedom to make decisions for themselves. Everyone should be able to decide whether to pick up library material, and censorship makes that impossible
Katherine Paterson said, "All of us can think of a book that we hope our kids or any other kids don't take off the shelf," @CAPS1 I agree. I feel like some of the books in our @ORGANIZATION1 library today shouldn't be there. Offensive books, music, movies and magazines can have the wrong influence on students and young children, affecting their lives or the environment around them. Now, kids sometimes see what they do, so if books, music, movies, and magazines make them think what they say or do is cool, chances are kids will. When I play in the @CAPS2 community, @CAPS2 observes them following each other. Movies, books, music, and magazines play a big role in how they behave as they play with tags and hidden searches. @CAPS2's own experience with offensive books is that some are produced by @PERSON3. In these books they use the curel language, use the wonmen's body parts as symbols and more rude stuff. Miss @CAPS2 stumbled across one of the books, and when she asked me, it was hard for me to explain to her that it was not a book for a child her age, so the best thing for me to say is that it was a book adult book. Let her get any images from her mind that I don't think she should have. Another experience I saw was @CAPS2 little cousin @PERSON2. He's reading a magazine in @ORGANIZATION1's library. The magazine offended the winner. It was a Playboy Rabbit magazine. Now don't know if you've heard of these magazines, but I think it's very wrong that they use women's bodies to show men. I also don't think those types of magazines should be in the @ORGANIZATION1 library. I believe it makes kids, mainly young people, have the wrong idea about wonmen. @CAPS2 The general idea about library reviews is that not everyone will feel the same way I do. Some parents allow their children to read, listen and watch whatever they want. I'm here to say that I don't feel like this is the way to do things because it can influence your child to do inappropriate things. I hope you take the @CAPS2 hands-on experience to help your kids read, listen and watch age-appropriate books, music, movies and magazines
Do I think certain materials such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc. should be removed from the library, no, because people may need to know about certain information, certain courses are taught in different sources, all sources are liabilities . Now, you just need some information @MONTH1, and in these resources, there are countless lessons to learn. For example, if going to the library requires a book on religion, I need a book or a movie to teach me about that particular topic, or even sex I need a magazine or mobile viewing to learn new information. Different aspects have different lessons. For example, some people learn about movies, music, and magazines by example. If I'm looking for sources for music theory, I might need one of these to get what I need. In the end, these things are liabilities. Don't get me wrong, it's like we need them every day, but in a sense, we do need them. We use search engines every day. So what do you think. In conclusion, I believe we need these resources because someone @MONTH1 needs certain information, has different lessons on different things, and in the end all resources are responsible
Having the right to take a book off the shelf is not a good thing. My take on this issue is that if this starts, there will only be empty shelves in libraries across the country. Once you start moving books, there's almost nothing left. We use books every day, and for students, we use them to learn and to entertain in certain classes. Books can help us learn things like new words we've never heard of before, or some important points in history that we should know. Even adults, some of them like to read in their free time. I think it's wrong to take a book off the shelf just because a few people or a group of people don't think it's appropriate. If it's a library there should be a section for books that don't let kids in that section. They have a problem with the idea, what books should be in this part of the library? One way to get around this is to choose a national library service to build it up and have people vote on which books to remove or put in a special section of the national library. The idea is the same for everything found in the library. Another solution to this problem is that libraries across the country have another labeling system, such as the Dewey Decimal System, but use both. This new system could contain information such as what critics said about the book, or what happened in the book. This will give readers a better idea of what he'll be engrossed in over the next week or so. There should be a reason for the books, music, magazines found in the library. Sobodi writes or composes for a reason. So people like you and me can enjoy good stories in books, read notifications magazine ads and listen to good music
Libraries should not remove any material just because @MONTH1 was found offensive. Something that offends one person @MONTH1 doesn't offend another. If the material is so objectionable that it violates the law, it may not be published in the first place. People often feel offended if they read, see or hear content that goes against their personal views, morals or religious beliefs. But people need to learn to understand other people's different ideas and different values. Although people have different opinions, each opinion is equally important to that person. With so many media sources censored today, it is imperative to preserve a place where people can freely access material and express their opinions. As a student, I often had trouble finding meaningful literature in the school library because it was under such intense scrutiny. I'm not complaining about this because I know schools have to be careful about what they expose students to. But if I'm looking for something that might be more religious, pejorative, or less acceptable, it would be nice to have a public library where I can find that stuff. In the end, if people are unhappy with something on a library shelf, then they shouldn't be reading, watching, or listening to it. But don't censor everything so that those who like the material can no longer easily access them
I don't think books should be taken off the shelves because they are offensive. Some books that one person finds offensive may not offend another. People at @MONTH1 have the right to say a book is offensive if that's how they feel, but they don't have the right to deny others the right to read it. I understand that parents want to protect their children. Parents should talk to their children and explain to them why they don't want them to read that particular book. Parents may also just have their children read and explain why they disapprove. I feel the same way about censorship of music and movies. When I was twelve, I started listening to the music I liked, not the music my mother played. My mom worries about the lyrical content of the songs I'll listen to. She refused to buy me music or let me listen to it. I went to my friend's house, had explicit music listed, and watched movies rated @CAPS1. She can never really stop me because wherever I go, I speak that clear language. I think instead of trying to deny teens music, parents should explain why and let them decide. I think the review should be left to that child's parents. Sometimes, when parents try to pull their kids closer, they actually push them away. That's why I think it's very important for parents and children to always talk and be comfortable
Many people go to the library; such as children, parents and grandparents. I came to realize that their purpose in going to this community-loving place was to find peace and tranquility. Some people don't even go there to read books. They will enjoy listening to music, reading magazines, having a cup of coffee, or just surfing the Internet. Some people now consider some books, music and movies in libraries to be inappropriate or offensive, but does that mean libraries should throw them away? There is no reason why such objectionable material should be banned. First, the library will lose customers. Most people in the world really like to hear and sing or @CAPS1 & @CAPS2. It's hard to find music that doesn't have profanity or sexual innuendo. Even I listen to this type of stuff occasionally just to get a cool beat in my head. Plus, when you're listening to music in the library, you'll be wearing your headphones, which won't be a distraction to other people in or around the library. Second, customers who don't like the context of these materials don't have to get them. If a book has sex scenes or talks about drugs, don't read it. You can choose what books you want to read, and if that's not your style, there are plenty of other aisle and children's books to browse. Those interested in these topics should still be able to choose these books. I've been to my public library many times, and in all the time I've been there, I haven't even seen a book, music, or movie that looks unpleasant. So if you're someone who wants an offensive book, it needs a @CAPS3 lookup, not just a quick little scan. Finally, freedom. Isn't that what @CAPS4 is all about? Freedom of speech, freedom of religion, even what kind of movies you want to watch. I know this might be shocking, but the film has a label on the back saying if it's @CAPS5, @LOCATION1, @LOCATION1@NUM1, or @CAPS1. It also includes not-so-good stuff that will be in the movie. So you are completely free to buy (view) any of these rated movies. As I clearly explained before, you won't be forced to watch any more naughty movies, so just choose what you want and be happy. As you can see, there is absolutely no reason to remove offensive books, music or movies. These categories come in many different types and styles that won't bother anyone. Libraries lose customers, people don't have to choose something that doesn't quite fit, we @CAPS7 are free to do what we like, especially what we want to read, listen or watch. So save yourself some time and keep only a handful of so-called "offensive" material.
Many people consider certain books, music, movies and magazines offensive and should be removed from library shelves. Would you be a little frustrated if you had to work on a project that offended someone and there was no information about it? If you find something offensively interesting, you should be able to go to your local library and read a book, and if you like listening to offensive music, you should be able to turn on the radio and listen to it without worrying about it being picked up delete. Some are assigned to work on projects for their work or school. If the subject of your project offends a certain race or person, you'll want to have books or any other type of information on the shelves of your local library so you can research it. No one can get the job done if all objectionable books are pulled from library shelves. Some people find offensive topics interesting. For example, if someone finds @PERSON1 interesting, they @MONTH1 just want to do some research to learn more. If books and magazines on the subject disappear from the shelves, these people won't be able to learn more about the subject. There are a lot of people who think most of the music you hear on the radio today is offensive. If they got rid of all that music, there probably wouldn't be much music left to listen to, and a lot of people would be very pissed. Also, if they got rid of all these types of music, the writers of those songs wouldn't be able to make money and would be out of a job. I think those who find these things offensive should stay away from them and stop complaining. All who don't offend these things will be glad they didn't delete books, magazines, music, etc. I hope you consider not removing these types of things from the library and anywhere else
I think if there's a book, music @CAPS1, a movie or a magazine, we should have the right to take it off the shelf if it's offensive. I thought that because I have a baby girl and I don't want to see that kind of stuff. I don't want her to listen or watch movies or read anything offensive or vulgar. I know this is a free country and everyone has the right to have their own opinion. Libraries are paid for with taxpayer money, and if we take an attack on vulgar movies, books, music and magazines, they should be taken off the shelves. Kids can read or see or hear these vulgar things and think it's okay or cool to say or do them. They can see bad pictures, nudity, drugs and violence. They can see different types of drugs and learn about them. For example, there are pictures of weed, cocaine or pills in the book. Children can see these things and see violence. For example, they can see pictures of men beating women or children killing children, which is a bad example. We live in a world where people are influenced by what they read, watch and listen to. It is important that people know what their children are seeing. The library is where many people go to study. It's important to only allow people to view material that suits them
Entering @CAPS1, everyone has an opinion on what they should see on the shelf and what should be on the shelf for everyone to see, including kids of all ages. Some @MONTH1 agree that there should only be thnigs for everyone's age, others disagree. In my opinion, when I saw this topic, I thought there should be books for every age group, but there should also be a section for children. If parents are very concerned about what types of books their children are likely to see in the library, they can place them in the children's section to view these. There is no reason why the world cannot produce books of all types. When it comes to watching magazines, movies, and music, I still think the same about a certain aspect. There should be all kinds of music on the shelf because it's not like people can listen to it by checking out @CAPS2. But my opinion of magazines and movies may be different. Movies and magazines have a certain amount of inventory. I think they should all be out loud on the shelf, minus any pornography. I think so because kids shouldn't have that much influence on what they put on the library shelf. Parents just have to be in charge, see what their kids are watching and pay attention to them. But when it comes to pornography that shouldn't be exposed in public places like libraries. In any case, there are some places where lines can be drawn, which I think should be drawn in the library.
All libraries are bad because some people go to the library and go to the website that the kids find on the computer. People need computers to apply for jobs, and owners want to get a card. There is no reason for this in some ways. Of all children, children can learn from the library, they can work there if needed, and they can do so much that they can be there all week. From small children to adults, it is still possible to study at the @NUM1 Centre today. You can learn about your ancient or car accident or what is going on in the world. Like japaness or chin, you can do a lot of things from the library or the books there. It's up to the family to learn more about themselves in the library.
There are more than six billion people in the world. This means that all these different people have over 6 billion different personalities and opinions. It's nearly impossible to remove all aspects of media that might be considered offensive, because almost everyone is offended by something. Some media may be more aggressive than others, but this may be something the author is passionate about, and the author may be offended if his opinion is rejected. The Internet is now accessible almost everywhere in the world. Media that used to be only found on shelves can now be displayed online and can never be permanently removed from public view. It is illogical to think that simply removing material from libraries will prevent different groups of people from being offended by the media. There is a big difference between awareness and aggression. Some books and magazines may just be there to explain a culture and raise awareness of the subject. However, there is a clear line that extends to the offense that global authors can easily cross. Therefore, it is in the best interests of these authors to consider who they are writing about. It's important to avoid stereotypes, as these can be harmful. There is already a vast amount of objectionable literature in the world, and it is unreasonable to find all of them and limit them. If a person is offended by something someone wrote, they should avoid reading it. However, this does not give authors the power to target a certain group and specifically offend them in their writing. This is a very two-sided topic. It cannot be tightly controlled by censorship libraries; it is also in the hands of authors and readers around the world. Authors and media producers should consider others and work to raise awareness rather than offend others. In this regard, global readers should keep in mind why authors target them and avoid conflict by avoiding material. In a piece of literature, it is not right to target and offend a group of people in any way; however, this is a practice that has been done before, and simply removing material from the shelf does not prevent it from being exploited. The relevance of libraries in the world has seriously declined. All new technology hurts them, and it's unlikely they'll ever become more prominent than other resources (like the internet) again. With that in mind, how helpful are censorship libraries to the offended groups in the world? Most likely, they won't even notice the change. Everyone has the right to have an opinion and share it, but it's important to keep the feelings of others in mind as well. The world is full of different media accessible to many people, so writers and producers need to think outside the box before they hit the shelves.
What offends you? Seeing that your answer may be different from the person sitting next to you. There is so much objectionable material in the world. The world wouldn't be any different if we took all this objectionable material off the shelves. Nothing will be left because everyone has their own opinion on something and everyone has different inferences about what is offensive to them. I don't think objectionable material should be removed from the shelves. If we were to remove objectionable material from the shelves, everything would be off the shelves. Things always go wrong. @CAPS1 may be the way someone says it, or they're not the way @CAPS1 is. There is always one person in a group who has something negative to say. They either accept @CAPS1 the wrong way, or they just think @CAPS1 is wrong. Everyone has their own opinion on everything. The same goes for when someone asks you what offends you. Others @MONTH1 say what you find offensive is far from offensive to them. For example, my grandpa loves all types of music and his life revolves around it. My grandma didn't like some of his music because she said "@CAPS1 is not for me" which means she doesn't believe in some of the things the music is trying to convince people to do. My grandpa really didn't care about lyrics as much as my grandma because he didn't watch music that way. My grandpa liked a lot of music because of their rhythm and beat. They always disagreed about what music they wanted to hear because my grandma found something in the music that went against her beliefs, but my grandpa didn't. @CAPS1 doesn't affect him as much as she does. If you go around and ask people what offends them, they'll have many different answers, and you'll never be able to get @CAPS1 all down to one answer. Only a few people are offended by something, but most people find @CAPS1 different and it will almost ruin everyone's @CAPS1. Well that's pretty much all over because @CAPS1 was always the one who treated @CAPS1 the wrong way and had to feel offended. So I still don't think objectionable material should be taken off the shelves.
Personally, I don't think books, music, movies or magazines should be taken off the shelf because they are objectionable. However, I do believe there should be a way to protect developing teens from reading books that @MONTH1 offends them or introducing them to new concepts or ideas that @MONTH1 hinders their educational growth. Some kids who are not properly educated @MONTH1 on controversial topics (like drugs or alcohol) make bad decisions based on what he or she reads in books or web pages. To help address issues that offend children or prevent them from getting an education, I suggest that we create a book "rating" system. Similar to reviewing movies or video games, the system rates books so readers know which age group the book is suitable for, and explains what factors the book contains to rate it the way they do. As a newspaper company, you obviously know our @CAPS1 and @CAPS2. As @CAPS3, we have @CAPS2. One of them is freedom of speech and freedom of the press. Having said that, I don't think removing books marked "inappropriate" is a reasonable solution to the problem. I know, from personal experience, I get very angry when someone tries to take away the @CAPS2 I'm entitled to. Authors, editors, photographers, and publishers all go through a lot of hard work and long hours to get these books onto the shelves. By taking the book off the shelf, I believe this will suppress their @CAPS2 to @CAPS3. I know that if I were a writer and my book was taken off the shelf because someone found it "inappropriate" I would be very upset. Taking books off the shelves can lead to writers going on strike, protesting until their books are appreciated by anyone who wishes to read them. However, like I mentioned in the second paragraph, I do think it's a good idea to have a grading system for books that allows authors to express themselves fully and also allows readers to know the book without being affected What controversial content is based on the information they would have read without warning. I strongly recommend that you consider my proposal as it has the potential to prevent future conflicts between the author and the public.
Why @CAPS1 @CAPS2? Are there movies, music, magazines, books, etc. in our libraries today that some people consider offensive? A good chunk of people think so, some don't even care about @CAPS2. So should they be removed from the shelves of our public libraries or should they be able to stay? Kathryn Patterson released a statement, part of @CAPS2 saying: "But if I have the right to remove that book I hate from the shelf, then you have the exact same right, and so does everyone else. Then we There are no books left on the shelf for any of us. @CAPS3, I think some literature and magazines should be taken out of the library, because a lot of the content of the books is full of foul language, violence, sexiness, etc. For example, I remember one day I was with My sister went to the local library with her and she was looking for a Disney magazine with some provocative magazines on the shelf with half-naked women on the cover next to the children's magazines. To me it was an image of prostitution. Which parent Would you like your child to learn about sex at a very young age? Second, even the music that is put in the library today is not good clean music. A lot of music today is peddling sex, violence, and drugs. To this day, my father Keep telling me that music at the time was suitable for all ages. Music like hip hop and rap is the main source of all inappropriate content, but rappers and producers are not to blame because they just create what people want and sell stuff. Also, the movies rented from the library today are also very objectionable. They seem to contain the same material as books, magazines, and music. They all paint the same image that most people in today's society seem interesting. So can we What about finding something better to grab the attention of the audience that buys this material? In short, I do think this material should be taken off the shelves of public libraries. But I don't think @CAPS2 will do any good because people only Will find another source to get @CAPS2. Like Kathryn said, @CAPS2 if it's all cancelled there won't be any books left
I think libraries should use censorship to some extent. There are too many children who can be exposed to inappropriate materials in the library, but some of them can be useful. Once I borrowed a movie from the public library. When I got home and watched it with my mom, it turned out to be very inappropriate and offensive, not to mention embarrassing and embarrassing. My mom and I can't believe anyone of any age can watch an inappropriate movie like "@CAPS1". While some materials should not be placed in libraries, there are materials that may be considered objectionable by some but are placed in libraries for educational purposes. Some people think gay rights, abortion and teenage sex are offensive. @MONTH1 One of the things there are people who want to know more about school projects or issues in their personal lives. Someone @MONTH1 has a family member who thinks they are gay, a daughter has become sexually active, or a woman @MONTH1 is considering an abortion. Offensive to some, not offensive to others by @MONTH1. I think censorship should be used for some objectionable material. If it's educational, it @MONTH1 works for some people. There will never be a perfect answer to a question like this. As the world develops, so do human morals, and nothing is offensive to everyone in the world.
Have you ever been offended by a movie, book, song or magazine? Do you have the option to watch and/or read this item? The question people seem to be interested in is whether these objectionable items should be taken off the shelves. I don't think they should. I'm sure you can ask anyone if they've ever been offended by a movie, book, or magazine, and they'll give an example. I doubt they'll watch the movie again, if they do, it's obviously not bad. If anything offends you, please don't read or watch it. If you don't want your kids to watch something, don't let them watch it. You can make such a decision. No one is making you watch or read anything. I know I've watched a movie or two that I probably shouldn't. I've even read some books that aren't the best, but I choose to read them. No one is forcing me to act. Some of you @MONTH1 will ask, '@CAPS1 about being at school? If the teacher has assigned a book to read and your child is dissatisfied with it, read it with the teacher. Not only will they understand, but they may give your child a different book. They can even explain why he or she wants the book to be read by the class and why children need exposure to this type of literature. There will always be offensive books and movies. If you take out all the books in your library that have ever offended someone, you probably don't have much of a library. The shelf will be bare. You can choose to read or watch certain content. Do not watch if offended. Everyone has a different opinion on that book or movie. @MONTH1 will offend you, but for the next person this could be a really good show. I don't think offensive books, magazines, music or movies should be taken off the shelves.
The library has a huge collection of books, from comedy all the way to violence. Some people enjoy reading about war and violence, while others find it offensive. Regardless of what the book is about, people can choose to read it or not, so why should libraries have to remove some potentially objectionable books? They shouldn't! Everyone has a different perspective on ideas, and not everyone is the same. If all the books that offended someone were taken off the shelf, there would be no more books. People walk into the library and most of the time the books are labeled with them. They go to the part they like and pick a book, and usually don't go to the part they don't like. There's no reason to go to a section they don't like because they won't read a book from there because they don't like it. They just cause problems and bother those who like to read these kinds of books. People can choose to read or not, so as long as they are happy with what they have, why worry about what other people are reading. If a parent doesn't want their child to read a certain type of book, that's their business, but other parents may want their child to understand everything out there and develop their child's perspective on the subject. Everyone has different views and ideas. If everyone was the same, the world would be boring and there would be nothing to talk about. By reading different types of books and listening to different types of music, there is always something to talk about because not everyone knows the same topics. Reading a new book can even make one see the difference in the world. Kids are generally more open to different ideas than adults, so without books for kids to try and read, they'll never know what they like and don't like. A kid's favorite book @MONTH1 is not another kid's favorite book, or even an adult's, but that's normal, people are different. If everyone took away from themselves the books or music they deem objectionable, there wouldn't be much left on the shelf. Styles are the most objectionable, such as comedy and sad books. Most people who like comedy don't like sadness and vice versa because they take the other one off the shelf so they have nothing to read or listen to. Even with some of the best-selling books, people wonder why or how many sales, but that's what it is. People out there love this book, so if one person doesn't like this book, all of those people will never know what this book is about, @MONTH1 changed their lives. Books are very powerful in people's lives, and if they never read that book, their lives will never change. The world works because of differences, and the world is made better because of different ideas. It can't be the same for everyone, it just doesn't work. Libraries shouldn't take it down just because someone finds it offensive or doesn't like it. People can choose to read or not, and different perspectives and ideas help make things more interesting. And, if everyone took the books and music they didn't like off the shelf, there wouldn't be a lot of books and music left. So if you come across a book or music you don't like, ignore it and don't read or listen to it. In the long run, things will be much simpler.
Real life is rated @CAPS1, so why pretend it isn't? If libraries feel that if a book is too vivid, a movie is too violent or the music is too radical, then they can choose whether to remove it or not. Indeed, there is no point in trying to censor the lives of children and teens. Explicit content is not only ubiquitous in media and literature. The never-ending game of protecting this generation of teenagers and children is over. At this point in time, the main focus of a lot of movies, music and books is something violent, offensive, inappropriate or explicit. The idea of removing these things from library shelves makes no sense. Today's world will always be one of violence, crime, and excessive swearing and curse words. The exception is that some parents don't want their children to read, watch or listen to things they disapprove or disapprove of, but even if the child is protected and has a home in the world, sometimes the parent won't be there. Libraries are public spaces, and a certain percentage of viewers will feel upset, frustrated or angry if their favorite book, music or movie is no longer available due to censorship. @MONTH1 It seems that watching, reading or listening to violent or explicit content has an impact on the audience. Children and teens are exposed to this type of or explicit language in streets, schools, parks and more, so it is pointless to try to censor material when reading and viewing it. In my experience, I've grown up around people who grew up listening to violent music and watching graphic movies and more explicit material, but not affected. I watched my first rated @CAPS1 movie when I was nine, so parents can give their kids some age, but sometimes trying to censor anything is a waste of time. With schools now actively teaching their students about abstinence and STDs, students are more likely to do so despite what they see, read or hear in the movies. Any child exposed to the Internet can be exposed to all kinds of inappropriate material, explicit insecurities, poor language, profanity, and disturbing images. Real life is rated @CAPS1, so why pretend it isn't? Trying to stop explicitness and violence in the world is an endless battle. Some things about @MONTH1 are out of bounds, but others are just reenactments and previews of what's really going on in this world. Why would you stop the real world from keeping children and teens away? Movies have ratings and music @CAPS4 has clear content labels, so people should know what's right for them. The first swear words a child hears may not be in a song or movie, but somewhere in the real world.
There are a lot of books in the library that shouldn't be kept. From books about racism, violence or pornography, I don't want my kids to be able to take these types of books out of the library. A school library is a great way to help students with projects, papers, or just reading. If my kids are in elementary or even middle school, I simply don't want them to be able to check out a book about things they shouldn't even know. I wouldn't mind if my teens were still in high school though, because they're old enough to realize what's actually going on in the world. They may also be working on a project against the bugs of porn, where the library is a better place to find books than the internet which might take them to many bad sites. Since I went to my local high school, I thought it would be great to be able to find anything I needed in the school library. It makes working on projects much easier. The library also has a large collection of music, movies and magazines. If the library has educational music, why not put them there? If the music is rap, pop or country, they can get it from @CAPS1, not the library that provides it. Magazines can also be educational. If you're working on a fashion project, @CAPS2 @CAPS3 would be great to help them find some tips. Magazines may also have something inappropriate. Because all they talk about in the media is sex, sex articles may appear in magazines. Whenever I read a magazine, I skip all the crap they talk about and read about clothes, food, and people. Exposing it to younger kids isn't the best, but it's for teens they understand. Movies shouldn't be in libraries unless they're also educational. There's a lot of @CAPS4 around, those horror movies don't need to be in the library. In conclusion, I think it all depends on what kind of kid gets into the library. For younger kids, stay with the cartoon educational type stuff. For teens, stay educated but more relaxed. If something offends you, go talk to a librarian, they might be happy to take it off the shelf.
Books can be good things, but are they always good? They teach us things, entertain us, and are sometimes good pillows, but they can also be bad things. When a book isn't for readers, it shouldn't be on a library shelf. The same goes for music. If anyone finds this book objectionable, the library should definitely take it off the shelf. Some books @MONTH1 are religiously offensive. A person @MONTH1 believes so strongly in something and then a book makes fun of it or destroys it in some way. Some @MONTH1 say this person shouldn't be reading this book, but if it were me, I'd want this book to disappear so it doesn't remind me of what it said every time I passed by it. Books @MONTH1 are not even for small children. @MONTH1 has languages in it that parents don't like. People say those books should be kept out of the reach of the little ones, but you don't know what their parents are like. They might think a word is bad when you think it's good. Everyone is different. Also, a book @MONTH1 contains images that are not suitable for children. This goes back to what I said earlier, you can't just do a section for these books and talk shit. Libraries might even consider reviewing some of their books. Some religions consider certain types of music to be devil music. I know from experience that my mom thinks scream-o is the devil's music. She said it wasn't right for them to sing like that, @CAPS1 didn't like that. Others' parents @MONTH1 feel the same way. There are also some text or images in the magazine @MONTH1 that someone might take the wrong way. While I don't think libraries should remove them, they should still pay attention to who reads them. They can even put a little sticker on the cover of the magazine that says @MONTH1 is not for everyone. Books are usually good things, although they can be pretty bad. Finally, libraries should consider censoring their book, or if the book is bad enough and has enough complaints, take it off the shelves altogether
Just because I agree to something, do you have to agree too? When your cousin believes one thing, does that mean you have to believe it too? No, it doesn't seem to me, and I hope neither do you. If you see something that you find offensive, does that mean it offends another person around you? The world contains things that kids agree with and parents don't, the world contains things you like and others don't, but that doesn't make that item or that object priceless or objectionable, and it doesn't at all Not suitable. Objects containing so-called objectionable materials will always exist in the world we live in, and they have been for some time. They'll be everywhere; in stores, schools, indoors, outdoors, they're everywhere, and there's no reason they should be a problem. They're not going away and we don't have to worry that this could become a criminal offense of any kind. So why fight it, I say we don't. Do you think the sight of objectionable objects makes the area less attractive and less intentional? What if something you like offends another person, does it make you like it more? Likes and dislikes are based on opinions for almost everything and material in this world. Nothing in this world is without opinions. Life itself can be an opinion. I believe that if there is something in the library that is considered offensive, it will not be considered offensive by everyone. Nothing should be removed from a shelf or shelf because others disagree. Substitute this for other objects or ideas, and if one person in the world is offended by another, would you remove them from humanity? No, I sure hope you don't, but for some people @MONTH1 thinks this is one of their solutions. Well, I don't, I'm a strong-willed, opinionated person, and it's all wrong for me. Anything that anyone publishes or publishes to the world, the public, means it's their way of expressing something, it's their way of life, and they have a right to that. That's who they are and that's what they like and that's another person and anything we see or hear in this world is another person because that's from an individual equal to us so why reduce Equivalent because it doesn't feel the same as I do? We @MONTH1 don't all agree with their way of life, we @MONTH1 disagree with their choice of clothes, but how do we know if we agree with them? No one characteristic determines the other characteristics of another, so why have an item? What is good for you can be bad for another, what if it goes away? Taking a cd off the shelf doesn't disappear from the world, it can be found elsewhere, but it's still like removing your hand because your fingers don't look like mine. Nothing justifies removing something from the store and the world because a group of people doesn't understand it well enough to feel the same way and agree with it. Anything can be considered inappropriate, but what if your perception of fit is another inappropriate vision. There may not be an inappropriate definition, especially in the world we live in today. If we start eliminating and deleting everything we don't like, we'll be left with nothing and everything could be gone in a week or a month. People will go from an inch to a mile, wipe everything, and then we'll start wiping out people we don't like, and it's all going to be a repetition. We know our history for a reason, is this similar to what the world has been through once or twice? Erasing things from life, it used to be no good. If we start listening to the fact that people disagree with one thing, we'll listen to the next, what happens when people suddenly come in and say they don't like blond women or green-eyed men? The world will crumble before our eyes, and if I Fifteen can recognize these things, then some people need to recognize these things at fifty, accepting that the world has its flaws. So just because I agree with everything I say, do you agree too? No, I know you won't, but when you expect others to agree with what you say or think, think about it. When I think about people reducing what they don't like, I can already see the world is losing the sad value it has gained, we @MONTH1 don't all love the world, but we can't lose it. There's no benefit in eliminating what you don't like, so maybe we should accept the different people we have and love what we have. Accept the world as it is, because it is what you live, it is what you have, because without it there is nothing. Try to fix broken things instead of jagged ones
Objectionable material in the library should not be removed for its content. Writing is an art form, and censoring what authors write can obscure their message. People live on the streets and in public places every day, so censorship in a library doesn't protect anyone. Taking books out of the library entirely may also interfere with research or school projects that children must complete in class. Writing is an art form, and censoring what an author has written can obscure the message or themes of the novel. This style of writing can be seen in @PERSON1's novel To @CAPS1 a @CAPS2, where @PERSON1 used terms offensive to @CAPS3 @CAPS4 to set one of the racial tensions in the South at the time. This censorship would also be harmful if readers studying the Holocaust were unable to view pictures of death camps due to the graphic nature, without which readers would not be able to understand the true horrors of the camps. People live every day at home, on the street, and even at school. An average person will meet them @MONTH1 several times a day and hear swear words from a passing stranger or friend on the street. Parents sometimes curse or use swear words in front of their children to justify their point, or just by accident, which can make children as offended as adults. When children go to school and work around potentially offensive children, they are also exposed to profanity and behavior. Censorship of library books may interfere with school or work-related projects and research. If students do not have access to books about major wars or events due to the graphic nature, censorship can become an issue that will hinder students' ability to effectively complete assignments. This can also cause problems if a teacher needs to rent a book that has a slight profanity in it, but can't because of the content, preventing her from teaching topics and lessons to students. Libraries should not allow censorship of books based on content. First, trying to censor a novel can obscure a message or theme. Second, people live with blasphemy every day, so trying to censor it doesn't protect people because they may have heard about it in the novel. Finally, library censorship can interfere with work or school projects or research. If all libraries are censored, it could lead to some complications for workers, students, or people just looking for a good book to read
Libraries are sometimes considered boring. Walked around the island and looked at all the books and wished they were more interesting. After a few minutes of searching on that shelf you've been rummaging for hours, you catch a glimpse of a very interesting title. There may be countless inappropriate images and profanity on every page of this book. Who is to blame for opening the book and reading it? Profanity, nudity, and vulgar humor, among many others, are found throughout the media, including books. Some parents try very hard to keep their kids away from these things, telling them that they simply can't see, hear, or read certain things. Parents often don't say why they don't let their kids see, hear, or read these things, just "this sucks, I say no". If parents were to tell their kids specifically why they shouldn't be exposed to certain things, the kids might be less inclined to engage in those things. Parents should not only teach their kids why they shouldn't be exposed to these things, but maybe they should be around when their kids get a chance to see things they shouldn't. If a child is too young to see, hear or read something, then they are too young to browse the library or any other place without proper parental guidance. In my opinion censorship should not be done by libraries, filmmakers, TV shows and record labels, it should be done by the parents of the children.
Brian @PERSON1 @NUM1 @DATE1 @CAPS1 @NUM2 Library Review Should the library be reviewed? No if this is the @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 library, but yes if it is the @ORGANIZATION1 library. I'll tell you what I think about books, movies and magazines. First let me tell you something about books. I don't think the books in @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 should be censored because some parts of the history have become a bit vulgar and obnoxious. Then, sex education books also need to be in the library so people can read it and not just listen to what other people have to say. I don't think they should be a nasty love book or a @CAPS2 @PERSON2 book, what matters is that they're reading. War books shouldn't be censored because they need to let readers know what war really means and it's not a good place to be. Right now in the @ORGANIZATION1 library because no parent would want their 8 year old daughter to read how to make drugs. I think they might put something about drugs or alcohol in there, but not in depth, but keep it to a minimum. Next I'll talk about which movies they should have in the library. At the level of @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 I don't think @NUM3 makes any sense. Aside from sex tapes and historical movies, there are no free days in class, it has to be @NUM3. In @ORGANIZATION1 I should be @CAPS3-@CAPS4 movies. At that grade, they really don't watch educational movies, it's all about fun movies, so there's no reason it's worse than @CAPS3-@CAPS4. Finally I have to tell you about the magazine. At @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 I don't think magazines are a big deal. As long as there is no @CAPS7 or something. Leaving again @ORGANIZATION1 I think they should be, kids of that age shouldn't read @ORGANIZATION2. They just need to learn and interesting magazines. Should Libraries Have Censorship? No at @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 level, yes at @ORGANIZATION1 level. @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 Leave books shouldn't be @ORGANIZATION1 They should, should be in @ORGANIZATION1 movies, magazines shouldn't be @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 and should be @ORGANIZATION1.
First of all, I think everyone should admire libraries. I have this feeling because at some point, we didn't even have books, let alone get them from the library. The library is a peaceful and peaceful place. People come to the library to hang out to collect good books, surf the Internet, listen to new music, and just relax. So, to answer the question "If I find some material objectionable, do I think it should be removed from myself at the library?" @CAPS1, I believe if there are things on the shelves that @MONTH1 offend people, they should definitely be removed. You don't have to be in the environment if something offends you. It will keep individuals from coming to the library if things look unpleasant. This will cost the library a lot of business due to lack of service. A library should be a place of love, peace and harmony. It should be a place where people should feel free and free from any stress. Libraries are often confused by seeing or hearing something very objectionable. It will also make the librarian's job much harder than it should be. They will have to work harder to accommodate the difficulties you seem to have in the library. What would offend me in the library is some of the music they carry. Certain types of music should not be found in libraries. An example of some offensive music is "@CAPS2 @CAPS3" music, meaning music with a variety of different swear words. Music that demeans women in a very disrespectful way. And music that makes violence look cool. This can offend many men and women. Think about it, who wants to listen to music that makes women feel like they are worthless, and who wants to listen to music that always talks about killings, fights, gangs, etc. People who want to listen to more soothing and relaxing music. Music that will make you happy no matter what your mood is. Libraries should choose their music wisely so everyone will be satisfied. In conclusion, as mentioned earlier, the library is a great place to hang out and relax. It should never come off as a place with something objectionable, so it should be removed. It will reduce confusion and more people will keep going to the library because they know what a wonderful place it really is
Some people might think it's a good idea to review the library stuff. One might think that some of this material might be offensive to young people who go to the library. One might think that @MONTH1 better off the bad and offensive stuff. I have a different opinion on this issue. I don't think anything in a library should be censored, whether it involves books, movies, music, magazines, etc., the real question is why censorship removes that material. The answer to this question is that it shouldn't be deleted by induction. The library is where you can go to get information about whatever you want. If these items are censored or taken down, resources will be limited or not helpful to people searching for information. Another big problem with censoring or removing these materials is that people can miss out on a lot of knowledge they never knew, which can be bad or objectionable. Such as slavery, @CAPS1 taking over @CAPS2, and much of our world history. I feel strongly that people know the world of the past. Now, what happens if these items are removed from library shelves. What are you going to do with thousands of books that you can no longer read because they are offensive. We just can't get rid of them like that. A lot of the offensive stuff is real or based on real stories like @ORGANIZATION1 park getting arrested for refusing to give way to white people. So it doesn't make sense to delete these books because wherever you put them, people are going to go there and get the material they want to know. Most importantly who wants these books to be censored or removed, and why they are removing them. Well, some books are terrible and offensive, but you have to look at them that way. People have choices about what they want to read, watch or listen to. So just because some people don't like material in the library doesn't mean everyone else doesn't like it. It's people's choices, not opinions on what a few people say. So in the end I don't think books and other items in the library should be censored or taken off the shelf. I believe people have the right to read, listen or watch whatever they want. I think that's what people have against removing books. Also, if people don't like library books, no one tells them they have to leave, which means their opinion really doesn't matter
Well, for me, in the modern world, people are moral, and I've been taught that if you have a problem, solve it yourself. Most people know that censorship is important, but it doesn't have to be. I know some things are a little dangerous, but getting them to get this faster would be a better solution. How on earth could this be a "better solution", you might ask yourself? Let's talk about kids and this content, if you can get it out faster and smarter, kids won't feel the need to find out what it is at a later age. If this happens, the consequences can be fatal, for example; fines, misdemeanors, respect, reputation, or even jail time. Tell kids about murder, drugs, sex, and crime in general that they are twice as malleable as they are when they grow up. Taking them off our shelves just makes us a better community, yes I know what you think, why not? If more people in your community are better, who will help when the real threat comes? @CAPS1? Who knows, a squad car takes a little while longer if you're in a city. At that time, someone may have died, been robbed, and the same criminals are gone. So if we leave it on the shelf and so on, people will know it's beneficial to use that to help people. Anyway, what I'm trying to say is that if you take it away from us, people will be weaker, if you let it stay, people will learn from it and use it forever
Have you read or watched a book or even a movie that you think your child shouldn't read or watch? I have and have heard of many books. There's even music that only adults can listen to. Some parents are very concerned about what their children watch, listen to, read or sing. I know my parents don't want me to let my kids read or watch or hear that kind of stuff. When you think of music, books or movies that are out of children's reach, what should they be? I think movies, books and even music with bad language, violence and bullying need to be hidden from children. It is not appropriate for children to hear bad language when they are under ten years old or even older. When you have kids near you, when you hear a bad song, you should switch the station to a different station. If young children hear this language, they are likely to say it as a child. Another book, song or music that should be removed should be violent. If children watch, hear or read about violence, they are most likely to start becoming violent when they start hearing or reading about violence. As you walk around you, you shouldn't be afraid to walk yourself without being attacked. If you see someone reading or watching content that you think is inappropriate for them, you should tell them not to. When children are young, violence is not good. Books, movies or music about bullying should be removed. Bullying is not the answer to all problems, although many believe that is not the case. If you think it's a good thing for young children to learn about bullying, you are wrong! This is a bad thing for small children. Bullying can also get you in trouble when you are caught bullying. Have you ever thought about a book that should be taken off the shelves? The books that I think should be taken off the shelves are the ones with bad language, violence and bullying. Children should not hear or read about bad language. Nor should they focus on anything about violence. Finally, they shouldn't read anything about bullying
Some books in the library offend other people. So should they be removed? That's my point of view today. Keeping people in self-control is a public priority. So if it offends certain groups, why do they keep publishing and publishing books? Graphics and gory books are generally disgusting books, but all should have a warning symbol on them for people with weak stomachs and those who can't handle it. So in this way, I'm fine. People need to accept that the world is not all sunshine and rainbows, that scary things are there. Here's my take on the whole situation. So people, if you can't handle the heat, stay out of the kitchen. Offensive material about race, religion, and other personal credit investigations, however, is a different concern. This is sure to anger groups and even start protesting or boycotting it. In some cases, authors need to review their material and make sure it doesn't cause any distractions. Inciting the public is not what you want for a young writer. Not only would this upset the public, but it could lead to the author being fired. False or inaccurate statements in the book can lead to public curiosity and even conspiracy. Not only will it make a splash in the media, but just like race/religion, it can lead to the author being fired. This is not what the author wants. So making sure the work is real and not fake is a good step. These are important steps towards positive steps towards public influence. So the conclusion is that the author has a lot on hand. All the way from racial issues, religion, fale statements and more. These are some of the things the author wants to avoid. Getting the public to recommend the book and making a positive impact in the media is the best the author can ask for
In libraries, material should not be censored, considering that reading what they like is a personal decision. There is no proper standard for what makes a book offensive to a group, so it should be uncertain what makes a book offensive. In the public library, many children whose books were censored were with their parents. Parents should make independent choices about what they can let their children read. It would be ridiculous for society to ban a book just for using inappropriate material. If an author takes the time to create a story, it should be appreciated and should not be placed on the no-no list. If someone doesn't like a book's reputation, all they have to do is not read it. Even in the school system, librarians instruct children to read good books. If a child wants to read an inappropriate book, the librarian is likely to dissuade him or her from reading it. In my experience, I wanted to read a book that my mom suggested I read, but when I went to the school library, it was a censored book. Some parents think children should be ignorant of offensive content written in books, but honestly, many of the same ideas are exploited every day on TV and the internet. So trying to protect your kids from bad things @MONTH1 is a good thing, but those efforts are usually failed attempts. It also never occurred to the people reviewing books that some people couldn't afford the books they wanted to read. For some, the library is the primary means of obtaining books. All in all, there is little reason to ban a book from the shelves. Many banned books have important lessons that can be learned by reading. If a person doesn't like a book, the easiest thing to do is not to pick it up.
Honestly, there are a lot of books and magicians to get rid of ego. I remember going to the school library to pick up a book in sixth grade and it not only told me what weed was but how to grow it! There are also a lot of books now that mention drugs and sex, absolutely hate it! The last book I checked, although I've been checking it for a while, has enough references to sex that I can honestly say I thought I'd read a porn magazine. Our schools really need to pay attention to what they put in themselves. I mean come on, sixth graders shouldn't even know what weed is! Not to mention reading about it at school! Maybe that's why kids are interested in drugs and gallbladders at such a young age. The book I read didn't have any negative effects on weeds. What makes anyone think a book like this will stop kids from taking drugs? Like I said before, a lot of books in schools and public libraries have a lot of references to drugs and sex. They now have books in our library telling you what the drug is and what heights it will give you. If you can buy crap to make them! OK, I know I'm in high school, but you should have a book that looks like a pron magazine. There are pictures of the posts in the books I read! It breaks everything down into details! It even gives the website on the back of the book. And my friends are not good either. It's just sad. I was just starting to get scared of what my brother and sister would read. Are not you afraid? I know I don't want my siblings to read detailed information about drugs and sex. Let them read it completely. Remove books from schools and public libraries. In any case, almost no one will read them. If they are accidental, like I encountered
I don't think objectionable books should be allowed to be removed from the library, in the first place because people have different tastes in the books they read. I also think the books in the library are educational, they can offend people, but sometimes they help to learn new things about the world around us. Another thing is, a lot of books, movies, music, and magazines might offend you, but if you don't want your kids to read those, keep them away from those types of books in the library, and those who do want to Check out that stuff. So I think it depends on what kind of things people like, everyone likes different things. One reason I think libraries shouldn't be censored is because some people have different tastes in the books they read. Some people like horror books, some people like romance books, so everyone doesn't like the same thing. Everyone can be offended by something, but people shouldn't let it bother them. My second reason is because the books they carry in the library are usually educational. They have study books for little kids to help them learn to read, they have magazines for people around the world who are interested in drama, and then we have war books for people who are interested in history, so I don't think people really should be People read books that offend. Another reason is if you don't want your kids or reading books etc. It might seem offensive to you, then don't let them read it, everyone likes different things, and if you take away what other people like, you're just offending them too. That's why people who like to go to the library shouldn't make things so offensive so we don't have to review stuff in the library. So that's why I think libraries shouldn't be censored at all because people have different tastes in the books they read, the books that libraries carry are usually educational, if you don't want your kids to read those books then don't let They read. People need to understand that some books are not always trying to offend people, but those are just trying to state their choices there
@CAPS1 it @MONTH1 @CAPS2: @CAPS3 I walk into the library and I want to be able to think I'm in a quiet place where I can find books that are helpful to my needs and harmless to anyone. Wherever I go, I want to be a free person who shouldn't worry about things that will hurt others or myself. People are people and everyone should be treated the same. It doesn't matter what color your skin is, what you look like, or the way you speak. Everyone should be treated equally. I believe that if a movie, magazine, book or anything is offensive to anyone of any kind, it should be permanently deleted. It doesn't matter what the past was like. Now is the time, and in my opinion, everyone deserves the same treatment. I believe that no one in this world should be ashamed of who they are. If someone is @CAPS4 @CAPS5 they should be proud of it and should not be afraid of negative things that will hurt their feelings. I think most people would agree with @CAPS3 that everyone in this world should be treated absolutely the same. Negative stuff in books or magazines or anywhere should be removed. Our world doesn't need such a thing. This is what causes people to go crazy and go into gangs or do drugs. Our world should not contain bad things that will harm the lives of others. Anything that is detrimental to a person or group of people should not be allowed and should be discarded. Ignorance people should not get what people used to get. The past has nothing to do with what happened in the present. Now people should be proud of who they are and not be afraid of such things. I treat people the way I want to be treated, which should apply to everyone. Harmful things need to be removed from everything. Our world doesn't need such a thing. People should be able to live freely and be proud of who they are. In conclusion, I believe that if some material is found objectionable, it should be removed. Everyone is who they are and should not have an influence on others and their way of life. People should be proud to be here, not afraid of something that could affect their lives forever. Harmful things are bad in this world and should not affect others. Everyone deserves the best and should be treated with care, not hatred.
Comics, romance, adventure books, and mystery books are just a few of the different types of books we listen to in magazines and music. With a little bit, whatever your passion, we are entitled to see or listen to whatever we like at the local library, however, some of the people who go there are not adults. Some of these are young children who either read books by themselves or are just with their parents/guardians. I believe that even though there are some books and magazines, and music that is not suitable for children, they should still not be removed just because they are considered objectionable. Everyone has experienced at least some unpleasant things in their life. But knowing our world today, we simply cannot hide from these things, but to face them, we adults are old enough to stay away from things we find objectionable, unlike our kids or other kids can do. Sometimes even kids have to go through it. It's part of growing up and a learning experience for all of us. If you already know which parts of the library have things that children should not see, please do not bring your children to that area. If possible, take them to a place where they @MONTH1 sit and read their favorite book, read their favorite book with you, where you can watch every move there. At the same time, you don't have to risk explaining things you're not ready for or sure your child is ready to hear or see. It's part of life because it's impossible to hide from your kids what you don't want them to see and hear at the same time. Even if they are young and ask what something is, we can simply turn our heads and let them get distracted by other things and pretend we didn't hear what they were saying. But as your kids get older, they should know right and wrong and know what they @MONTH1 read and what they can't. Some of us are ignorant of the world around us, @MONTH1 unaware that certain things can do more harm than good, even like taking your kids to the library. If you don't like something there, or know there's something you simply don't want your child to see or hear, don't bother taking them on your next visit, next time when your child is with a babysitter , or have the opportunity to take them with you in case you come across objectionable items in the library
First, if any material in the library, such as books, music, movies or magazines, is found to be objectionable, I believe they should remain on the shelf. This book or music @MONTH1 is offensive, but everyone is entitled to their opinion. People have all the freedom to read, listen or watch whatever suits them. I believe it's up to individuals to choose how they should handle @MONTH1's offending behavior. Also from my own experience, I read a book about @CAPS1 @CAPS2 at various stages of our history, where they were salve and hanged for punishment. @MONTH1 offended some people whose local library had a book on such a horrific subject but found it to be part of history, while others @MONTH1 found it interesting to go back and learn more. It doesn't necessarily mean they are racist or trying to offend you, they just want to learn more about our history. Everyone has topics that offend them, but libraries can't make everyone happy. If you choose to pick a book, watch a movie, or listen to music that @MONTH1 offends someone, it should not be removed; if you want to read, watch, or listen to anything that @MONTH1 offends someone, you should remove it by You decide what to do with it. Therefore, my conclusion is that if any books, music, movies or magazines are found offensive, they should remain on the shelf. Everyone at @MONTH1 has their own opinions or their own ideals that offend them, but our job is to let these people choose whatever they like open at our local library. This is for their own benefit, not yours. It's up to you to decide if this happens. The library should not be held responsible and must remove anything open to @MONTH1 who is only part of our background
The media use censorship to prevent people from being offended by what they see or hear. While censorship is usually not a bad thing, it can sometimes be overused. Not everyone has the same views and morals, @MONTH1 is seen as suitable for some people, @MONTH1 is seen as different by other cultures or religions. In my personal opinion, if you find something objectionable, rather than asking for it to be removed or censored, just don't watch it or read it, etc. Obviously, if the content is published first, it will attract some viewers. No one is forcing people to read or watch things, which is why there is something called audience digression. There will be no @LOCATION1 if all individuals or groups reviewed are deemed offensive. At @LOCATION1, we have the freedom to speak, write or animate to express whatever beliefs we choose. The review content runs counter to the amendment. For example, censorship using the word "@CAPS1" on TV in vain. I myself find this too much because it doesn't apply to my beliefs. While the show '@CAPS2 @CAPS3 Of @CAPS4 @CAPS5 @CAPS6' portrays people my age and nationality being pregnant and taking drugs. Even though I felt this offensive and stereotyped, I didn't ask for it to be removed, I just didn't look at it at all. I'm not saying I'm totally against censorship of certain things, like nudity on TV. Although to censor something just because of a belief, morality, or fear that your children are affected by it, that's exaggerating censorship. If you find something objectionable, keep yourself and your children away from it.
Library review is unnecessary. Reading material should not be taken off the shelf. Each book has a different experience that helps children learn. If a child's parent finds a book bad or objectionable; then gurdian can prohibit the child from reading it. If people start deselecting reading material, some kids at @MONTH1 simply refuse to read. Everyone is different and likes to choose books they can read. There is no point in reviewing books at the library, you take away choices, and the experience of learning from certain books. Each book has a different plot and a different moral. Each story teaches readers a morality in its own way. When you start removing books from the library, you deprive students of the opportunity to learn a certain morality from that book. In taking certain books, you are somehow trying to hide reality. No book should ever be taken off a library shelf. Every book taken off the shelf is another learning experience. If a book is disapproved by the child's guardian; let them come and forbid their child not to read it. A book is just a way to learn and explore different things in life. Censorship in the library only keeps kids away from books for so long. Every child should have the opportunity to read any book they want, unless prohibited by Gooding. Whether a book is offensive or bad doesn't depend on the library. That's just based on reader opinion, everyone's opinion is different. Then again, if a gurdian really wants their kids to stay away from certain reading materials, they can ban their kids themselves. When libraries started reviewing books, they removed the option to pick books. When you limit the topics of books in the library, some kids at @MONTH1 pick up fewer and fewer books over time. Everyone loves different types of books, and opening the options gives everyone the opportunity to find a book they like. While some of @MONTH1's stories may seem like a poor choice, until the reader starts reading, he or she won't be able to figure that out. Reserving options for students is the best idea because more kids @MONTH1 actually read. In conclusion, libraries should not censor books or reading materials of any kind. Everyone is different, even when reading a book. People like that their options are open and broad. Each book tells a different story and teaches a different moral. So give kids a choice and let them learn from the stories they choose. Some books are helpful in teaching ethics or gaining perspective. There are also books that help prepare a person for the outside world. Taking away certain reading materials is depriving children of the opportunity to understand what is actually happening around them. In conclusion, censorship is a bad idea and should be left to the child's guardian
Should certain books be banned or should not be banned? In my personal opinion, no, I don't think any book should be banned from public libraries. Authors of books have freedom of speech, so yes, some of @MONTH1's books will offend people, but if it offends them, they should try to stay away from those books or magazines. I think if some books are banned by libaray then you can no longer buy them in the store because the store also bans them. In my personal opinion, no, I don't think any book should be banned from public libraries. The reason is that you can't judge a book by its cover. You don't know if this book will offend you until you read it. After you've read it or you're reading it and it offends you, you should take it back to the library and get a new one. Should certain books be banned or should not be banned? In my personal opinion, no, I don't think public libraries should ban books. Because a lot of books that do offend people are books that teach us history.
In my opinion, I think some books should probably be removed from the shelf if they are deemed objectionable. Some movies and books people find offensive can be really bad and say nasty things and stuff like that. Some music can also be offensive because it can say nasty things and things like that, but not all music is bad. It depends on the type of music you like to listen to if it says nasty stuff because there are many different types of music to listen to too.
I believe libraries shouldn't have any censorship. I say this because our First Amendment is free speech and we should be able to put anything in books, magazines, music, movies, etc. Another reason we shouldn't take them off the shelves is because we should be able to tell if the book is appropriate for your age or your viewing count, depending on your perspective. My first reason is that the first amendment is free speech. I say this because we should be able to express our feelings in any form or form, but in any way in our books. Also, if we start taking things away because of book reviews, it will go further, it will get to the point where the first revision will stop. In my climax, I have pointed out that because of the First Amendment, nothing should have any kind of censorship. I also said the reason we shouldn't have censorship is because it's another way of expressing yourself or your opinion.
When you find a book by @LOCATION1 on your shelf, you know it's not about words for kids. Or when you go to copy something, you notice a magazine on the table, and then find that the magazine has an image on the cover that is not suitable for young people to see. Or the movie or music you see and what's in it shocks you and makes you hear the sounds they make. I think objectionable items like books, music, movies, magazines, etc. are better off the shelf because these words and pictures poison the minds of children who learn will from the world around them Something that makes your child think that's how you act and speak. Here are two examples of why they should remove music and magazines from their bookshelves. First, when dealing with music children see words versus what they see and say. A good example is rap music: they have swear words in their songs, trust me when I tell you this, I have to constantly swear at school kids like n-words and f-words and so on and see some Boys' underwear because they think they're thugs just because their pants sag low. It drives me crazy and makes me think why their parents let their kids do this. In the next paragraph, I will discuss magazines. Second, for magazines, some of the images they use on the cover and pages are things that kids can see where they read. An example of this is when I went into the copy room of the school library to copy an article from a magazine, I found a magazine on my desk showing three actors from @LOCATION1 wearing their birthday suits . I think what exactly is this doing in my school, they should have something like that where the kids are in the learning environment. Why on earth did they send this to school crying out loud. They think it wants to bother any child's parent, and if I find out my child has something in there school, I'll definitely be pissed about it. Anyhow, that's why they should be removed from the shelf so kids don't see them.
Freedom of the press is a right that many countries do not have. America is the land of the free. For some people, having so much freedom can lead to great things. Without freedom of the press, many of the most classic modern literatures would cease to exist, and their messages would remain unknown. Censorship of the right to freely write one's opinion of the world or government or whatever means stripping the imagination and, in some cases, statistics and events related to the past. Before today's technology, books were one of the only ways to gain knowledge, and the process of making and publishing a book took so long that it was a privilege to receive one of the few. People are hungry for information, they like to learn and improve. If all the books deemed "offensive" are removed from the shelves, the information is slowly taken away and the pleasure of reading is lost. In this wonderful novel, @CAPS1 @NUM1 a man living in a dystopian society discovers the scarcity of literature. All books found in the home are immediately taken out and burned on the street for all to see. The kids thought it was fun and the adults didn't do anything. The man read the novel with his own secret collection of books. Once it was discovered that he was on the run to protect his valuable knowledge, the government would go to great lengths to keep the public from knowing. Censorship only creates chaos and destruction in fiction. The right to know about the history of your country or what's going on with your current government is vital in schools and universities. Parents are often offended by authors whose schools choose to have their students read, saying their ideas and mindsets are single-minded and wrong. Students need books to grow and learn, and if everyone chooses a book to permanently remove it, there will be no more books. Ultimately, all information will come from what people knew before the books were banished and eventually disappeared forever. The books themselves are a history, and no one wants to hear the raw truth about certain topics, like slavery or the possibility of a full government takeover. To avoid hearing this, simply choose a more fictional novel to escape your fantasies. No one can change history, but they can exaggerate certain events and completely change how the public thinks and thinks about the past without an actual book or citing its source. If someone is offended by a book, they have their own freedom to write a negative blog or report on it. Writing is an innate gift of a few people, and being able to show off one's talent is a privilege. Books help people escape the harsh world we live in, or help them gain more knowledge. Censorship is relentless because all forms of music, movies and magazines have been stripped of the truth, so what's left? People always tell the truth or tell "white lies", but most of the information is true. The freedom to write and make books, music and movies is not just about entertaining people. The message behind the so-called "offensive" material can be very strong, and while the author may be long gone, his or her message may persist for decades
Entertainment for children and adults includes movies, music, sports, video games and reading. Books, music, movies and magazines should not be removed from any shelf at any time. The library censors certain materials due to violent or inappropriate material. Children should have the right to read, listen or watch whatever they want because this is their life. Books, magazines, music and movies can educate young people about life, and writers, artists, directors and actors all work very hard to entertain people. Material deemed "offensive" should not be removed. These materials may be found helpful to others. Reading material can help young people live. If a reader has a problem and needs help, the book @MONTH1 he/she is reading might help them think about what they should do. These books, movies and music are made by extremely hard workers, so why take away their hard work by removing their material just because a few people find it objectionable. There are many times I went to the library to find a book I had read before, but I couldn't find it. I couldn't find it because other people thought it was out of place and asked for the book to be removed from the shelf. It hurts me because that book is one of my favorites to read. Some books deemed "offensive" or "inappropriate" and removed from the shelf may be another person's favorite to read. Why take it off the shelf? People are too self-centered. They care about themselves, that's all. Material taken off the shelf should be put back on the shelf for readers who find the material interesting. If parents do not want their children to read a certain book, they have the right to take that book from their children, not from the shelf. @CAPS1 Free Statement Anyone has the right to write whatever he/she wants. If we continue to take books, magazines, music or movies from our shelves, then we will reach a point where there are no books on any shelf
I don't think books should be taken off the shelf to do something offensive. Libraries are a very important aspect of most people's lives today. Mainly because where I live our city is working on a new plan to close a nearby library. For me and my friends, the library is very important because we don't have computers at home. The library has internet and used book city information. Living in our present society, not every family can afford a computer with internet. I live in one of these families myself. The library is a great quiet place to get work done. It also provides internet and everyday needs that people cannot afford. Every job application or school assignment is no longer on paper, but online. As @NUM1 grade students, we had to do a lot of projects that required old books about cities and history. If they delete some books from the shelf, I @MONTH1 can't find the important information I need. Also, I know everyone has their own opinion on what is offensive to them, but if everyone finds something offensive in a book, movie or magazine, does that mean it should be removed? If this happens, the supply of books will be very limited. I have a half-Mexican friend who sometimes finds slavery offensive, but for me, I believe knowing my history is important to me. Prove that something that might offend someone @MONTH1 is not offensive and may be important to the other person. In conclusion, I disagree with the removal of books from the shelves due to objectionable content, which I think is wrong. Everyone is different and will find different things offensive, but shouldn't take something away from another person @MONTH1 who needs it
Everyone has the right to read, listen or watch what they want. Sometimes it's not always up to them. For example movies rated - @CAPS1 that most kids under @NUM1 can't watch. Either the law or the parents made the rules. I think music is different. Some songs, whether related to violence or curses, can have a bad effect on children, and some songs still give children the wrong message. Libraries shouldn't have that kind of books, music, movies, magazines, etc. If people want to see something that others find "offensive", they should buy it on their own time. Not everyone has a great sense of humour, so some of @MONTH1 find funny things that irritate others. Readers can choose which books they want to read, even if there is anything in the library that would offend others. Sometimes @MONTH1 is better if kids read these articles on their own, which saves parents time explaining to them later. They may ask a lot of questions that parents may not even have the answer to. For example, when my brother watched a movie rated @CAPS1. When my brother was young, he was always curious and always asked a lot of questions. Sometimes my mom doesn't know how to respond, so she changes the subject. Well, everyone knows the same old question "where did @CAPS3 babies come from?". This is a question my brother is curious about. My mom never bothered to answer this question, but if she did, she would make up stories. My brother is smart enough to know that what he was told is simply not accurate. Finally one day, he was nosy and took one of my mom's movies without asking. Just happened to have the answer to his question. He was shocked and disgusted at the same time, but he was happy to know that he finally found an answer my mom wouldn't give. In this case, I'm a bit neutral. I'm not against removing potentially offensive items off the shelf, but on the other hand, it's probably not a good idea to put "offensive" items, some library @CAPS3 kids have access to them. Maybe that's what makes things less boring and more interesting to the reader. Not everyone sees things the same way. @MONTH1 It's a good thing to have these types of books, both to state facts and to state your own opinions. Everyone has the right to express their opinion, and there is nothing wrong with providing informative facts in an article or movie. If @CAPS3 most kids go there to buy books, it's not a smart idea to have anything "offensive" in the library @MONTH1. Parents always have a say in what books their children read or what movies they watch. Some parents may not want to go through all the questions their kids have and give them something that can be better explained to understand, while others don't want their kids to see or know anything 'objectionable' by @MONTH1' Until they are old enough to understand it better and become mature about these things. So in some cases it might be a bad idea to have something on the library shelf that only adults should know @CAPS3, kids might get it. Quotes' All of us can think of a book that we wish our kids or any other kids didn't take off the shelf. But if I have the right to take that book off the shelfâ€”job I hateâ€”then you have the same right, and so do other people. Then we have no books on the shelf for any of us. Katherine Paterson has her own opinion. This sentence basically says if parents don't want their kids to read something "offensive" if their kids sometimes have a right to know. If kids take something like that off the shelf, once they know they won't ask any more questions.
Dear @ORGANIZATION1, I think it is wrong to remove offensive and other non-aggressive books from library shelves just because one or two students don't like them or don't want to see others reading them. There are things that can be used for reading and learning, and although they are really objectionable, it is okay to leave the material on the shelf if it is used for good purposes such as learning and not just for fun. It is important to expose readers to a wide range of reading materials. Not only should they be exposed to less clean and normal material, but they should be introduced to things like foreign writing. If we take off all the books that are a little offensive or not entirely suitable for readers, will there be a lot of books that will get people's attention? In conclusion, I am a firm believer that these materials should stay on the shelf. In some cases, the material is important for learning and keeping the reader's attention. Put these items on the shelf!
Censorship in libraries should be as strict as people of that age group. Children aged @NUM1 to @NUM2 should be able to read any profane book. They should be mature enough to read a book with a name and use profanity without laughing or offending. @NUM3 kids shouldn't have a lot of books in this esoteric language in their library. They are young and should not be expected to use these words to express affection or address. They should be able to hear very little or see very little, but as they get older they should get used to this. If they don't hear that much, then yes, I'd agree, but they should review it in the library they're in. For kids younger than @NUM4, they should not read or see profane or bad things unless their parents allow it. We can't control what parents make their children do, but we can in schools and public libraries
I'm a citizen of @LOCATION1 and I believe the review of library materials is not good, but could be better. It should be an age limit for certain books and magazines etc. in the library. Some young children should not be able to read due to maturity levels. I remember taking my little sister to the public library and she grabbed a book and started asking me things she shouldn't be hearing right now. On the other hand, those books by @MONTH1 are needed. Some people need those types of books and magazines to write research papers and stuff like that. Now that I consider myself a young adult, I believe other kids my age can read different things and know right and wrong. It's also up to the child's parent or guardian, if you feel you don't want your child to read anything inappropriate, go to the library with them. But some children don't have mature parents or guardians who will tell them what to read and what not to read, so libraries should do something about book review. Well, I just wanted to write this for you because like I said before reviewing books, movies, music, magazines, etc. It's ok in the library, but could be a little better. There should be a certain age when a child reads or sees something. But you can't take all the inappropriate books and stuff out of the library because some people do need them. That's why I believe it would help if the library had an age limit or made something only for a mature audience.
If something is found to be objectionable, it should of course be removed from the shelf. When parents drop off their kids or take them to the library, they don't expect the kids to pick up inappropriate things. Some of @MONTH1's items offend someone's beliefs and are rude. Public libraries are just that, public. The public and the general public will see everything there. No one should worry about being offended when they walk into a place of learning and knowledge. Parents don't want their kids going to the library to pick up rude materials. Who's going to stop that young, impressionable mind from flipping the pages, even if the child doesn't check the book or magazine. Maybe he or she read something his or her parents didn't plan to teach them for a while. Books now have a lot of vulgarity and humor. If there is a subject that a young person is not mature enough to understand, he or she @MONTH1 will have the wrong impression or idea of the subject. If a child is flipping through the adult section of the library, they may be exposed to some information they don't yet have ready. Offensive language @MONTH1 is in the book and now young people see them and try to use those words or phrases. If a child reads something about sex, he or she may be curious or confused and ask their parents. On the other hand, parents may not want their children to know about this topic at such a young age. By then, there will be no turning back. Parents will have to explain things that are too mature for some young people. Parents have every right to reject certain material from minors and children, but if the books are made public, who will censor who sees what. Libraries need to think hard about what's on their shelves, no matter what form the information takes. The folks at @MONTH1 think that just because the story is in the book, of course it can't be true. Some reckless scenarios play out in the movie. These films are watched by people of all ages. If an impressionable teen watches a movie with offensive language or scenes of violence, the teen may act on what they see. Since a public library is indeed public, the materials it provides to people should not be offensive. People of all shapes and sizes entered the library and looked around. No one should walk out of a library feeling offended. No parent should worry about what their child might pick up. Libraries should not cause concern or harm in any way.
I don't think they should be removed just because someone else @MONTH1 liked that movie, book, music or magazine. Just because we might not like it doesn't mean their people are there. Everything should be in the library because they are different people and not everyone likes the same things. Libraries should have it all, so if we declare something to be taken off the shelf because one or a few people don't like something or show people it's not right. I've been to the library looking for a movie or book that I like or want to see and it hasn't come up and I'm pissed about it. So it doesn't feel like it's right or fair. Everyone should have the right to whatever they read or like to watch. Even though there are some books or movies that kids shouldn't touch, I still feel like they shouldn't take anything off the shelf.
Hi, my name is @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @PERSON1 and I'm here to talk about why I think we should have these specific materials in the library. Why I think these materials should be kept in good condition because for @CAPS3 lets say it's a certain movie or song or book or whatever you've been looking for and you can't find it in any other store for a long time while You just happen to go to the library just to see. Even if you know it's not there, you're just looking, and you'll eventually find whatever you're looking for. What if you're looking for a mystery book and only the library has the book you're looking for. I can think of many reasons why we need certain materials. Well, I guess this is a summary for me. And consider putting yourself in the same pair of shoes, maybe even mine. what will you do? Are you going to get them to remove the material, or are you going to get them to stay.
What are your thoughts on the reading material? Should people be able to read what they want, or should we restrict them from reading what they read? Every library has different options. They can say you can't get this without an adult, or they can let you check it out and take it home. I have read many different things in my life so far. I've read books that people tell me to be inappropriate, and then there's nothing bad in there. Most books turn into an adult book even if they say one or two choice words. I think it should be up to the reader, whether they can handle a book. Everyone reacts to things differently. Take people my age, for example, some boys are still underage and think acting is funny. Those people can't handle what we call "adult" textbooks. Most girls are in the mature stage, still immature, but working their way up. They will be able to handle certain things in the adult material category. The reader is smart enough to know what he or she can or cannot handle. If we take away people's choice, what will they have? You make them feel more like babysitters because they have to take their parents to the library and say hey mom and dad pick me a book because I'm not eighteen and can't pick a book. I do not like that. As someone who reads a lot, I know my family is too busy to find time to ride with me and pick out books. So I won't be able to read that much. I mean what do you think? Which side would you choose? Everything is personal opinion. It all depends on your comfort level as a reader. Whether you want to decide for yourself or walk with you every step of the way. Some people are so busy they don't even have time to go to the library. Others just want the freedom to read what they want. Why stop someone from being smarter? Children learn more only by challenging themselves. Why not let them challenge themselves in a good book they have to pick out. what do you think
I believe libraries shouldn't be censored because people offend certain things. Everyone should be able to read, research or watch whatever they want in the library. I say this because everyone is going to be unhappy with something, if people can't find what they're looking for then why go to the library and everyone likes different things. I will support them in the following paragraphs. Have you read or seen anything that offends you or anyone else? Often, when someone is offended by something, they try to get rid of the thing that offended them. If people go where to take things in the library that offend them, what's left on the shelves? dust? Because there are so many things that are off-putting, everyone is different. This is one of the reasons I don't support censorship because there is nothing left. Also, everyone tends to like many different things. I @MONTH1 love something you might hate, shouldn't I say it out loud in the library just because you don't like it? No, because something you like might be taken away by someone else. So if everyone tried to take something they didn't like, it would be another thing, otherwise nothing would be left. I think it's because if we combine what everyone hates, it could very well be everything. If people can't find what they're looking for, these two topics lead me to my last reason. Since he was taken away, why come to the library? People would just stay at home and read what they liked on the internet, and the library would be as empty as a bookshelf. Then building buildings, buying books for people and hiring librarians is a waste of money. That's wasted taxes that we could have used to do better things. After reading all my reasons and opinions, I hope you can agree that the library has no censorship. Because everyone is offended by something, everyone likes something different, and no one will use a library without something they like. Some people @MONTH1 disagree with me because they are one of those people who is offended or doesn't like something. But say no to censorship and let our libraries do what they want and let people read, research, watch what they want.
Censorship is one of the most illegal laws in @LOCATION1. It is illegal to censor any publication, such as books, magazines, music or movies. Censorship most often occurs on books in a school setting. Censorship should no longer be tolerated as it affects writers, school systems, and especially readers. In @ORGANIZATION1, everyone has the right to express their feelings and opinions on any topic they want. The school system takes away this right by not allowing them to own a certain book at school. A school should be a place for all books, or no books at all. School staff do not have the authority to decide which books are allowed in the school based on their own ideals. It is unfair for writers to be discriminated against, and writers must have the right to read their books in any setting. The next group to be affected by censorship within the school system is the school system itself. If schools are allowed to deprive a group of people of one right with impunity, they may start depriving them of others. In the general school system and teachers are enormously powerful leaders of the school student body. They make rules just to show their power over students and take away many of them. If schools are allowed to continue to censor books, then this could lead to a downward spiral of all censorship. As Katherine Paterson once said, "All of us can think of a book that we hope our children don't . ....then you have the same rights...then we don't have any books on our shelves for any of us to use. @ORGANIZATION1's government needs to crack down on school censorship because it's unconstitutional. Do it in the school system The last major group of reviewers is potential readers and students. Reviewing a book is the ability of people to know and understand a certain subject being reviewed. Students within a school must have the right to read them, regardless of the school's beliefs and ideals Want to read. In conclusion, censorship in any setting, especially in schools, can no longer be tolerated as it affects writers, school systems, and potential readers. Schools are depriving all potential readers of their constitutional rights. @ORGANIZATION1 The government of
Where is the world going? We've reached a level where offensive material is installed in the library and anyone can view it. As a daughter and teen, I have personally had the experience of reading these offensive books and magazines. The sex, drugs and violence used to create stories have destroyed our young minds. I feel strongly that this disturbing and damaging material should be removed from library shelves. I don't question whether children and teens should read, but what they read. I agree that reading helps our young people learn and excel in school, but offensive books and magazines can put nasty thoughts into their minds and distort their way of thinking. The more our younger generation learns about these ugly things, the more curious they become. I think they will eventually let curiosity get the better of them. Many people will say that experiencing activities like sex and drugs is part of growing up, but I disagree. Attempting any of these harmful activities described in some library materials could put you and your health at serious risk. Pregnancy or drug use only once. To better prove my point, think about your favorite books. Do you look up to any major characters? Do you want to be like him/her? Well, in my opinion, this malicious material makes the protagonist and hero of the story a bad role model. They @MONTH1 save the world and become heroes during the day, but the writers and producers make sure they include their nightlife in the story too. This tells our kids that it's okay to do these things, when the opposite is true. I stand by my opinion that objectionable books, magazines and movies should be removed from library shelves. This material sowed a bad seed in the hearts of our youth. This leads them to believe that everyone, including their heroes in books and movies, does these things. Sex, violence and drugs are not the purpose of this world
Graphical images or words are thought to change young children's perceptions of many topics. But kids really don't remember half of what they read or see, so does it really matter? Well, according to some, I can understand, but I'm going to have to take the side of irrelevance. Since it's not like it won't detect bad language or sexuality, I say there shouldn't be any restrictions on books, music, movies, magazines, TV shows, etc. The truth is that people or parents will be offended or complained because there is hardly any @PERSON1 swearing in front of them. Or because some of the material in the show or magazine is offensive to people with disabilities, race, etc. Neither the network nor the author is serious when really all of this is just humor. The author's work shouldn't be shunned, it's meant to be read, for people to learn from that book, or just enjoy reading it. By all this, you should know by now that I don't think parents of young children should be taking books off the shelf just because they are ashamed of the books their children read. Like I've already said, these things will eventually be found. So there is no need to be angry about it. If we get rid of all the more mature books, what kind of books all our more mature kids and people have to read. Because I'm pretty sure I don't want to read about a magical friendly dragon finding his way home.
Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2's name is @PERSON1. I'm a student of @LOCATION1 and @CAPS2 noticed that @ORGANIZATION1 is considering taking books they deem offensive out of the library. I think this is wrong. If everyone at @LOCATION1 took books we deem objectionable off their shelves and thrown them away, we would have no books to read. I also don't think anyone should have the power to decide which books are too offensive to me. I'm 16 and have enough responsibility to let @CAPS2 decide for myself what content is too offensive to me to read. If I feel like I should read books that other people @MONTH1 find offensive, then why should you worry? Just because I want to read this book doesn't mean you have to. Also, I think having the book that might be a little offensive makes the book more interesting. If you take every offensive word out of the book, it's likely to be difficult to sit down and read. If you take all the offensive books from the library, the kids will be even less likely to read, and I know that's not what @LOCATION1 wants to do. If you think books are offensive, try walking down the hallway. This is @ORGANIZATION1. The kids kept cursing and talking about dirtier stuff than any book I've ever read. If you want kids to be more naive, taking all our books out of the library is not the answer
Every author has a target audience when they write a book, and they write what they think is appropriate for that particular audience. Unfortunately, sometimes other people who didn't intend to read the book actually did read it, even though @MONTH1 wasn't something they should have read. When an author writes a children's book, it is for children, not adults. Also, when authors write romance novels, they are for people who can understand what the author is saying and who can show maturity in reading. While some novels @MONTH1 are not for some people, library censorship is not their solution to this problem, which is a big mistake. As human beings, we are given certain freedoms, and one of those freedoms is freedom of the press. Authors should be able to write whatever they choose to write. If they choose to write on a subject that is not suitable for all age groups, they still have the right to have their book in the library. While everyone shouldn't read them, some people are. If you take these books because you're afraid your child might get one, you're taking something that some people love to read. Since different books are designed for different age groups, the library has different sections with different authors. They have a kids section made primarily for children, an adults section with books that only adults should read, and a teen section for everyone in between. By having sections in it, libraries try to get people to read what they intend to read without censoring or taking away people's favorite books. Setting up sections in the library is a happy medium between letting anyone read any book they want (no matter how inappropriate @MONTH1 may be) and deleting some books together. If a person is an adult, they should be allowed to go to the library and get any type of books, magazines, music or movies they want. If a child's parents give them permission to check or look at something, it should be fine for others if they find the material objectionable. Rather than censoring movies, books, magazines, or music owned by a library, at a certain age, people can come in without parents and view whatever they want. If a person is under that age, their parents should be present when they check out so they can approve what their child is checking. The library review is ultimately pointless and shouldn't even be considered. Whether or not some people find some material objectionable, there are other ways to get that material, so it really doesn't make sense to review anything at the library
I think all objectionable material should be removed from the library so everyone can read a book, listen to music, watch a movie without being offended. They should have their own section to store this material. Bad movies should be taken off the shelves. They should have a section dedicated to these movies. That section should be locked so kids can't get those movies. I think it's fair to everyone. Bad music should be taken off the shelves. They should have a section dedicated to that kind of music. That section should be locked so kids can't get that kind of music. I think it's fair to everyone. Bad magazines should be taken off the shelves. These magazines should have sections dedicated to those magazines. They should be locked up. I think it's fair to everyone. Bad books should be taken off the shelves. They should have a department for these books. The books should be locked up so the kids can't get them. I think it's fair to everyone. That's what I think should be done with this objectionable material. If it did, everyone would have a book to read, magazines, music to listen to, and a movie to watch
Picture this: You come home from get off work one day, and before you even enter the house, you hear music coming from your child's room. As you get closer, and you start hearing the lyrics that accompany the bass, you realize that it's not just any music, it's an explicit version of a vulgar song that's completely unedited. Now, who wants their kids to listen to songs that look like drinking, drugs, and all sorts of other dangerous activities? I know I definitely won't. Music is not the only source of objectionable material in today's society. It can be found almost anywhere. In books, magazines, @CAPS1 shows, movies, on @CAPS2, you name it. All of these are easily accessible to kids of all ages. This is why some material should be censored to some extent. I mean, if there is a dirty book in a public library, it should only be rented by people of a certain age. Just because it sucks doesn't mean it has to disappear from the world entirely. There should be restrictions on who can view it. This applies to all content that may contain offensive material. Children are children. Some things should be absolutely off-limits for them - like explicit movies, books, music, etc. - because they don't need to know about drugs, sex or alcohol at such a young age. Censorship should definitely be implemented in places such as public libraries where young children must go. However, as mentioned earlier, the review should only be to a certain extent. Keeping children's minds clean for as long as possible is a very positive thing for them and our society as a whole
"Then we don't have any books on our shelves for any of us to use." @CAPS1 is Katherine Paterson's strong statement about library censorship. Today we often hear that books, magazines, and many other resources in libraries are banned for unpopular views. A classic novel, @CAPS2 by @CAPS3 @CAPS4, has been pulled off the shelves of many public and school libraries due to vulgar language like "niggers". Libraries should not remove resources for being offensive, because it goes against the purpose of the library, and many people have a different opinion. A library is a place of resources for information, interest, and enlightenment. When a book or magazine is taken away because of provenance, background, or views that seem obscene or unpopular, then the library is not serving its purpose. If I want to find a book on @CAPS5, but the library has banned it because another religion finds its teachings objectionable, why not ban books from another religion too? @CAPS1 goes back to what Katherine Paterson said before. What may be offensive to one person may be another way of life or interest in another person. However, children should be treated as special circumstances. No, it seems to me that a child should probably not read adult stuff like sex. However, the child's parent or guardian is the only person who has the authority to restrict resources they deem inappropriate. In most public libraries, young children don't roam the library loudly without an adult. @CAPS1 is a very important rule because it sets boundaries for teens so they won't read or listen to anything they shouldn't. In addition, the library is keen to divide the different resources into different sections for children, young people and adults. Banning library books etc. takes away part of the history and leaves a void for the future. It shouldn't be a problem to discover that what our parents used to read was limited. Materials should not be censored in libraries as they are found objectionable because @CAPS1 is censorship and it takes away our rights.
I don't think we should take books, music, movies and magazines off the shelf because we think they offend us. If you think something is offensive, don't understand it, I know I won't get what I think is offensive. They have a lot of books in the world that I don't like. One of them is @CAPS1 Books, I hate them with all my heart. I think the next type of offending book is @CAPS2 Books because there are so many stories in them that we don't read. So I think it's a waste of paper. The last type of books I find offensive are @CAPS3 Books because they are hard to read in @CAPS3. They have a lot of music that I don't like. One of them is @CAPS5. I don't know why I don't like @CAPS5, but I do. Next type @CAPS6-@CAPS7. Today's singer @CAPS6-@CAPS7 I don't think so. The last kind of music is some rap today. I think some rap today uses a lot of bad words. They have a lot of movies that I don't like. The first one is @CAPS10 @CAPS11. I didn't get the holes for that movie. Next corn from @CAPS12. They are how I can't figure out how @CAPS12 killed the people on @NUM1 in that town. The last movie I don't like is all the @CAPS13 movies. I just don't like them okay? I think all these things are objectionable. But I still know people love them, so I'm not going to take them away. Some things people like, but I don't like them. Something my friend likes but I don't. I like their stuff and they don't. But I guess what I'm trying to say is that there are some things in life that you don't like. But you can't get rid of what you don't like in the world
Our Founding Fathers created the Amendment for the people. One of the biggest is freedom of speech. There is no need to censor offensive material. Books, music, movies and magazines @MONTH1 have bad information or nudity, but that doesn't give anyone the right to get rid of them. Book burning happens because people don't like their writing. People have the right to express their feelings through any medium. Censorship of anything makes the child more immature. Burning books is a terrible act for anyone. People used to burn them for all the sex, drugs, and violence, but doing so destroys people's dreams, theories, and ideas. In book @CAPS1 @NUM1, firefighters will burn any book they see in the home. Almost every book in the world is not true unless it is non-fiction. The firemen in the novel destroy any type of font because it is bogus and goes against the government. That basically means every kind of book out there. The cause of this tragedy is that every citizen loves their TV or video games. Without books, there is no real entertainment. Also, the things we read every day make us who we are, and in fact, we should not read less, but more. Libraries have no right to censor books. Freedom of speech has existed almost since the beginning of this country. Why change now? To keep obscene literature out of the public eye is to keep the writers from speaking out. They @MONTH1 have written their thoughts, but if no one reads their writing then they can't be heard. Libraries are not meant to keep things from reaching a child's ears, but to provide whatever knowledge a person needs. Parents always prevent their precious babies from watching certain shows and movies. I once knew a woman who would never let her son watch the @PERSON1 series because of witchcraft. She believed that he would try to learn witchcraft. When I heard about it, I thought it was ridiculous. When a kid watches a murder mystery, a fantasy show, or a play with a bit of nudity, it's different for them, they're curious. After watching these scenes, parents need to sit down with their children and talk about what they just saw. Children need to know that killing is wrong, justice is good, and magic and dragons do not exist. Nudity has always been considered a bad thing, but penises and boobs are part of the human body. The more kids watch, the more mature they will become, but kids shouldn't watch porn. Censorship always goes the wrong way. It is believed that if objectionable material is shown, the observer or reader will have a bad idea of what they know. We shouldn't get rid of obscenity at all. We should understand the bad things in life. Burning books is a bad way to destroy the foundation of the human mind. Freedom of speech is the law and should be followed. Censorship is not always a good thing for children or anyone
Should books, magazines, movies, and music be placed in the upper reaches of children, or should they be placed in the obvious? Isn't it fair that @CAPS5 can't watch a movie, a magazine or even read a book just because the rest of the area thinks @CAPS5 is offensive? If an adult is reading a particular book or magazine and they feel that @CAPS5 is just for their eyes to see @CAPS5, then they should keep the item in a personal location known only to him or her and no one else. Books and magazines that are objectionable should not be removed from the shelves. The reason for this is that @CAPS5 is unfair to others who haven't read them, and want to read them but can't delete them because they've been commented by others. If these books and magazines are not suitable for children to read, then these companies will not print them and put them on stands for sale. If some of the music is also inappropriate, the music producer won't let the artist release the song to the track. There are plenty of opportunities for @MONTH1 school programs that need access to information, but students assigned to access @CAPS5 cannot access information because adults don't think the @MONTH1 site is appropriate . For example, in a history class, a student is assigned an assignment to complete a grade on @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 within @DATE2. Here comes @DATE3, he/she doesn't have @CAPS5 and got @CAPS4 for his/her assigned homework. The student explains why he/she cannot get any information. He/she starts explaining that "the website I'm visiting is blocked". The books and magazines I tried to check were either thrown away or I couldn't check them out. "@CAPS5 It's all because our neighbors who live around here think the pictures and words are offensive, and the librarians stopped putting them on the shelves since then." Then the teacher said, "Then I'll sign one for you. This book, you can try to get as much information as possible, what do you think?" "@CAPS6 is good, at least @CAPS5 is better than getting @CAPS4 on assignments," the student said. Here comes @DATE1 @TIME1, students get as much information as they can from both books and give @CAPS5 to teacher. At the end of the course, @CAPS5 is graded and the grade on @CAPS5 becomes @CAPS8. The student is happy to get the grade, but still unhappy that he/she was not able to get the items they need from the start. That's why movies, books, magazines, and even music shouldn't be removed from shelves. It can happen that kids get into trouble for not turning in their homework and it's not even their fault. If only a few citizens have an opinion on certain items that they think should be removed, then they should disappear from their sights, they should not think about them. Even though @CAPS5 is for the safety of their @MONTH1 and their kids at home, they shouldn't even take these books out of a little private place where no one knows that person.
@DATE1's bug in @CAPS2 library @CAPS1 is a great place to learn about many things, from Earth's history to where we're headed in the future. I think some things shouldn't be on library shelves because some books are very offensive to some people. Even movies and music can offend some people. I think @DATE1's music is a big deal because the lyrics can be very offensive. Movies aren't a huge problem, but sometimes they can be. Movies are objectionable for many reasons. If they are objectionable, why put them in the library? Libraries just want to make money, so they don't care about offensive products. For example, an inaccurate and poorly made @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @CAPS5 movie may offend real-life @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @CAPS5 veterans. Veterans may want the film off the shelves. I've seen some great @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @CAPS5 movies, but I've also seen some bad ones. My grandpa is a veteran, he saw a bad @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @CAPS5 and was so upset he cursed @CAPS15 and almost threw the remote at it. Then there's the music question from @DATE1. I don't think stores including libraries should be selling albums by @DATE1 rap artist because it's all about drugs, sex and girls. It's stupid if you ask me. But when you start selling them at a library, that library has problems. Some country singers might be like that, because all the songs are about getting drunk and having sex. I just think most of @DATE1's music is really pointless and a waste of time because when I listen to it I feel like it's stupid and doesn't make any sense. Books can be offensive at times, depending on the author. Books that contain a lot of curses may offend religious groups that prohibit curses or read curse words. So why put it on a library shelf? Well, it all comes back to money. If people buy books, it means the library will make money, and the more books people buy, the richer the library will become. I read a book about someone killing cats and I found it offensive because I love cats and I would never hurt them. I got really pissed when I read it, so I threw it away and took it to the library to complain to them. So in general, libraries should be more careful about what they put on their shelves for people to buy. If there's something wrong on the library's shelves, they could end up filing a lawsuit. But if they don't put the offensive stuff on the shelf, they won't end up being sued
I do believe there are places where magazines, books, movies and music need to be removed from all bookshelves. Just imagine, if you had kids, would you want them to get a magazine with naked men or women in it? Yes, people tell you they can control the kids in the store, but I know you always see kids walking away or going away trying to do what they want and go where they shouldn't be like magazines. Do you want your little one to read a magazine with naked women in it? That's not something kids should find in a store, it's not a necessity. The same goes for movies, let's say you rent a movie from one of the many movie venues that contains nudity or swearing, do you want to be around your kids? I know I won't because kids are like monkeys, monkeys see monkeys do, you don't want your kids walking around and scolding you. I have little cousins and I've seen many times they scold their parents, when parents ask where they heard it's usually the same answer, TV or movie. So do you really think it's necessary to keep all this bad stuff around for many ages to see? no. Something like this just needs to be taken off all the shelves and destroyed because I shouldn't see it, nor should anyone else see it, it's vulgar, dirty, and inappropriate for kids. I said read it and do everyone a favor
The library contains many different books, music and magazines. But are all these materials suitable for all @CAPS1 visitors? In this post, I'll explain to you why I think offensive, distracting, and inappropriate material should be taken off the shelf and placed in their own public @CAPS2 section. If a kid walks into public @CAPS1 and picks up a book about abortion, they won't know what the book is talking about because most kids won't read it. What if fifth graders were to pick up the same book? They will be able to read the entire content without any problems. But should fifth graders be allowed to pick up a book on abortion at such a young age? I don't think so, fifth graders should read age appropriate books. This is just one of the reasons why I think offensive, distracting and inappropriate material should be moved to a separate section for @CAPS1. When I think of @CAPS1, I think of a quiet place where I can read or study. Although, some libraries allow their visitors to listen to music. But on a computer, on an ipod, or even on a phone, there should be a sound limit, right? Most people would think that libraries put reasonable limits and they might do it, but people don't follow directions and don't pay attention to what other people are doing. Entering @CAPS1 to study is @CAPS6 distraction, the person next to you plays heavy metal rock songs on their ipods. Again, this is another reason why I think offensive, distracting and inappropriate material should be moved to its own area of @CAPS1. I also think @CAPS1 is a community place where you can go and be safe, your parents don't have to go with you because they think it's safe and appropriate too. Most libraries have magazines because it's for your entertainment and they want to keep you entertained so you keep coming back. Not all magazines are rated @CAPS10, some have @CAPS6 inappropriate material. Children should read magazines suitable for children, teens should read magazines suitable for teens, and adults should read magazines suitable for adults. However, adult magazines shouldn't show people with barely any clothes, or any sex scenes, and neither should teen magazines. For inappropriate magazines, I don't think they should have their own @CAPS1 section, I think they should be removed together. They have pictures in them and anyone can look at the pictures. I really hope you can understand my point. This has nothing to do with public libraries, it's just the material in it. If I had a public @CAPS1, I would have rooms dedicated to books for different age groups. For example, I would have a room for @NUM1+ and a room for @NUM2+. These rooms will be used to store books that are easily questioned by younger children. I will also have my own room dedicated to music. This way anyone can enter the room and listen to any type of music they want without any problem. The rest of @CAPS1 is for people to learn and read. I think every @CAPS1 should be like this and it will help make the world a better place
Hi, my name is @CAPS1 and I think books, newspapers and magazines should be censored, but not. When I say I mean, some books that deal with adventure or romance may have sections that need to be reviewed, but that's how the author made the book. Its purpose is to grab your attention from the very first sentence of the story. I believe sometimes magazines need to be censored because they are promoting bad habits for everyone in @LOCATION1 and others around the world. In my opinion, magazines should be censored. Now some people do it less out of place, which is a good thing in a way, but others pretty much just let it slide and think it'll boost sales because they want it to consider what they're doing in the magazine content. I think books should stay on the shelf. Some felt that the "censored" part of the story really got people's attention. I myself have never been out of date in this area, and since I'm not a strong reader but know of others, I suggest we review some things, but not all. People always write books to deal with what happened in their life or what they imagined. So we can't really help people think about what and what some people have written to get published in a book. For some readers, a very interesting story or paragraph is read from the back cover of the book, while others just wish the book disappeared from the nearby library or their house. It's entirely up to the reader. I'll review something if I can, but not in the book. It was their idea to put it into the story, but there are some things that need to be left unsaid. Some readers appreciate it, others don't. Reading the book is really their choice, and if the book doesn't appeal to them, they can simply put it back on the shelf and find another book that's close to it. I just feel that some magazines should be censored. Every day, when you go into the grocery store or library, you keep seeing swimsuit models and "sexy" in magazines. I just don't think it's right for little kids to see this when they're looking for @CAPS2 @CAPS3 books or books about their favorite animals. Another reason to censor magazines is that people see some religious views when they look at magazines. People are turning into @CAPS4 and right about @CAPS5 every day, so people will be offended by some disturbing images in the magazine . I personally offended some of these magazines as @CAPS6, advocating perfection and getting your life sucked while reading each article. As I said, I understand what is included in the book due to the author's imagination, but some magazines just need to be taken off the shelf
The way I watch movies or books shouldn't be off the shelf. Because it should depend on its own rights to make a movie or not to make a movie. There's also music like country or sad music ants like movies or books how can you listen to music on the radio you can't. Because no matter what you do with the radio it doesn't matter if you turn it off or change the way Chanel is like in the world right now there will be all kinds of things on the radio that you don't want to hear, there will be things you want to hear The thing, that's how I feel about movies and music If there was any way to keep movies away from me, I would probably do it, there are good movies and there are bad movies, but only one movie afensive and shy is (shylo) about old people Punching dogs and something very nasty to some people who grew up around beetings.
We all enjoy the freedom to read, listen and watch the content we love. How would you feel if this freedom was taken away? Some argue that censored books, music, movies and magazines should be removed from libraries. I believe you should have the right to read, listen and watch whatever you choose, but if it's censored material, the child should discuss it with the parent first. We all know that reading, watching or listening isn't everything for some age groups. This does not mean that the item should be completely removed. Instead, the child should talk to the parent about the review project. Parents can decide if the child is mature enough for the program. Furthermore, if these materials are removed from the library entirely, people mature enough to read, listen or see will not have the opportunity to read, listen or see. I remember when I was in middle school, I really wanted to read the novels @PERSON1 saw in the library. My mom didn't think I should read those novels at that age. I made a compromise with my mom that I could read @PERSON1 novels she endorsed. She says when I grow up I can read any @PERSON1 novel I want. I find this compromise to be very fair. I know that when I'm old enough to read those novels, they'll still be waiting for me on the shelf. We should have the right to read, listen and watch what we like, but young children or other age groups should be monitored. But that doesn't mean we need to completely remove these materials from the library. When these kids are old enough to read, watch, or listen to this material, they should be able to go to the library knowing that the shelves are waiting for them.
Do you think certain materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should be removed from shelves if found offensive? No, no, I didn't. It's one thing to censor a book or a movie, but it's another to delete it entirely. I feel that writers, artists, musicians and writers should have the freedom to write and express what they want. No matter who is reading it. I think censorship is wrong. Authors should be able to freely express their thoughts and feelings about the subject or subject in any way they like. Sometimes a story cannot be explained or told the way it needs to be without certain words. Whether these words are good or bad, I feel like the book being read is not all it can be without them. In my opinion, censorship robs the book of some value or quality that it might have had in its original context. It's unfair to me. This is unfair to the author. And certainly not fair to the reader who is reading this book. I know from my personal experience reading books, "yes," the books I've read have bad language. But just because a book has a bad word or two in it doesn't mean it should be taken off shelves entirely. For example this book '@CAPS1' @CAPS2: @PERSON1 is an amazing book. I probably enjoyed this book more than any other book I've read in my life. But that book won't be as good as it's censored or taken off the shelves. All I want is that good books with bad language shouldn't be censored just for some of the words in them. Because this is far from the content of the overall message. When you do, you almost take these words out of context. Do I think certain materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should be removed from the shelves if found objectionable? NO, I have not. neither should you
Sexuality, language and criminality are three big things in my school and community. Certain books, movies, music, and magazines are all about these three things. How can teachers and administrators stop us at school if they are in our library? I think the censorship of some movies, magazines and especially music should be highly discussed and more stringent. We don't really have a lot of movies in our school library, but I know there are some in the town library. Parents and adults don't want us to grow up so fast, yet they allow pornographic, vulgar language movies to appear on library shelves. If this is a big deal, I think they need to be removed. I firmly believe that if this happens, it will happen regardless of @CAPS1 precautions. But having said that, we can still take the necessary precautions against kids too young to see them, like under @NUM1. It's not just movies that we need to worry about. @ORGANIZATION1 is a magazine dedicated to providing readers with tips on sex, sexuality issues, and the occasional "@CAPS1 wear this @DATE1!" article. I will say that I have read the magazine, but it does not fit my interests. However, some children today are very focused on these subjects. Again, this goes back to the problem of children growing too fast. In my school alone, I've noticed this is a rapidly growing problem. If there weren't such magazines on the shelves for us to see every time we entered the library, maybe we wouldn't be so enthusiastic about the idea. If we hadn't been introduced to it so early, we wouldn't have tried to do it behind our parents' backs. @ORGANIZATION1 and other magazines like this need to be taken down as soon as possible. Music is a worldwide phenomenon. Let's say kids around the age of @NUM2 are listening to the new @CAPS2' @PERSON1 song. He'll be introduced to vulgar language, sexuality, and crime in the @NUM3 minute period required to listen to the full song. Seriously, it only takes so long to introduce a kid, and it's just one song out of thousands. This music can be accessed on many computers, especially in public town libraries. We're not allowed to do that in school, if we're going to spend our @NUM4 years of childhood/teenage here, why should we listen to it? If you walk into the library, all you have to do is sign your name, date and time to get there to access the computer. After that, they can't tell you to get off unless you're breaking the law or looking for something age inappropriate. Music doesn't fall into this category. If language, sexuality, and criminal behavior information is adult-level, it also needs to be removed. I personally like magazines, movies and music. They are my three people and I live by them. But not the ones who would cause me trouble, send misinformation in my head, or cause me to (subconsciously) get involved in criminal behavior. I always let my parents read books, listen to music and watch movies with me. If they're not happy with @CAPS1, I won't do it behind their backs. Censorship in libraries needs to be stricter. If it were stricter, it would prevent our young children from growing fast and prevent teens from engaging in criminal behavior. Censorship in libraries is an ongoing problem that needs to be addressed.
The diversity of the world makes it always difficult to please everyone. Another @MONTH1 finds obscene and volgur as I see fit. What I enjoy reading, listening to or watching, or any other way of consuming media that I'm addicted to, @MONTH1 insults or disturbs others; in fact, it probably does. This still doesn't remove something I or someone else likes because it offends another. A kid walks past the grocery store, doesn't get what they want, and goes on to drop f-bombs. More than half the time, they heard the language from their parents. If not their parents, is the media right? Maybe so, but the media shouldn't be hidden for the "just in case" your kids hear. If a parent or guardian doesn't want their child to hear something like this, they shouldn't let them hear it. They control what can and cannot go into their house. Taking these things out of the library is like trying to stop a child from seeing naked bodies or hearing curse words. They need to put on their own blindfolds every time they take a shower, and they can never leave the house because people don't always pay attention to what they say in public. No, I don't feel like every type of movie or book etc belongs in a library. There is a line that public libraries should allow and still allow some content to be inappropriate or inappropriate. A novel so descriptive that readers can see almost every aspect of fertility that happens between pages should have its own place, separate from the public library, along with movies that really show every aspect. While I like the idea, it would be unfair to actually delete said book. It would be a mistake to deny access to those who think these books are for them. A wise writer, Katherine Paterson, once said: "All of us can think of a book that we hope our children or any other children don't take off the shelf. But if I had the right to Take that book off the shelf - that's the job I hate - then you have the same rights and so do other people. Then we don't have books on the shelves for any of us. The truth of that statement Sex is not hard to prove. A religious family who believed in @PERSON2, I thought the book was a pure fantasy book series that preached witchcraft and satanism, so they moved them out of the library .I removed the graphic romance novel mentioned earlier. A mother who wanted her children to stay away from what she thought was the filth of the earth removed books about drug addicts, abuse and war because they were filled with death. With this situation The continuation, in the end, we're left with the empty shelf of a forgotten building that no longer serves any purpose. I don't think it's appropriate for a graphic novel to be placed in the adult section, or higher than most kids have access to. Parents who protect themselves can reject media that they deem inappropriate, not the world. While not everything is right for everyone, it's not right to censor some things in the world. There are ways to focus things on parts and not others section. Nothing should be removed from the library due to its content. At best it should be placed in a less accessible way.
There are so many different people in this world with so many different opinions on books, music, movies, magazines, etc, @CAPS1 Just because one person doesn't exactly like horror movies doesn't mean movie stores should never have shelves. As creepy as @MONTH1 sounds. There are a lot of people in the world who are movie freaks. Live and Breathe Horror Movies. I myself love @CAPS1 about everything there. I would read any book, listen to any type of music, and it actually expanded my taste in certain materials. I think everyone should try new things. Say your favorite books growing up were @CAPS2 and @CAPS3. You want to share your childhood stories with your children. But @CAPS4, the bookstore removed @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 because tiger and pig can never be friends. This is nonsense. Lots of people like lots of different things. There is no reason to only sell what you love. Otherwise your business will fail.
What is intentional offense? If we take away books, music, movies and magazines that people find objectionable, there's nothing left. Everyone is different, which means they will all be offended in different ways. By taking all of this off the shelf, we will provide smaller education to students around the world. What we learned in school, slavery, war, and some political science. All of this stuff might offend a lot of people now, but if we take them off the shelves in schools and libraries, kids won't understand history or what's going on in the world right now. What about drugs and alcohol, many parents don't talk to their kids about controlled substance use, so without these sources they @MONTH1 would never know the harm they could do to someone's body. Everyone is disgusted by something, but not everyone is disgusted by the same thing. So who's to say what's going to offend people and what's not? If so, shouldn't we take all books, movies, music and magazines from children's schools and libraries? Adults will be offended, so we will take all their resources, including newspapers. By taking down @MONTH1's alleged offense @MONTH1 is sending us into a dark age of no books, no local news, no movies, nothing because no one can say what the whole world considers offensive. Everyone has the right to read and write what they want. No one can say what offended everyone. Someone @MONTH1 was offended for talking about a certain race, another @MONTH1 was offended for talking about @CAPS1, and someone @MONTH1 was even offended for talking about their cute kittens. Everyone sees everything differently. So why try to control all of us. All people think differently, they know what they want to read, listen to, and watch, and they don't need to be told.
Censorship should only be used in areas that are exposed to young children, such as schools and television programs for young children. Things that are not suitable for young children should not be censored. If you censor everything because some people find it offensive, we will never be able to find new ideas to improve our community. Censoring books, movies, magazines and music that are not suitable for young people is a waste of time. If you take a book off the shelf explaining @CAPS1 of @CAPS2 because some people find it objectionable, then we will never make progress in technology. Censorship of things like books is just plain stupidity and ignorance. Learning matireal is the only way we can make progress in safety, and if we can't get the right books to learn because they're off the shelf because they're objectionable, we'll never make a breakthrough in technology. Parents who think books, movies and magazines should be censored are really not good parents. If they really agree with these topics, then they shouldn't buy them movies or books that they find offensive. It seems that parents want to announce that they want to review these items because they find it objectionable. But not all parents feel the same way, and some parents are open to these topics with their children and think their children are mature enough to handle them. As a child, I was not protected from these situations. I grew up without censorship. The movies I watch and the books I read have never been censored, and I'm mature enough to know what it all means. I understand why parents censor the topics kids love, but they never take the time to talk about them with their kids to see if they're mature enough to handle. Censorship is perfect for children's TV shows. But when you start censoring someone's ideas because you find them offensive and wrong, then you are ignorant. People here have freedom of speech and want the right not to censor jobs there because a small percentage of people find it objectionable. Censorship is a great tool when used properly
Book review? Should books be censored? This is a national issue about book content. This is a big deal. One parent found it very offending another @MONTH1 felt it had essential life lessons their kids needed to learn. If you asked me that, I would say, '@CAPS1 I believe these books should be, but on a national scale, not a community scale. '@CAPS2 I mean a book that mentions nudity or something of a volgur nature, not just because it has a bad word that parents don't think is appropriate for their kids. I believe there should be a national book rating system, just like the movie industry. I also believe that the job of parents is to regulate their children's reading. If they think the book is vulgar or inappropriate, but the system doesn't, then you need to stop their kids from reading it without taking it off the shelf. It's the parent's job to regulate their child's reading, not what's on the shelf. Like Kathryn Patterson's @CAPS3, all of us can think of a book we wish our kids or any kids didn't get off the shelves. But if I have the right to take that book off the shelfâ€”I hate that kind of workâ€”then you have the same right, and so does everyone else. Then there are no books left on any of us' shelves. @CAPS2 I believe she meant that if we all took a book off the shelf for our kids, there would be no books because what's not offensive to you @MONTH1 is very offensive to another parent . So parents should keep it on the shelf to prevent their own children from reading and make other parents worry about their children. @CAPS1 I believe in government censorship programs, but to a certain extent. It's a parent's job to regulate children's reading, but it doesn't need to regulate what's on the bookshelf
No, I don't think this is the right way to do it. Take a book off the shelf just because one person or a small group of people thinks it offends them. It's not just one person who decides this. People or certain people want to vote or have a meeting about taking a book or books off the shelves because it's offensive to them. Just because a person finds the book or books offensive doesn't mean they should have the right to throw the book away. They probably have a lot of people who really like that book or those books and they won't be able to enjoy them anymore. All because one or several people didn't like the book. Yes, their books are disliked by a lot of people, but still no one throws them away, all because they don't like that book or that book. No one should have the right to take a book they don't like out of the library and throw it away because they don't like it. They could be a smart little boy or girl who liked that book because that person threw it away because they didn't like it, and now that little boy or girl won't be able to read their favorite book. That's why I think books that some people find offensive should not be taken out of the library. Because they always have someone like that book you might want to throw away. If you think this book is offensive to you, stay away from that area of the library and don't think about that book
The media is a way for some people to go out and reach other people. Whether it's a magazine, a movie, etc., everyone in the world sees it in some way. If the work is not considered acceptable from the perspective of many people, then it should not be made available to the public. I personally believe that if something is seen as volgure and offensive, it should not be shown. Millions of people will see this and I don't want my kids to see it. Why do other people want the opposite? Children are very detail oriented and something so negative can change a child's mindset. We all want to raise our children, and exposing them to negative material is unnecessary. Not only children are affected, but adults are also affected by the media. Adults can be fooled too, trust me. I remember a time when some of my school's books and magazines were taken down for the same reason. I believe the librarian is doing the right thing. Some children in school should not be viewing or reading unacceptable things. Some students at @MONTH1 are not mature enough to see things from a different perspective than other students. I believe that if something is taken off the shelf because it doesn't look good enough, I will support the person who does it. Innocent children should not see anything that negatively affects a person. A positive influence should be made on the child at all times so that he or she can perform to the best of his or her abilities
I think they should take the books away and take more from the kids because they're getting worse every day I think they should move @NUM1 to @NUM2 so at least they're up to read Age, listen, or see whatever they want, but they should self-examine everything they put in the store. They should also have different sections in the library so little kids don't go to the adult section, such as adult books with content about sex, drugs, or anything else that falls into that category. I have @NUM3 little brothers, they are @NUM4, @NUM5, @NUM6. They know a lot more than my parents because kids are more receptive these days. So I say we as citizens of @LOCATION1 need to be mindful of how we put things out there that our kids can get their hands on. When I was growing up, I didn't know as much as my little brothers know today, and that was because they would come up with other things every day to affect our kids, brothers, or whoever. I also do think schools should have a class on what kids are going through in life today, like elementary school, so that when they grow up, they know about drugs or sex. Children also remember more things as they grow up, so if we put it in our heads at an early age, they'll remember it. I'm not saying kids will stop doing what they're doing, but at least the population percentage will drop and parents will be happier. I also think parents should stop lying to their kids about sex and making up stories so kids won't know, they need to stop doing it because sooner or later they will find out, so why not now? They should know more about real life there, so all parents there shouldn't lie about sex life to their kids there. So that's what my human input looks like. I hope this will change sooner or later before the world becomes a mess.
After everyone learns to read, books become part of their lives. First, our parents read to us and put us to sleep. Our teachers then show us books to teach us something or give us our full attention. Then, when we were a little older, we were assigned to read and take classes. There's even reading in the workplace, whether it's receipts, orders, or recipes. Reading is something we cannot get rid of. This leads me to say that the author writes for the audience and does everything they can to get the audience's attention. I don't think books, whether or not anyone finds them objectionable, should be removed from the shelves they are placed on. I think we can do something if we don't want to read that book. There are also things parents can do to ensure that the books their children are reading are appropriate and not objectionable. It's also good to read a different book that @MONTH1 has shown than what @MONTH1 has experienced before. First of all, I don't think books should be removed from the library because some people find them objectionable. Everyone has their own opinion, and just because one person doesn't like the book shouldn't mean that the experience of reading that book should be taken away by someone else. If you find a book objectionable, you can simply stop reading that book. Just because you don't like it doesn't mean others won't either. It's just part of how humans have their own opinions. On the other hand, I think children's books are a bit different. Parents have the right and responsibility to protect their children. I think parents should play an active role in supervising their children. For younger children, I think parents should read this book first and then judge if they think they should be reading it as a child. And then for young people, I think parents can try to find out about the book. The Internet is a great source of book reviews and ratings. Therefore, I think it is the parent's responsibility to review children's books. In the end, I think there can be different interpretations of books that are different for everyone. When I read a book, think about plans, imagine characters, and react to events, I come up with my own opinion about the book. My friend is also reading the same book and may form a completely different opinion of the book. But we all learned something from reading this book. In conclusion, I think parents should review books, nothing more. I think reading is a very positive thing. So no one should have the right to tell people what they should and shouldn't read. Also, books are something that can be discussed and everyone can have their say. I think every book deserves its own place on the shelf.
I don't think they should be taken off the shelf if they are found offensive. Many people have their own taste in what they enjoy reading, writing and doing. So there should be a variety of these things on the shelves so people can do what they like best. Books and magazines @MONTH1 are offensive, but they @MONTH1 also attract readers. I personally love books about drugs, sex and many other inappropriate stuff. In fact, my favorite book was banned from the school library. If they take all the inappropriate books out of the library. What will I read? Not everything can be peach all the time. It's not in real life, so why are we reading a little fantasy world that we know isn't real? I know I don't want to read that. Just like books and magazines, everyone has their own taste in music. Some like country, classical, metal, and maybe even rock. If you take those offensive songs off the shelf, it's going to make people angry. It's like not playing offensive songs on the radio, many songs on the radio are demeaning to women. If it could be played on the radio. Why can't it be in the library? Anyway, listen to that song on the radio. Most movies these days are very bloody or offensive in many ways. A lot of people are interested in these movies. If you can see that movie in the cinema, why can't you borrow it from the library? Some people go to school screenings so they can watch them if they're not there. What would they do if that movie was taken off the shelves? Fail? I know I'd be pissed if this happened to me. Keep offensive books, music, movies, and magazines on your library shelves. People end up seeing, hearing, and watching them even when they're not in the library. Even if you take out objectionable material, no matter what you do, sooner or later you will get them
When have you ever been in a library and found an objectionable book, and you would complain or try to take that book off the shelf? Have you ever read a book and questioned why you should read it? Why would you want to read a book you know you won't like? If someone has the right to take the books that bother them from the shelf, I have exactly the same right as them. I think everyone has equal rights. When I read, I always read the back of the book or the so-called story summary so I can know if I'm going to like it. If I knew a book or a magazine or even a movie would offend me, chances are I wouldn't even bother to pay attention to them. Apparently the author doesn't like censorship, otherwise she wouldn't be arguing about it. This is obviously something that bothers her, everyone has their own beliefs and doubts. I respect those who stand up for themselves and find the hardest way out of a difficult situation. I can say that I always go to the library to read because I am not a reader. But I can tell you that if I've ever been to a library and I've found a book on the shelf that offends me, it might offend someone else. So why would they bother to avoid offending people. Everyone has the right to express their opinion. But I think if it actually offends someone, it might bother others. I'm not saying everyone is the same, but most people believe what everyone else believes. People can have the same agreements and disagreements. I have to agree with @PERSON1 because she is right. You'd be amazed at the number and different things people might be offended by. I've had a ton of movies, books, music, and magazines that offended me. But I didn't let it pull me off or anything. For example, I stopped watching movies and stopped reading books that bothered me. You can't carry your emotions on your shoulders, but you can defend your rights and tell others what you believe. @CAPS1 Never tell anyone that you can't trust your opinion. If something offends you, @CAPS1 don't let them bother you, just stop doing what you're doing and move on to something else. Like I said, I've read and seen a lot of objectionable stuff. Not long ago, I watched a movie of a black man who was in jail and killed for being accused of something he didn't do. Just because of the times, but also because he's black. That's what really upset me. Because we are all the same. We @MONTH1 look different and see things differently. But our bodies function the same, and we all breathe the same air. I've always had this saying, '@CAPS1 Never judge a book by its cover until you read it. So whatever the folks at @MONTH1 think I believe in one thing, that is getting people to believe what they want to believe. @CAPS1 Never tell someone how to think, act or feel. I agree with Katherine Patterson.
When I went to the library, I @MONTH1 found something against me. But if something is offensive to me, the person next to me @MONTH1 will not think the same thing is offensive to him or her. When people try to draw a line about what's offensive and what's not for them, they can't. There are all kinds of people with different opinions based on their history. I think the disgusting @MONTH1 is seen as the best thing ever printed, published or recorded and in the eyes of others. The main problem is that there is no fixed definition of offense. I don't think you'll ever find a definition that everyone can agree on. There needs to be a limit to keep certain things out of certain age groups. For example, you don't want kindergarten to be able to view @CAPS1 movies. There has to be some scrutiny to protect people. But it all comes down to common sense. We'll never agree on objectionable content, but if we use common sense, @MONTH1's problem will be solved
Some people believe that offensive books, magazines or music should be removed from library shelves. I don't think offensive books, music and media should be taken off the shelves. They have a right to see something objectionable if they choose to do so. It is not another person's right to decide what others can and cannot observe. If something objectionable is removed from library shelves, such as music, books, etc., people's knowledge will be limited to what the library or the government wants them to know, which is not right. It's someone's personal decision whether they watch or read objectionable things. People should not be shielded from society and only know what they want them to know. If libraries eliminate offensive media, people will be able to form their own opinions and ideas. In some cases, reading and knowing something that offends some people should be known to the world. One case is how people should know about the carnage in @DATE1. I think reading about the Holocaust is very offensive to a large number of people, but even if this history is disturbing and offensive, people should know about it so it doesn't repeat itself. Governments and society have no right to decide what people accept. For example, what if a certain type of music was all removed from the library, the Internet, and TV? It will slowly disappear. Certain things, like reading about the times before racial equality, and things like slavery, are very offensive to people. But these things must be read, heard and passed down through history so that they are not forgotten. Libraries should not take objectionable knowledge from people. Yes, offensive things should not be celebrated or considered good, but people should know. The people of the world cannot only know the good things or what society wants them to know, they must also know the bad and objectionable things that have happened and have happened.
Katherine Paterson said: 'If I have the right to take that book off the shelf, then you have the same right and so do everyone else. ' In that sentence, I think she's trying to convey that if someone picks up a book or magazine and reads it and puts it back, maybe it's not the best book for them, they @MONTH1 find it fascinating Offensive but someone else comes up and wants to read it and they @MONTH1 don't find it offensive then you have two different views on a book, @MONTH1 Offensive to one but to the other People say @MONTH1 not. Different viewpoints do affect how books are reviewed, because people are so different, and how they view a book differently can affect what should happen with that book. I don't think books, movies, music, magazines and such other materials should be removed from the shelf if they are found to offend someone. If they are found to offend a different group of people then yes they should be removed but if it only bothers one or two people but there are others who agree it is not offensive then don't get rid of it just because a couple of people. Taking a vote might see how many people agree and disagree to keep or delete it, and then decide if you should keep or delete the vote. I think it's more fair and satisfying to vote on whether it's fair to keep or remove it. If someone has a memory of something they've read or an experience from it, and then someone else reads it and feels offended by something, it's not fair to the other person to get rid of it. This is especially unfair to those with memories and experiences. So instead of removing a book just because a few people might find it objectionable, vote for it. Let more than a few people make decisions on behalf of the book. More than a few people can have an impact on a book, and you never know what different perspectives @MONTH1 found on a book from different people. People need to be able to discuss their points in a book before considering whether to keep them, so don't choose to get rid of them without a few points.
Library Review Everyone has their favorite books. But if it offends someone, should he be allowed to delete it? Objectionable material should not be removed from shelves. If we delete books that even offend a person, no books will be left. As Americans, we have the right to free speech. Authors use their freedom in writing, just as musicians use their freedom to create music. But if we take away their right to publish their work, we take away their fundamental rights as U.S. citizens. Personally, I hate rap. I don't even consider it music because no one actually sings. But I do understand that a good portion of us do enjoy hearing it. Should I be allowed to take it off the shelves, make teens lose their music, strip artists of free speech, and ultimately put them out of a job? One of my favorite series is @PERSON1's @PERSON2 series. It's about a young teenager who learned to rely on @CAPS1 for all the hardships growing up, and it helped me do that too. But because it is the @CAPS2 series, should it be removed from the shelves? Should other young girls be denied the chance to read this life-changing series just because some might find it offensive? While some wish they could remove certain material they deem objectionable, it's not fair to authors, musicians or fans of these works. However, those who find it objectionable should be allowed to avoid it. Libraries need to make sure they clearly differentiate each topic so people can easily judge where they should or shouldn't avoid. Libraries should be everyone's resource, which means they need to have materials for everyone, even if they may seem objectionable.
Book review is one of @LOCATION1's main concerns. If it was up to me to take a book off the shelf, I wouldn't, personally, I think we as @CAPS1 should just read the question and stop complaining. Yes, we do have some books that people don't seem to like, like "@CAPS2 by @ORGANIZATION1", but the only reason it's been pulled from library and school shelves is because it uses the word "nigger" , and I find it kind of ridiculous that people overreact to this word when they don't even know what the word really means. Music review. This is another big question from the folks in @LOCATION1. I find the lyrics used in most of the songs "disturbing" or trying to get people and young children involved in criminal and other illegal behavior. Music like rap and the lyrics used in rap is what makes kids do stupid things, music talks about sex, drugs and murder. I don't think I'll pull it off the shelf, but I'll have the seller put them in the "Only in case of @NUM1" section. Most of our crimes today are blamed on music. From what I've observed on these topics, I've seen people read a book that uses deep language and are comfortable with it, they don't overreact to it, so it shouldn't be removed from the shelf . Based on my observations of rap music, of course, in a sense, it should be off the shelves and not for sale, but, I've seen people listen to it, never smoke, never kill, never hurt others. In my own experience, I've listened to Gore-obsessed bands, read profound language books and got over it, things that should be ignored and forgotten. It's just a common scenario, but there's a lot of stuff that should be taken off the shelves, I will, it's about movies and magazines. Some movies have always been a social issue and I've witnessed some movies with a little bit more nudity and I seem to think it's not a good thing our young kids should see, whether it's in theaters or on TV, this thing should pulled down. My observations on the magazine, I had a personal her, one of my best friends said "I want to look skinny, this girl does it in this magazine because I'm so fat". There are a lot of magazines that shouldn't be shown or read because it does say it's better to be skinny and a lot of girls and women are starving and look like people on the cover of magazines and it's ridiculous to see that happen if it were my choice , I would ban the use or ban the material, mostly because it's just a huge peer pressure. I'm not going to ban everything I bring up in this article, only what I personally find disturbing or out of the public eye.
I don't think censorship is appropriate for our public library. In my opinion it depends on what they are saying or what they are showing. Also, it depends on the age of the child or adult. People are different in many ways. It also depends on how they see it as meaning. It's not a good idea if they take books, music, movies and magazines off shelves because they offend, because if they take off, how will other people get it and want to read it in their lives? Some people like to actually read that stuff, and nothing else. I just don't think people will be happy. Also, in these countries, they are different cultures and they read stuff like this. People want to know different things. If people take books and other such things off their shelves, there is very little to read. There are all kinds of books for children and adults. Books you can read and things like that can contain more than objectionable stuff, and sometimes they can contain more information in these books than others. In my conclusion, censorship in our public libraries is not good because it takes basic stuff from the library and half the reading from people.
If the library was in a high school, we'd all be old enough to have seen or heard anything objectionable. In case we don't, though you can't protect your child from offensive material. This @CAPS1 will hurt them in the long run. For example, when your boss starts work and you or the people around you screw up an important task or task, he @MONTH1 uses words like "@CAPS2" or other vulgar words to describe how he has How angry. If you're just hearing those voices yelling at you for the first time, you're likely to crash or be unproductive. Now I'm not saying we should all "curse" and talk in vulgar language every day. I'm just saying that the real world doesn't have a "clean" version. No mom or dad standing by and saying, 'Oh no, that's unacceptable speech son'. If you do a survey on the everyday language of teens and young adults, almost @PERCENT1 would say they use some form of vulgar language or inappropriate terminology. We need to let our children and teens know that saying these things is not okay, they need to know what is socially acceptable and what is not. But taking it from them at the library and pushing them into a world where misbehavior happens every day is not right
Do we have the right to get books? Author Kathryn Patterson makes a point, saying 'If I have the right to take that book off the shelf, then you have the same right, and so do other people. Then we have no books on the shelf for any of us. What @CAPS1 means is that if everyone was able to take books off the shelf because they had something against it, there would be hardly any books in our library. Everyone has their own opinion. There are many things that can affect our opinion. Our beliefs, way of life, way of thinking, culture, the list goes on. I'm sure I can think of certain books, movies, music, and magazines that I may or may not like. Does this mean I want to get out of the world of those particular materials altogether? It sure doesn't bother me, but that would be very selfish. Even if something is completely inappropriate and offensive, it is still information. Maybe it shouldn't be in the kid's section of a library or store, but I don't think it should be removed entirely. Especially music. There is a wide variety of music ranging from rap, rock, oldies, scream, classical, country, alternative and many more. I despise country; I love alternative and classical music. I know a lot of people love it. All the old people I know hate all rap. Most of them are very objectionable, but that's the way it is. So no, I don't think anyone should have the right to delete anything from anywhere because they personally find it offensive. We cannot hide from this world. I think people should be open to new things and understand that not everyone likes the same things. If we delete stuff we don't like material, others will delete stuff you like, and so on. So there is nothing. Like freedom of speech, we should have the freedom to read, listen and watch what we like
I think censorship should be allowed on some things, but I don't think censorship is part of a public library. Books are written to spark a person's imagination, and if they can't read a book that's a little offensive, they'll never know what it's like to open some of the greatest books ever written until that person grows up. Several studies have shown that books stimulate the human mind and that taking them away would be devastating to these statistics. For example, a student is assigned a report on a piece of classical literature. So he/she goes to the public library to find a good book, but when that student gets the book, he/she finds that all the classics have been taken from the library for being too offensive. What will that person do? Should he/she be given up because every piece of classical literature is taken from every library in the country, I say no! This is a problem because almost every good book ever written has at least a few sections that are a little offensive to a particular reader. From personal experience, I can back up this statement with the books I've read throughout my school career. For example, I was assigned a book report on @PERSON1 in @NUM1 grade, so I went to the school library to look for the book and couldn't find it. I asked the librarian where the book was and she said it had been removed because it was offensive to black people with the word negro on its pages. So I asked her if she could pick up the book from the public library, and she said it was off the shelf as well. I don't know what to do, I know absolutely nothing, I don't have a book to write my report on. So eventually the teacher had to change the report subject because @PERSON1 was not found on the student. But if the country doesn't allow these books to be taken off the shelves, then we won't have this problem. Another example is my friend @PERSON2 wanting to know about his culture and where his ancestors came from. But when he got to the library, he couldn't find any books on the Arab world. So he asked the librarian "Where are all the books covering @LOCATION3, @LOCATION2 and @LOCATION1?" The librarian said they were all removed for treating Arabs as very offensive in @NUM2 @CAPS1 After that, there are no books left unchecked. I'm sure he thought the comment was very offensive, but he couldn't do anything about it because white people think Arabs are offensive and racially unequal to white people. These are just some of the things that have happened because people find certain books objectionable and that's why I think the government should put all the books on the shelf and let people decide to pick up that book or just walk by. And of course people have Free speech, but it shouldn't affect the books on the shelf. That's why I don't think censorship should be allowed to affect public libraries.
Censorship in the library @CAPS1 is a lot of stuff on the library shelves that you @MONTH1 focus on. You @MONTH1 wonder why they don't take the bad stuff off the library shelves. On the library shelves, it contains books, music, movies and magazines. Some things like what image does it contain, what language does it contain, and what kind of ad. Some of the things I've experienced is the language it contains. I've seen some books, magazines, music and movies that are all cusswords. And some @MONTH1 contains racist stuff you don't like. Another thing is that @CAPS1 is some bad persuasion, like bad things you hear or see and you wonder what it would be like to do them. Another thing is advertising. Magazines can contain some content about tobacco advertising such as it's good for you. Other ads are alcohol ads, like a picture of someone @CAPS1 holding a beer or whiskey, we thought it would be cool to try it, but it wasn't. The last really bad thing in an ad is a drug ad, like a picture of a medicinal leaf, or a spice. Drug use is bad because it can ruin your entire career in high school or even college. The last thing is pictures and scenes. In a movie, @CAPS1 might be a scene you don't approve of. In some magazines, @CAPS1 may be a picture you don't approve of. So all I see are pictures and scenes from movies and magazines, there are inappropriate scenes, inappropriate pictures. There are things like what image does it contain, what language does it contain, and what type of ad @CAPS1 is. On the library shelves, it contains books, music, movies and magazines. You @MONTH1 wonder why they don't take the bad stuff off the library shelves. @CAPS1 is a lot of stuff on your library shelf that @MONTH1 cares about.
Offensive books should not be removed from library shelves. Books tell stories in fiction or non-fiction. Many of @MONTH1's offensive books are historical. These books may include topics such as wars, eras, characters, etc. Everyone has the same right to read any book they want. They also have the right not to read the book at all. A book removed from a library because a person or group of people has been offended can hinder the ability of the person who wants to read the book to read it. As human beings, we shouldn't take this from other people right away. They should be able to read whatever they want. If anyone wants to read a biography or history about @CAPS1, they should be able to. The topics of @CAPS1 and @ORGANIZATION1 @MONTH1 are offensive because of what they represent. If we treat the subject as a purely historical reference, rather than a story read for enjoyment, there will never be any offense in these books. These stories hold an important place in history. @MONTH1's history will repeat itself if we don't learn from their mistakes. History is about to be studied, even if the topics may offend some. Political correctness cannot always be followed when writing stories. For example in To @CAPS3 and @CAPS4. This book has a lot of problems with political correctness. These issues include; killing an innocent person and exposing the flaws in our justice system, the use of the word "nigger" to describe black characters, and racial inequities in @LOCATION1 during @DATE1. These questions are sure to offend some readers, but this book is award-winning and guided by history. The situation in this novel may be true. They are things we have to learn, so we don't repeat them. Another story that fits this very well is @CAPS5 @NUM1. This novel is about a world where all books are burned. No book is allowed to be read. This book sheds light on the extremes of removing objectionable books. No matter who you are or what you believe, there will be some topics that you find offensive. If we delete every book that someone finds offensive, there will be no books on the shelves of any library. A library is not a library without books. If we allow books to start taking off shelves, we can't stop it. One day we will end like the world in @CAPS5 @NUM1. No history will be known, but what is passed down. There won't be more stories to entertain us, but the ones that are remembered. Without books, the world would be bad. Books deemed offensive should not be removed from library shelves. Taking these books away takes away the freedom to read whatever you want. It reduces the opportunities we have to learn and thrive. Political correctness should not replace our own freedom, as long as we keep the book on the shelf, it will not
I believe the library should have more scrutiny. Some books, magazines and movies should be removed or grouped by age. Based on my own experience reading or seeing people reading these books, I think they should be removed because they affect violence, sexual activity, and drug use. Young children should not be exposed to these things. First, I think books that contain violence should be removed. I believe children are the most vulnerable people. I also believe that violence is the thing most affected by it. The violence in the book affects the killing. Fighting and killing are not good. No kid should be able to check out something full of shooting and fighting. This book will make kids think that if they can check it out, it's the right thing to do. Being under the influence of violence can make you commit a crime. Reading is not worth jail time. Next, I think all sexual activity material should be removed from the library. Children should not be exposed to sexual activity until they begin to understand sexual activity. For example, a young girl reads that teenage pregnancy is not a problem. Readers will think this is what she should do, which is wrong. Young children should not read books and magazines that contain sexually explicit text. Those things @MONTH1 influence kids to do things they shouldn't even think about doing. You can at least sort them in the adult section. Finally, drug use should not be given to children in book form. Children should not read or watch anything that talks about drugs in a positive way. Unless it's about saying no to drugs and not using them, kids shouldn't be reading them at all. Drugs make people do things their normal thinking doesn't want them to do. Kids should say no to drugs and books that affect the opposite. In conclusion, this is why I think our library needs a review. Because of violence and drug use, we need scrutiny. Also because of sexual activity and more
Dear newspaper and staff, @CAPS1 brought to my attention, @CAPS1 is considered to be the majority of the library in the community @MONTH1 has removed and/or censored certain books in the library. I find this unacceptable; in my view it is an attempt to mislead or conceal offensive evidence of previous readings for posterity. For example, my personal favorite is a book labeled "A @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS1" which describes a child's mental journey and the abuse he experiences on a daily basis. Books like this are not only inspiring @CAPS1 but also keep readers open to how things might play out. Some of @MONTH1's topics include; slavery, abuse, war, and discrimination. These topics are still one of the things happening in today's society today. There is no point in censoring and removing these books; the simple reason is that at least three of these four are current issues. @CAPS1 is very important for our generation to be aware of the voices, questions and lessons that these topics raise. Failure to let our generation know about these issues @CAPS1 could lead to history repeating itself and we as a nation are trying to prevent that from happening! However, my opinion of the film is a little different. I believe some films are okay; but they must not contain explicit and purposeful discriminatory behavior and/or offensive material. Most movies these days, if they offend in a movie-related way, they're at least rated @CAPS5 @NUM1 or @CAPS5 @NUM2, which makes it offensive to some age groups to watch @MONTH1 or discriminatory material. They @MONTH1 also need an adult group to preview the movie. So, as I close, I hope you will take my point of view as a sensible take on offensive/discriminatory issues. I fully believe that @ORGANIZATION1 content is allowed at certain ages, depending on the content. Parents/guardians must conduct extensive observation if required. Thank you for your time and understanding my letter! Thanks! Sincerely, @PERSON1 - @ORGANIZATION1
Everyone is offended every day today. So going to the library and looking at objectionable material on the shelves is no different than any other time of day. However, there are ideas that have not been tainted and influenced by these offensive materials, and they should have the right to keep them. One solution to this problem might be for us to start rating books and magazines the same way we do movies. Materials graded for adults are placed in one area of the library, while lower graded materials are displayed to the public. Higher grades can be placed in areas that are not routinely seen by the public and are kept secret so that unaffected minds and those who want the material can still do as they please. Another solution might be to get rid of censored material. From my point of view and experience, it corrupts the mind and soul and makes people what they are born with. Men, there's nothing better than sitting down and reading or looking at things in a marriage, they often don't have anything of value in their lives. Therefore, they are barriers to society. But if they don't have access to the material, then they need to do something to fill that time. In that case, they can find a good classic to read, or pick up a dusty @CAPS1 off the shelf. So this leaves labs with options. They can leave the library as they please, they can keep the offensive material in a secluded room, or they can remove the explicitly offensive material and keep society on track and create great feats for the next generation. So offending someone went down, maybe library attendance went up.
Have you ever found or seen an offending book, music, movie or magazine in the library? If so, do you want to remove it from the shelf so your kids or anyone else who might find it objectionable can't see it? Well, actually I went to the library and saw something that disgusted me, and I also heard my family talking about it. So I'm going to talk about how I've heard my family see or find books, music, movies and magazines offensive. Also, I'll explain how I feel and what I want to do when I see things in the library that offend me. The last thing I want to talk about is how I feel about library censorship. First, I heard from my sisters, my mother and my stepmother how they found books, music, movies and magazines in the library that offended them. Now I don't know exactly what books, magazines, etc. offend them, but I do know what they think of them and what they want to do. So one day my sister, mother and stepmother were talking about a few books that she found offensive. They never said what the books were, but they kept talking about how they felt and what they wanted to do with them. Now she tells me and my family that she is deeply offended by their names and their content. She also said she really wanted to get books, music, movies, etc. off the shelves so others who might find them objectionable wouldn't see them. However, they also all agree on the fact that they really don't have the authority to remove them from the shelves. The reason they don't have this right is because a lot of people don't know if they find it offensive. People who don't find it offensive may actually want to read them. So, they just agreed to look past and ignore the things that offended them to those who didn't find them offended. Now, from my perspective, looking in the library or seeing books, music, movies, magazines, etc. that are offensive or offensive to me. On a few occasions, I walked into the library and found several books that offended me. I really don't like the whole content and names of these books, I really want to take them off the shelf and throw them away so other people who might find them objectionable don't find them or see them. So what if anyone else actually wanted to read these books? That's what I think when I'm tempted to actually delete them. So I decided not to take the books off the shelf so that people who don't find them objectionable can read them, if they so choose. I respect the fact that other people want to read these books, but at the same time, I know some people may find them offensive, but I just think they ignore the fact that they are there. So, one last thing I want to talk about. Do I think certain materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should be removed from library shelves if they are found to be objectionable? And my thoughts on library censorship. Well, I do believe they should be removed so they don't offend anyone walking into that library. But if people have the right to remove books or anything that offends them, no books will be left in the library. Then there is no point in having a library or anyone writing books. Then again, I don't think anyone should have the right to delete books that offend them. I believe that if they find a book that offends them, then they should ignore it and respect that there are a lot of people out there who want or like to read them. So I don't think libraries should have any censorship at all. It's not anyone's fault that people feel offended by books, music, movies, magazines, etc. So no, libraries should definitely not have any censorship. So there, I just explained my views on library censorship, if I believe people should have the right to take books off their shelves just because they find it offensive. As I said before, libraries shouldn't have any censorship at all. But yes, I do understand that people will find things offensive, but they should ignore their presence and respect that some people want or want to read these books. Again, you think people should have the right to take a book off the shelf just because they find it objectionable, what do you think about library censorship?
If certain books, movies, magazines, music, etc. are found offensive, they should be removed from the shelves. Books, movies, magazines, music are used to convey information, express opinions or state opinions, and everyone has a different point of view. No, books, movies, magazines, music, etc. should not simply be taken off the shelf or in the store. Everything previously listed is rated. Movies are graded from @CAPS1 to @CAPS2, books are graded from kids to adults, and music has a parent-suggested tag, so just follow the rating. If a four-year-old tries to buy two tickets to watch a movie rated @CAPS2, the theater won't sell him tickets because he's not yet an adult. People @MONTH1 made a point, maybe a kid picks up an adult book or magazine in the store and starts looking at it and reading it. The solution to this problem is simple, create a separate room in the store that sells these items and mark the room adult section. There are cameras nearby, so if a yongster is brave enough to tempt fate, they'll get caught, or just put a table in front of the adult section and require ID to get in. These are still books that express one's dreams, hopes, desires, fantasies and hearts, and dreams there shouldn't be rejected because one doesn't think it fits. Most obviously, if it offends you, please don't read it. Just follow the rating rules. Take the necessary precautions. If all these rules are followed, businesses and libraries should have no problem keeping everyone safe and happy.
If I could remove anything from the library's shelves, I wouldn't. Do you want your child to learn from facts or from friends? Censoring books, magazines, movies, etc., and stuff on the shelves is mostly for enjoyment or information. Granted, you don't want a 5-year-old reading a book made for adults, but as they get older, kids will have to learn something. You can't always control what your kids read unless you plan to go anywhere with them, including college and their adult life. Books provide more reliable facts and information than what you hear from people. How could anyone write a report on these things if all the books related to drugs or alcohol were taken off the shelves. These books are designed to provide people, especially children, with facts that no one else can share, and to help expand their vocabulary and knowledge. If someone is looking for a book or @CAPS1 offensive content, they don't have to read it or even pick it up. Libraries aren't always to everyone's taste, and what you @MONTH1 find offensive is no stranger to others. Removing a book from the shelf causes others to remove the book from the shelf, and then there is no book available for anyone to read or wish to remove from the shelf. If you control what everyone reads, no one will be happy and their brains will not work properly. You will get one of their rights, one of the only rights they are entitled to, without anyone else telling them they can't. What children read is shaping their minds for their futures. If you remove their favorite series or genre from the shelf, they won't read or listen to music or anything because it's unpleasant. When children are able to enjoy what they are reading or listening to, they start reading. So with this, I'm not taking anything off the shelf because everything appeals to someone in one way or another. Controlling what one reads doesn't take you or anyone else anywhere, if you take something off the shelf that you find objectionable, you might end up being offended, and you can't stop books from being available for people to read Knowledge. Provides information to people in some way.
Hi, my name is @PERSON1 and I have a few topics to talk to you about. I've heard a lot of people talking about taking a lot of stuff out of the library as well as I think that libraries around the world have a lot of their information inside, and if we start taking information out, then what will be the point in having they. I think everything in the library is very important and who knows everyone wants this to happen. One thing I really don't think a library needs is a movie, because almost every movie has a book to go with it, or pretty much the same thing. Let's move on. I think everyone should be mature about all the negative stuff people can say, even if it's harmful. Although I think the more people read what people are saying about them, the less they care about them because they get so used to it that they don't even know what they're talking about. If there's one thing I can tell the world, I'm not going to get mad at what people say to you.
You have to admit that while you want your kids to be free, @CAPS3 they all have enough responsibility to deal with @CAPS1. You can babble in their ears all day long about "@CAPS1 does this, @CAPS3 does this." They're going to go out and do @CAPS1 anyway. Trust me, I'm a teenager. I know. So you have to take something away from them to keep them from being distracted by the importance of @CAPS2 in their teenage years. That's homework. If the school system allows objectionable or inappropriate material on their shelves, all I know is that kids will find themselves...well..."distracted". When I say inappropriate, I don't just mean the sexual aspect, I mean the school. You might think they might save @CAPS1 for when they check out and go home and get their work done first, but like I said before, kids do what they want. What they want to do is @PERCENT1's time @CAPS3 homework. They'd rather just sit back, open a magazine, and keep their eyes peeled for celebrity spectacles and new scandals. Schoolwork is a very important thing in a teen's life and I feel they should focus on their studies and activities when they are at school. If they want to have free time to read magazines, they should be doing @CAPS1 at home. Offensive books should @CAPS3 be there just to distract teens. @CAPS1 is unnecessary. But for public libraries, @CAPS1 is a whole new story. I believe that public libraries should not censor anything because people act on their own free will. I know I personally go there for the sheer pleasure of research and reading, just like many others. @CAPS1 is your choice if you have enough responsibilities to focus on work or distractions because @CAPS3 only lets teens go there but adults go there too. @CAPS1 Can't accept only educational books because who knows what you're doing there? Libraries are for people to read, whether @CAPS1 is just for @CAPS1 or for schools. @CAPS3 Everyone is responsible. Especially @CAPS3 teens. So that's why I personally think that offensive or inappropriate material should be allowed for @CAPS3 in school libraries, but not in public libraries. While equal rights and freedoms are necessary, homework is too important to distract kids from @CAPS1. @CAPS1 is the key to their future
All have the same rights to read, list and view different materials. Being censored should not be your own choice. Letting someone tell you what not to read is very wrong in my opinion. If we review everything we do, we'll have a slow @DATE1 city and country. Any given word is likely to offend any particular person. The people they offend are, in my opinion, a burden to our country, they just prevent us from being completely free from ourselves, the colorful words we @MONTH1 use may offend one person but are totally fine for another. It all depends on the individual who likes or dislikes the word or reading. In my observations of people reading and disliking it, the word is the most offensive because it's harsh and colorful, they don't fully express themselves, and we're more sensitive. I think it also undermines free speech. We are given this right, so why don't we use it? Why don't people want us to express ourselves? I don't know why anyone would want to take books, music, movies and magazines from us. If everything was read and not read according to one's rules, we would be relegated as a country and @DATE1. Therefore, I strongly advise against taking any books from yourself. Most people agree with me, don't be censored, only sensitive people they offend make their own choices, don't take books from yourself, don't listen to music, don't pick up magazines. The rights are ours, that's what should be left
a. It's a word everyone has heard, but do people really know what it means or how it affects them? In the past, books have been condemned by rulers and leaders who felt the material was harmful. How can they say they know what is best for their people? What gives them the power to decide what their people can or cannot read? In today's society, we still have to deal with censorship. There are still people who think libraries need to review their books. Censorship is wrong. Books, magazines, movies, music, etc. shouldn't be removed from shelves just because some people find them objectionable. Everyone has different tastes, not only when it comes to food, but also in other areas of their lives. No one has the right to say one type is better than another. Censorship is wrong because it limits what people can read, watch and listen to. Censorship should not be allowed because it limits what people can read. Some people like mysteries, while others like to read romantic books. If we allow people to censor what we read, how can we say they are books that everyone loves? If the library censored every book that might offend others, there would be no books available for anyone to read. For example, some religious books may offend people of other religions, but that doesn't mean we should take them off the shelves. If we do, we will have to take away all the religious books so as not to offend anyone. Then no one can find books about their religion, and no one will benefit. Likewise, censorship limits what people can watch. If we delete every movie, even the slightest offense, there will be no more movies in the world. Every movie has something that some people will like and some people will hate. If we only focus on haters and get rid of movies based on haters, the people who love movies will suffer for it. People who like horror movies probably hate comedy. That doesn't mean we need to get rid of comedies just because some people don't like them. It just means that people who don't like this type of movie don't have to watch it. In the same way, censorship keeps people from enjoying the types of music they like. We can't censor music because everyone has different genres and genres they like. If we take away one kind of music, then we must take away every kind of music. It would be unfair to say that we can censor a genre of music because when someone actually enjoys listening to that genre, some people don't like it or find it offensive. It's not fair to those people, and if we're not fair to them, we have to be unfair to everyone. In that case, people will be more offended than before. There will always be unhappy people in the world. We shouldn't be censoring books, movies and music in libraries and elsewhere just to keep people happy. Library censorship limits what people can enjoy. It drives people who want to be censored projects crazy. We shouldn't be. We should allow people to choose what they like. If a person wants to read something, they should be allowed. If they want to watch a certain movie or listen to a certain song, why not let them? That small group of people who don't like what those people like can avoid reading, watching, or listening. We can't take something away from someone who likes it just because someone is unhappy.
